Publication: 2021-02-04NUMAC: 2020205313Federal Public Service Employment, Labor and Social Consultation 20 December 2020.-Royal Decree in which the collective employment contract of 24 March 2020 is generally concluded in the joint subcommité for the subsidized establishments of the Free Education of the Flemish Community, concerning the measures in connection with COVID-19 (1) Filip, King of the Belgians, to all who are now and will be here, our regards. In particular on Article 28; in view of the request of the Joint Subcommittee for the subsidy establishments of the Free Education of the Flemish Community; on the nomination of the Minister of Ministers, we have decided and we decide: Article 1. Incredibly binding the Appendix is ​​taken over Collective employment contract of 24 March 2020, concluded in the parararies UBCCOMITé for the subsidized establishments of the Free Education of the Flemish Community, concerning the measures related to COVID-19. Art. 2. The minister is responsible for work is charged with the implementation of this decision in Brussels, 20 December 2020. Filipvanoningweight: the Minister of Work, P.-Y. Dermagne _________cillation (1) Reference to the Belgian Official Gazette: Law of 5 December 1968, Belgian Official Gazette of15 January 1969. Appendix Subcommité for the Subsidy Institutions of the Free Education of the Flemish Community Collective Labor Agreement of 24 March 2020 Measures Registered with COVID-7 May 2020 under the number 158578/CO/152.01) Chapter I. - General article 1. Decollective employment contract applies to employers and workers (male/female) who ressions under the joint subcommité for the subsidized establishments of the Free Education of the Flemish Community, With the exception of the colleges.art. 2. The aim of this collective employment contract is to give contractual staff members a similar legal protection if the Personeelmat receives a wedding allowance. Chapter II. - Alternative labor. 3. In the Periodevan 16 March 2020 to 4 April 2020, the employee can receive alternative assignments within the institution. These assignments take into account the capacities of the employee. Art.4. During the execution of the assignments, the employer provides: - the necessary information about the protection of the employee; - the necessary material for the protection of the employee. Chapter III. - force majeure. 5. This chapter applies in the following cases in the period from 16 March 2020 to 4 April 2020: - The normal work or alternative work as determined in Chapter II is no longer possible; - The staff member belongs to a risk group. In this case, the employer can request a medical certificate;- the staff member is placed in quarantine. In this case, the employer can request a medical certificate.art.6. The implementation of the employment contract is suspended for force majeure. During the suspension, the staff member receives his ordinary wages. Chapter IV. - Final provisions. 7. This collective labor agreement is concluded for an indefinite period. It can be canceled by each of the parties to a cancellation period of six months. The cancellation is served by registered writing and is addressed to the chairman of the joint subcommittee for the subsidized institutions of the Free Education of the Flemish Community.art. 8. In accordance with Article 14 of the Act of 5 December 1968 on the collective employment contracts and the joint committees, with regard to the signing of this collective employment contract, the signatures of de -people who enter into this on behalf of the employee organizations on the one hand and on behalf of the employer organizations are replaced by the , signed by the chairman and the secretary and approved by the members of the meeting. The Minister of Work, P.-Y. Dermagne