Publication: 2020-03-06numac: 2020020271federal Public Service Finance23 March 2019. - Royal Decree on the implementation of Article 21, fourth paragraph, of the Code of Income Taxes 1992. - German translation below is the Get Displacement of the Royal Decree of 23 March2019 on the implementation of Article 21, fourth paragraph, of the Code of Income Taxes 1992 (Belgian Official Gazette of 5 April 2019). This translation was drawn up by the Central Service for German Translation in Malmedy.Publication: 2020-03-20numac: 2020020301brussels-Capital call for candidacy (m/f/x). -Vacant relation of Deputy Director/Director General (A4+) at the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation in the French-speaking Language Rolled Regional Provision of Brussels Taxation is subject to the provisions of the Decree of the Brussels-Colder Government of 21 March 2018 on the administrative status and the deposit of the The civil servants of the regional government services of Brussels. With the application of Boekiv of the aforementioned decision, the Brussels -Capital Government declares the position described below and proceeds to the public call for candidates for this position. The following is the following:-Deputy director/director-general (A4+) in the Brussels regional government service in the Tax 454 of the aforementioned decision, demandate holder will be designated by the Brussels-Capital Government. The duration of the mandate at 5 years. The mandate holder will be evaluated during the exercise and after the end of his/her mandate. Brussels taxation has a very clear mission from the start: on the one hand the tax powers perform correctly, on the other hand, effectively manage the taxes in customer -oriented, efficiency and on a credible, careful and responsible and responsible Collect wise. In order to do this so well, the Brussels Taxation Government gave the following strategic objectives: • Providing the service of taxes and administrative fines • the takeover of the development of the Tax Service; are with regard to taxation (and patrimony documentation); • Expansion of a full-volval tax service platform; • Being an attractive and self-development-oriented employer; • The proactive development and contribution of new policy-administrative initiatives. The general admission conditions determined in Article 36 of the aforementioned decision, namely: 1. show behavior in accordance with the requirements of the intended relationship; 2. enjoy the civil and political rights; 3. Holder are of a diploma of level A or holder are delivered from a certificate by the communities or institutions recognized by the same and which grant access to the position for which the selection is organized. In addition, the candidates, as required in Article 442 of the aforementioned decision, are themselves At least on one of the undercompetent titles and merits can appeal:- Having at least nine years of seniority in level A function-- have at least six years of managerial experience. Management experience is understood to mean experience on management in a government service or in an organization from deprivésector. Any candidacy must contain the following elements:- an explanation of the titles and merits that the candidate/candidate presents to apply for the relationship with use of the Standardized CV As stipulated in Article 445 § 3 of the aforementioned decisions of which the model was recorded by the ministered candidates whose candidacy was declared admissible by the Selection Committee, are invited for an interview. This includes an assessment test, as determined by Article 452 of the aforementioned decision. The assessment testing of a set of simulation exercises that are intended to check whether someone has the required skills and capacities for a specific relationship. Selection committee for each candidate/candidate a motivated advice from account:- the agreement of the profile of the candidate/candidate with the job description, tested after the aforementioned interview;- the titles and merits that the candidate/candidate applies;- the result of The assessment. After the selection and after analysis of their candidacy, the candidates are registered with a motivated decision in either group A "Suitable" or Groupb "not suitable". The candidates are ranked in group A. Changing Article 454 of the aforementioned decision, the Brussels -Capital Government indicates the mandate holder under the candidates of Group A.Op Straaf of nullity, the candidacy must be sent to "Talent.Brussels, Secretariat of within a period of 35 days of 35 days The mandates, Emile Jacqmainlaan 20, 1000 Brussels ". This term starts on the day after the publication of this call for candidacy in the Belgian State Blad. The envelope with your candidacy must be in a second envelope (every envelope must be the inscription "Application deputy director/director -general (A4+) - Brussels taxation" - "Confidential: notes" mention ")The candidates must also send their candidacy to the following address via e-mail: gdrossaert@talent.brussels within the aforementioned period. The job description, the targeted curriculum vitae and information regarding the procedure can be obtained from the secretariat of the mandatesvan Talent.brussels - 02.435.15.50 - gdrossaert@talent.brussels.