Publication: 2020-06-10Numac: 2020202507federal Public Service Employment, Labor and Social Consultation 4 June 2020.-Royal Decree extending the measures in terms of employment in the vital sector as a result of the COVID-19-Pandemy Filip, King of the Belgians, who are now and after this will be, our regards on the Decree Act of 28 December1944 on the social security of the workers, Article 7, § 1, third paragraph, i, replaced by the law of 14 February 1961, § 1septies, inserted by law of 25 April 2014, and §1Ocs, inserted by law of 25 April 2014; Having regard to the law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the king to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronaviruscovid-19 (II), article 5, § 1; In view of the special powers decision No 14 of 27 April2020 implementing Article 5, § 1, 5 °, of the law of 27 March 2020 that authorization grant the king to take measures in the fight against The distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II) for safeguarding a smooth work organization in the critical sectors; in view of the critical decision of 23 April 2020 to the temporary relaxation of the conditions under or not, with or not with business surcharge, can be employed in vital sectors and to the temporary revenue of the degressivity of the full unemployment benefits; in view of the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on 19 May 2020; in view of the agreement finding of the Budget Deminister, given on 20 May 2020; in view of the Act of 25 April 1963 concerning the management of the public utility institutions for social security and social precaution, Article 15; in view of Article 8 of the Act of 15 December 2013 containing various provisions on administrative simplification, this decision is exempt from a regulation impact analysis; in view of advice 67.478 /1 van deraad van State, given on 29 May 2020, with application of article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the coordinated laws on the Council of State; in view of the urgent necessity reasons by the fact that the Coronavirus COVID-19 is spreading on European territory and in Belgium and urgent measures are taken to the risk to to limit public health; that it is necessary to act in labor law and social security law, in order to make it possible to respond to the COVID-19 epidemic or Pandemie Coronavirus and to take care of the consequences of taking measures quickly To indemnify vital sectors in our country; that articles 2 and 3 of the Royal Decree of 23 April 2020 to the temporary relaxation of the conditions including unemployed, whether or not with operating allowance, can be employed in vitalesectors and to the temporary freezing of degressivity From the complete unemployment benefits Chapter 7 of the Special-Persty Decree No 14 of 27 April 2020 to U IT Vysen of Article5, § 1, 5 °, of the Law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the King to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II) to safeguard a fluent labor organization in the critical sectors , measures contain that temporarily unemployed employees withdrawn unemployed people with business supplement to temporary employment in vital sectors for the months of April and May 2020; that there is also a need for the month of June 2020 to guarantee detailment in the vital sectors; on the nomination of the Minister of Works on the advice of the ministers met in the Council, we decided and we decide: Article 1. Contrary to Article 11, third paragraph, of the Special Powder Decree No 14 of 27 April 2020, implementing Article 5, § 1, 5 °, of the law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the king to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronaviruscovid-19 (II) t OT indemnification of a smooth labor organization in the critical sectors, Chapter7 of the aforementioned special-power decision will be displayed on 30 June 2020. Art. 2. In the Royal Decree of 23 April 2020 to the temporary relaxation of the conditions under which the unemployed, already with an operating allowance, can be employed in vital sectors and to the temporary freezing of the degressivity of the complete unemployment benefits, Article 7, the words become "31 May2020 "replaced by the words" 30 June 2020 ".Art. 3. This decision has elaboration with effect from 31 May 2020.Art. 4. The minister competent for work is charged with the implementation of this decision. Brussels, 4 June 2020. Filipvan Koningsweight: the Minister of Work, n.m.Publication: 2020-06-11Numac: 202020254444444444federal Public Service Social Security 4 June 2020.-Royal Decree no. 22 establishing a compensation fund for the volunteers COVID-19 victim report on the Koningsire, the decision of which I was honored to Uwe Majesteit for signature for The aim is to take the King's authorization to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II), on the basis of the law of March 2020, to take urgent measures concerning the significant health rise for the volunteers Of the various associations that work on the field and for whom Decovid-19-infection cannot currently be covered in the event of death as a result of such a contamination in the context of their volunteer activities. The COVID-19 Pandemie is a great health risk for volunteers of the various associations that work on the field for which one Contamination by the COVID-19 In case of death as a result of such infection, the course of their volunteer activities cannot be covered at the moment. The few insurance policies are taken out by some organizations, usually only cover physical damage as a result of an accident and not of illness. It is essential that measures are being taken to ensure the proper functioning of volunteer organizations, which in particular occur to the protection of the Population to guarantee, as measures to support the voluntary deployment of these persons for the benefit of the population as a whole. Some organizations (Red Cross, Food Banks, Hospitals, etc.) are indeed sought after and have also had to reject their volunteers who are in risk groups. Because many volunteers are older people (pensioners), there were a call for new people to offer themselves as a volunteer to supplement these shortages. Even calls have been made by official bodies such as the POD Social Integration. The options that consists of setting up a SUI Generis system is based on the following principles: a) The death of the volunteer is reimbursed for a limited number of entitled entitlement . Healthcare is covered by the mandatory health insurance. Insider by COVID-19 infected volunteer is ill without dying, is professionally active and is not in order to work, the loss of income will be covered by the guaranteed wage or social security as a result of his or her submission as an employee, civil servant, self -employed, ... (incapacity for work, ...). B) The compensation has a fixed nature by the payment of a one -off sum, the amount of which is dependent on the relationship between the deceased volunteer and the entitled to the rights. n deceased: for Departner (18,651 euros), the former partner who receives maintenance money (9,325.50 euros) and children who still receive child benefit (15,542.50 euros). The activity of the volunteers in the sense of the project is not of that Nature to form a main source of income and there is so that a lost wage is replaced. No contributions are paid or insurance premiums. If the deceased volunteer was the source of income for his or her beneficiaries, the latter can also rely on measures such as a survivor's pension, a transitional benefit, etc.) A maximum allowance for the funeral costs has also been established for those who dieze has paid (1,020 euros) .d) The compensation scheme applies to a limited period and therefore only applies to deaths that take place in a period between 10 March2020 and 1 July 2020 and to the deaths that occur after this period, if proof of Contamination of the volunteer by COVID-19 was delivered before the end of this period. It is stipulated that Dekoning can extend this period in the light of the development of the state of health, but that this period may not be longer than the period of the special powers. Compensation fund for the volunteers COVID-19 victims ". Although the fund is organically integrated Fedris, it is not integrated into social security or global management. Without being the case, one can see comparisons with the Asbestos Fund, which reimburses environmental victims from Asbestoskan and that Fedris is also managed.f) The COVID-19 Volunteer Fund is financed by a grant of the Federal State registered on the budget of the FPS Social Securityg) In the scope of scope, it is defined what is meant by volunteer. These are his of the Act of 18 July 2018 on the Economic Relance and the reinforcement of social cohesion). The scope for the association workers is limited to those who one of the one of the in Article 3, first paragraph, 8., 16. EN17. Performing activities referred to (8. Supervisor in the daycare before, during and/or after school hours organized at the school or during school holidays as well as during the transport to and from the school; 16. With compliance with the regulations concerning quality requirements for the professional exercise of those activities : Provide support in residential care centers as well as in facilities for persons handicap immediately in addition to the activities of the permanent staff including, and not exhaustive, keep a human party, help with activities and get out; 17. Reception of babies and toddlers and out -of -school care of school -going children according to the conditions and quality criteria that every community determination) .Te are the students within the meaning of Article 17bis of the Royal Decree of 28 November 1969 implementing the law of 27 June 1969 revision of the Decree Act of December 2, 1944 on the social security of the workers, also also upright and, who are withdrawn from the application of the law of 27 June 1969 on the revision of the Decree Act of 28 December 1944 on the social security of the workers. Because very many activity sectors where volunteers usually work, have to do with the safety measures, no more activity is being carried out at the moment. On the other hand, it is in vital sectors such as health care, which functions fully, crucial to the contrary to unfortunate cases that may occur. The Council of State formulates in point 5 in its advice No. 67,319/1 in point 5 About Article 6 the comment on the fact that the scope of scope is being extended to students. Happet to the indefinite nature of the activities of the students and the validity of the planned measures for a period up to and including 30 June 2020 (Ditwil say in a period of which now It is not yet known which safety measures will apply and that activities will or may not be permitted), the Council of State has the impression that the equalization provided for in Article6, 3 ° is too broad and is not in accordance with the intention of the Stellers. clearly the intention of the scaffolders of the design to continue the activities in business in crucial sectors and essential services support. However, they were and are still confronted with serious problems as a result of the high absenteeism of their staff. Just as volunteers are indispensable in healthcare, students are an indispensable help in commercial sectors that, despite the Lockdown, had to continue their activities. The food sector was therefore able to appeal to these worthy reinforcements to enable the population during this period of intense crisis without having too many problems in its supply. It is therefore legitimate to ensure that all the unfortunate situations could occur and that could occur and that would affect the rights of any beneficiaries of these students, also taken into account for an allowance by the Fund. Although what we now know about the risks that are inherent to a COVID-19-Besmeetlert indicate that the profile of the students a lower risk of seriousness, the occurrence of a number of dramatic cases nevertheless shows that the risk could not simply be ignored. Contrary recommendation of the Council of State, however, the authors have re -examined the situation on this point. to be in accordance with the spirit of the measure - which is in favor of provisions V AST to be in favor of persons who continue to perform activities from Coronavirus -related crisis during this period of coronavus -related crisis whose population benefits while they do not fall under the regulation occupational diseases - is therefore also appropriate for the voluntary ambulance officers as referred to in article 17quater of the aforementioned Royal Decree of 28 November 1969 to include the design of the designHowever, this does not apply to voluntary ambulance officers who are voluntary members of the operational staff of the emergency services and fall as such under the scope of the law of 3 July 1967 on the prevention of or compensation for industrial accidents, front accidents on the road to and of work and work for occupational diseases in the government sector. Watkenspinkt the volunteers of the civil protection, which also referred to in Article 17quater vanvoord of the Royal Decree of 28 November 1969, does not have to be provided for in their inclusion in the application area of ​​the draft decision, since they already enjoy a comparable measure based on Article 87 of the Royal Decree of 29 June 2018 determining the administrative status of the operational personnel of civil protection. H) When requesting to intervene, the proofs must be added that on the one hand the death of the Vrijil Liger is the result of an infection by COVID-19 and on the other that the volunteer, outdoor or her house, carried out an activity as a volunteer during the period of 1 March 2020ToT the end of the limited period of the provisions of the Decree. Volunteer during the limited period of no activity as a volunteer exercise, are not eligible for intervention from the fund. Fedris can also request the organizational/or the applicant to be documented about the sector in which the volunteer is active wax and about the Conditions under which the volunteer has carried out the activity in which he exposed to the risk of infection. In this way, Fedris can investigate to what extent the volunteer when performing his or her activity was exposed to a greater risk of infection Doorcovid-19 than if he or she had strictly kept to the security measures imposed on him or her. The investigation of the file and The elements in support of the application will enable Fedris to whether there are sufficient indications for exposure to the Coronavirus COVID-19 in the framework. infection. Based on all these elements, the COVID-19 Volunteer Funden will make a reasoned decision. The approach of Fedris for the handling of applications for the COVID-19 Volunteer Fund will be based on the experience gained in the assessment of applications in the context of the occupational diseases for which for which Recognition is possible if the disease is brought with a documented professional contact in connection with COVID-19. Under the same factual conditions, the situation of the volunteer, in the context of the investigation of the file, will be judged non-Beter or worse than that of an employee in paid employment. This sui generis-regime is fully arranged by the project presented to you and that All necessary provisions accurately write in accordance with the following structure: Chapter 1. - Establishment and assignment of the compensation fund for the volunteers COVID -19 victims. Chapter 2. - Financing. Chapter3. - Scope of application. Chapter 4.- The allowance of the volunteers COVID-19 Fund.Appage5. - Procedure. Department 1. - The submission of the applications. Department 2. - The investigation of the applications. Department 3. - The payment. Department 4. - Conditions for the reimbursement for funeral costs. Chapter 6. - Disputes and prescription. Chapter 7. - Diverse determinations. Chapter 8. - Final provisions. The decision was adapted to the remark formulated by the Council of State in its advice No 67,319/1 given on 6 May 2020, except in terms of Article 30, second paragraph.de comment in point 8 About Article 30, second paragraph, the fact that the draft is limited to the application of the measures over time to deaths that themselves in the period from 11 March 2020 to 30 June 2020. The King can, by a Royal Decree in Councilor -Con -Commissioned Decree , extend this period without being allowed to last longer than the period in which he grants him the authorization to the King by the law of 27 March 2020 to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coron Avirus COVID-19 (II) may exercise authorization. Deraad van State is of the opinion that the link between the application period of the draft decision and the validity of the special powers assigned to the king does not seem to be pertinent, since the division of authority between the legislative and the Executive power but has little to do with the extent to which volunteers expose themselves to the risk of infection with the coronavirus in the context of the crisis situationHowever, the Council of State also points out that he does not have the required factor data to assess the date of 1 July 2020 with regard to the end of the validity of the design decision. The design carries a temporary Sui Generis-shaveless racking regimein at a time that we are Very few factual elements have to form an opinion about the duration of the crisis that we are going through and, in particular, about the developments that we have to go through in the coming weeks. Since it concerns measures that usually do not fall under the authority of the king, it seemed wise to the scaffolders of the design to limit their application the only period that is now known with certainty, namely the period of the special powers. Extended, and the health situation that requires, it would be possible for the king to extend this first period. If not, it is up to the legislator to take the necessary measures for a possible extension if he needed. And the need to apply certain special measures. The couplers are of the opinion that the current unknown factors with regard to the time needed to tack the measures, so we are taken care of by the set key. The Minister of Justice, K.Geensde Minister of Social Affairs, m. The Blockraad Vanstat department Legislation Advice 67,319/1 of 6 May 2020 on a draft of Royal Decree 'Nr. 22 establishing a compensation fund for the volunteers COVID 19 Victims 'op28 April 2020, the Council of State, Department of Legislation, has been requested by the Minister of Social Affairs within a period of five working days to provide advice on a draft Royal Decree' Nr. 22 establishing a compensation fund for the volunteers Covid-19 victims'. The Senate was investigated by the Senate on 5 May 2020. The Chamber was composed of Marnix van Damme, Chamber President, Wilfried van Vaerenbergh and Wouter Pas, State Councils, and Wim Geurts, clerk. The report was issued by Jonas Riemslagh, auditor. The agreement between the French and Dutch text of the advice was checked under the supervision of Wouter Pas, State Council. The advice, the text of which follows below, was given on 6 May 2020.1. In application of Article4, first paragraph, of the Law of 27 March 2020, which authorizes the King to increase measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (I) ', which refer to items 84, § 1 , first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12 ,1973, the legislation department had to limit itself to the investigation of the competence of the Stellervan the act, of the legal basis, as well as the question or to The formal requirements to be fulfilled has been paid. Legs of the Legal Stand of the draft2. The Public Prosecution Service for advice from Royal Decree Stektertoe to establish an arrangement in which certain beneficiaries receive an allowance in the case of the death of volunteers as a result of an infection by COVID-19 in the framework of their volunteer activity. To this end, a "compensation fund for the Volunteer Covid-19 Victims" is established, in short the "COVID-19 Volunteer Fund". The application of the designed scheme is limited over time.3. Legal basis for the draft can be found in Article5, § 1, 3 ° and 5 °, of the law of 27 March 2020 'that authorizes the king for measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-13 (II ). Article 5, §1, 7 ° and Article 6, second paragraph, of the Act of 27 March 2020, as such a legal basis for the design, and the reference to it in the first paragraph of the preamble must therefore be omitted. Research of The text -common remark: competence4. In the reported report of the King, the King, which is attached to the design, it is stated that the COVID-19 Volunteer Fund to be established "although organically integrated [is] within Fedris, it is not integrated [...] in social security or global management "In this context, the authorized representative clarified:" La Précision Relative au fait que le Fonds N'estpas Intégré Dans La Sécurité Social et la Gestion Global Vise à Éviter tout Amalgame and CE Qui Concernela Gestion, le Finance et la Gestion des Flux financiers. Le Fonds et son Mécanisma d'Demnisationne font pas partie des régimes de sécurité social comme c'est également le cas, par Exemple, pour l'indemnisation mise and place dans le cadre du fund amiante "The designed regulation does not fall under the competence of the Federal Government on Social Security (within the meaning of article 6, § 1, VI, fifth paragraph, 12 °, of the special law of 8 August 1980 'to reform institutions'). The Designed measures set a right to financial allowance in the form of a capital and of a reimbursement in funeral costs, in favor of the beneficiaries of a volunteer who died of COVID-19. The designed regulation, which can be considered to grant "gratifications" within the meaning of Article 179 of the Constitution, has a benefit to certain persons, not because of the need in which they are in, [1] but as "support the Voluntary deployment of [the volunteers] for the benefit of the population as a whole ". [2] Determination of an allowance to the entitled parties of a volunteer in the event of the death of the volunteer and in the funeral costs, thus belongs to the residual competence of the federal government. Article 65. Pursuant to Article 6, 3 °, of the draft are also considered as "volunteer" within the meaning of the draft decision to perform the students who perform student work, and who, in view of the conditions of Article 17bis of the Royal Decree of 28 November 1969 [[ 3] (as the maximum number of working hours, among other things) does not fall under the application of the law of 27 June1969. [4] Thus activities are under the application of the Discharge RP decision that are much more spacious than the unpaid volunteer work referred to in Article 6, 1 °, of the design, or then the specific activities referred to in Article 6, 2 °, of the design. It is true from the report to the king that the tailgers of the Design believes that "very wide scope of application should not yield many situations, because very many activity sectors where volunteers usually work, have to do with the safety measures and no activity is currently being carried out". Happet the indefinite nature of the activities of student labor, And entertainment the validity of the designed measures for a period until July 1, 2020 (i.e. In a period of which it is not yet known which safety measures will apply and which activities will already be permitted), the wide regulation of Article 6, 3 °, of the design does not appear to be complete strips with the intention of the Stellers. It is advisable that De Stellers Opdit Punt subjects a new investigation. Article 266. In the Dutch Text Moet "579/6 °" are replaced by "579, 6 °". Article 307. Article 30, first paragraph, of the Design stipulates that the Decree to be taken has effect from 11 March 2020. Provide retroactively to the decision to be taken is strictly necessary. It is all required to be able to provide for (the entitled parties of) a volunteer before the date of announcement of the COVID-19 Decree or has died. The application of the designed measure in the time to "deaths arising in the period between 10 March 2020 and 1 July 2020". However, the king may, by a decision submitted in the Council of Ministers, "extend this period without being allowed to last longer than the period in which he may exercise the authorizations granted by the law of 27 March 2020". July 2020 the authorized representative stated the following: "Cette Date a été fixéelors de l'élaboration initial du Projet Tenant compte compte of information's qui étaient Disponibles à la Possible Évolution et durée de l'épidement. Aujourd'hui, il n'y a guère encore de certitudes à cet égard.l'Objectif de la Mesure Estd'ENCourager La poursuite de l'Engeeu des Volontaires sur le leur intervention each Est Semblenters UNE Lesdularage des Volontaires Disponibles. And Prenantcette Mesure, L'Intention Est Aussi De Montrer Que le Risque Pris PAR Les Volontaires Est Apprécié, Quele Sector Est Soutenu et Que L'Etat S'engage and Ne Restant Pas Stat ique face à certaines situationsextrêmes qui pourraient se présenter.D'autres dates de fin de période auraient pu être mentionnéesmais aucune n'offre la garantie de coller au mieux aux réalités qui seront celles du moment choisi pourla fin de la période."De beperking van The extension possibility to the period in which Debij Law of 27 March 2020 expired of special powers expired was the follower as followed: "C'est Pour Cette Raison également qu'une Possibilité de Prolongation par un Ardélibéré and Conseil des ministres a été prévue. Sa Mise en Oeuvre Éventuelle Sera Conditionnée Par Ladurée des Pouvoirs Spéciaux. "8.2In principle, the regulator is free to limit the scope of a regulation over time, all the more if it is inspired by a crisis situation. The ground-based principle of equality and non-discrimination requires in that case that the award-created, between cases who do and Not covered by the scope, on an objective criterion -storage and is fairly responsible. The existence of such a accountability must be assessed with the purpose and consequences of the disputed measure and with the nature of the pocket -making principles; The principle of equality and non-discrimination has been violated when it is established that there is no reasonable link between the means used and the intended purpose. Department of legislation, in the context of this request for advice does not have the factual data for the date from 1 July 2020 in this regard. It may, however, be noted that it will have to be ensured that that date also answers the crisis situation in the light of the further evolutionary man. powers, however, does not seem to be pertinent anyway, since an opinion on the division of powers between the legislative and executive in itself has little to do with the extent to which volunteers expose themselves to the risk of infection with the coronavirus in the context of the crisis situation . [5] 9. Article 30, third paragraph, of the draft stipulates that the decree also "applies to deaths that occur after the period referred to in the second paragraph, if the proof of the volunteer by COVID-19 before the end of The period referred to in the second paragraph has been delivered in accordance with one of the methods of the following question in Article 7, second paragraph,. The design, which reads as follows: "To be taken into account, the activity must have been carried out during the period from 1 March 2020 until the endevan The period referred to in Article 30, second paragraph". means the condition regarding the evidence in Article30, second paragraph, that, at the same time, it must be proven that the infection took place before the period referred to in Article 30, second paragraph? or refers to that condition on providing the certificate (and is possible So it is no longer delivered after the end of that period)? "The authorized response to this as follows:" Si unne Personne Exerce Le 30 Juin 2020 une activité the Volontaireentrant Dans le Champ d'application de l'rrêté and Projet, est contaminée par le Covid-19 à Cette Date, et décède le 20 Juillet 2020, son Ayant-Droit Pourra être indemnisé s'il apporte La Preuve Qe La contaminationa eu Lieu avant le 1er Juillet 2020.il Faut finant lie lie ltaminationa Eu De la Période Visée à l'Alinéa 2. Mais Cette Preuve Peut Évidemment être apporteaprès la fin de la Période Visée à l'Alinéa 2.le texte français est le texe original. Il prévoitque l'arrêté 'est également applicable aux décès survenus après la période visée à l'alinéa 2 si la preuvede la contamination du volontaire par le COVID-19 a été établie avant la fin de la période visée à l'alinéa2 (.. .). Le Présent arrêté est également applicable aux décès survenus aprèsla période visée à l'Alinéa 2 si le le le le le demandeur apporte la preuve que la contamination du volontaire parle covid-19 a eu lieon eag des Méthodes Prévues Parl'article 7, Alinéa 2.'et Pour le Textte Néerlandais: 'This decision also applies to the deaths after the period referred to in the second paragraph if the applicant provides proof that the debate of the volunteer by the COVID- 19 took place before the end of the period meant DIN the second paragraph, according to one of the methods provided for in Article 7, second paragraph, "" The earning recommendation to implement the text change proposed by the authorized person. The registrar chairman Wim Geurts Marnix van Damme _________e notes [1] so that it is not a form of policy aimed at providing assistance to Mensdie in Need (GWH 14 October 1999, no. 110/99, B.7.5. 1.). This policy on social welfare, on the basis of Article 5, § 1, II, 2 °, of the special law of 8 August 1980 'to reform institutions' in principle for the jurisdiction of the communities. [2] See the Koning Report, joined the OM's advice submitted[3] Royal Decree of 28 November1969 'The implementation of the law of 27 June 1969 revision of the Decree Act of 28 December 19444 relevant the social security of the workers'. [4] Law of 27 June 1969 'revision of the decision law of 28 December 1944 on the social security of the workers'. [5] Incidentally, the special powers will in any case take an end for 1 July 2020, unless the legislative law of 27 March 2020 changes . In accordance with Article 7, first paragraph, of the law of 27 March 2020, the "authorization granted to the king by this law [...] three months after the entry into force of this law". The law entered into force on the date of announcement, being March 30, 2020. 4Juni 2020.-Royal Decree no. 22 establishing a compensation fund for the Volunteer Covid-19-Sictor Filip, King of the Belgians, to all who are now and below to vent, our greeting on the law of 27 March 2020 that authorization grants the Koningom to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II), Articles5, § 1, 3 ° and 5 °; on the Judicial Code, Articles 579, 704, § 2,1017, second paragraph, 1056, 3 °, and 1410, § 2, first paragraph; Having regard to the Income Taxes1992, Article 38, § 1; in view of the article 6, second paragraph, of the Law of 27 March 2020 that authorization grants the king to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II), this decision is exempt from advice in view of the urgentness-motivated by the COVID-19 -Pandemie; Given the advice of D e Inspector of Finance, given on 15 April 2020; Having regard to the agreement of the Minister of Budget, dated 21APril 2020; In view of Article 8 of the Act of 15 December 2013 containing various provisions of administrative simplification, this Decree is exempt from a regulatory impact analysis. The urgency of the health risk that the Coronavirus COVID-19. Council of State, given on 6 May 2020, with application of Article 4, third paragraph, of the Law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes to take measures to the Koningom in the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (I); Mostly the fact that, as a result of the crisis related to the COVID-19 Pandemie, urgent measures are taken regarding the considerable health risk for the volunteers of the different associations working on the field and for whom the COVID-19-Beschetting cannot be covered currently In the event of death as a result of such infection in the context of their volunteer Gers Activities; Op the nomination of the Minister of Justice and of the Minister of Social Affairs and on the advice of the Ministers met in Council, we have decided and we decide: Chapter1. -Establishment and assignment of the compensation fund for the volunteers COVID-19 victims.ikel1. By Fedris, referred to by the law of 16 August 2016 with regard to the merger of the Fund for Work accidents and the Fund for Occupational Diseases, a "compensation fund for the Volunteer Covid-19 victims" is established, hereinafter referred to as "the COVID-19 Volunteer Fund" The COVID-19 Volunteer Fund is organically included in Fedris. The administration costs required for the assignments of the COVID-19 Volunteer Fund are borne by Fedris.art. 2. The COVID-19 Volunteer Fund has, under the conditions specified in this Decree, grant compensation as compensation before the damage arising for the volunteers, from an infection by the COVID-19.Art.3. The management of, supervision and control of the COVID-19 Volunteer Fund are carried out by the legal and regulatory provisions applicable to the management of, the supervision and control of Fedris. Supervision of and checking the COVID-19 Volunteer Funds Exercised by the government commissioners and the revisors designated to exercise the supervision of and decontrole of Fedris. Chapter 2. - Financing.art. 4. The income of the COVID-19 Volunteer Fund consists of a grant of the federal state. This dotation is registered on the budget of the FPS Social Security. The grant is paid by trimestrial disk, at the latest at the end of the first month of the trimester, to the COVID-19 Volunteer Fund. High financing or the deficit of financing when taking out the accounts of the COVID-19 volunteer fund will be regularized: In the event of a deficiency of financing, the dotation do will be increased by the corresponding amount the following year; In the event of excessive financing ovation, the COVID-19 Volunteer Fund refund this to the State.art. 5This fund will be established Buitrsz-Global Management as referred to in Article 5, first paragraph, 2 °, of the Law of 27 June 1969 on the Decree Act of 28 December 1944 on the social security of the workers. - application area.art. 6. For the purposes of this Decree, it should be understood to mean "volunteer": 1 ° the volunteer within the meaning of Article 3, 2 °, of the Act of 3 July 2005 relevant the rights of volunteers; 2 ° the association worker within the meaning of Article 2 of the law of 18 July 2018 on the Economic Relance and the reinforcement of social cohesion that carries out the student of the activities as referred to in Article 3, first paragraph, 8., 16. and 17., of the same law; 3 ° the student in the meaning of Article 17bis of the Royal Decree of 28 November 1969 of the Law of 27 June 1969 revision of the Decree Act of 28 December 1944 on the social security of workers, which is withdrawn from the application of the law of the law of the law of the aforementioned 27 June 1969 revision of the Decree Act of 28 December 1944 on the social security of workers; 4 ° the voluntary ambulance officers within the meaning of Article 17quater, §3, 2 °, of the aforementioned Royal Decree of 28 November 1969, with the exception of this referred to by Article103, first paragraph, 4 ° and second paragraph of the Act of 15 May 2007 on civil security, which is withdrawn from the application of the law of 27 June 1969 to Article 17quater under Review of the decision law of 28 December 1944 on the social security of the workers.art.7. The COVID-19 Volunteer Fund contributes, under the conditions determined by or pursuant to this decision, when the volunteer has died as a result of an infection by COVID-19 in the context of deactivity that outside his or her house as a volunteer within the meaning of article 6 is performed. In order to be taken into account, the activity must be carried out during the period of 1 March 2020 to the end of the period referred to in Article 30, second paragraph. The proof that the death of the volunteer is the result of an infection with COVID-19 must be at the application for compensation intentioned in Article 14 and must be supported by: 1 ° or by means of a reliable laboratory test as recognized by Sciensano; 2 ° or by a suggestive clinical presentation by a compatible CT-thorax. The King can change the previous paragraph supplement in the light of the evolution of the scientific knowledge with regard to COVID-19. The fact that the volunteer is during the period referred to in the first paragraph, outside his or her house, acted as a volunteer must also be used for the application for compensation referred to in Article 14 are attached. Chapter4. -The allowance of the volunteers COVID-19 Fonds.art. 8. The COVID-19 Volunteer Fund meets after the death of a volunteer referred to in Article 6 for the benefit of the rightholders of the victim who are in his death at the time of his death. Rightholds of the victim must be understood: 1 ° the spouse who is not separated from the real, nor from the table and bed at the time of death, or the partner who legally lived with him at the time of the victim's death and, in accordance with Article 1478 of the Dutch Civil Code, an agreement had concluded with him that both parties mandatory for mutual estimation and which, even after a possible break, can have financial consequences; 2 ° the surviving spouse who is from real or the table and bed divorced and who enjoyed legal or conventional maintenance money at the expense of the victim, as well as, within the framework of a dissolved legislative home, the surviving partner who enjoyed conventional maintenance money at the expense of the victim; 3 ° the children, as long as they are entitled to child benefit and in each case up to the age of 18 years.art.9. The allowance is a capital. The person entitled to the person who died is entitled to: 1 ° a capital of 18,651.00 euros if he meets the conditions referred to in Article8, first paragraph, 1 °; 2 ° a capital of 9,325.50 euros if he answers to the conditions intended in Article 8, first paragraph, 2 °; 3 ° a capital of 15,542.50 euros if he answered the conditions referred to in Article 8, first paragraph, 3 °. The rights holders have a time of six months of the Death of the victim to submit an application.art.10. The COVID-19 Volunteer Fund pays a fee for funeral costs that corresponds to the actual costs, with a maximum of 1,020 euros, to the person who has worn it.art.11The allowance of the COVID-19 Volunteer Fund in favor of the victims can be fully cumulable with any other benefit granted by virtue of Belgian or foreign legislation, with the exception of the compensation that arises from the death of the victim under the laws concerning The compensation for occupational diseases and the compensation of the damage resulting from those diseases, coordinated on 3 June 1970 or of the law of 3 July1967 on the prevention of or compensation for work accidents, for accidents on the road to and from work and for occupational diseases in the government sector or of similar foreign legislation.art. 12. The allowance of the COVID-19 Volunteer Fund is not taken into account for determining the income that takes into account the granting of social performance depending on the income of a beneficiary, his partner, cohabiting, household or person charged. in particular for: 1 ° the reimbursements for primary work disability or for disability, granted in the context of the mandatory insurance and benefits for the compensation; 2 ° the allowances for persons with disabilities; 3 ° the living wage; 4 ° the social assistance; 5 ° the Income guarantee for the elderly. Chapter5. - Procedure.art. 13. Fedris rules upon application of the provisions of this decision -making any application for reimbursement submitted by the beneficiaries referred to in Article 8. These applications are addressed in writing or by electronically addressed to the fund. Department 1. - The submission of the applications.art. 14. The application for compensation referred to in Article 13 must, for admissions, be submitted by the victims of the victim: 1 ° or by means of the appropriate form that Fedris makes available to those involved. This form is composed of an administrative and a medical part. It must be accompanied by the requested supporting documents. The must be dated and signed by the rightholders of the victim; 2 ° by means of a electronic model available by Fedris. This model must be filled in corresponding instructions that occur in it.art. 15. The application submitted by Fedris, in accordance with Article14, has the date: 1 ° this of the postmerk, when it is submitted to a letter registered letter; 2 ° this of receipt of the application to Fedris, if it is submitted by ordinary Letter; 3 ° this from receipt of the electronic application for additional fedris, if it is submitted by means of the electronic model referred to in Article 14, 2 °. Department2. - The investigation of the applications.art. 16. Within fifteen days after the receipt of the application handlebar Fedris the applicant a receipt message. If the application does not contain all necessary eels that are required in the application form referred to in Article 14, 1 ° or 2 °, Fedrisdit reports the applicant to the applicant on the applicant Information or documents that must be sent to him at the end of the application to complete the application. After a month from the date when he was requested, the applicant does not yet provide the information or documents, Fedrishem will send a reminder to a Terp item Writing. This is not effective within the month, the application is rejected.art. 17. Fedris is obliged to address the National Register of Natural Persons for the information data referred to in Article 3, first and second member, of the Law of 8 August 1983 arranging a National Register of Natural Persons, or when it is the correctness of This information data checks. The appeal to a different source is only permitted to the extent that the necessary information data is not obtained from the National Register Tunnen.art. 18. In the context of the investigation of an application, Fedrisalle can take necessary measures, among other things, the organization and/or the applicant to be documented about the activity sector and on the circumstances under which the volunteer has carried out the activity in which he was exposed to the risk from contamination.art. 19. Fedris makes a decision on each application for allowance within a period of four months that began running from the moment the application is complete or has been substantiated from the end of the end of the installment in Article 16, last paragraph. The decision of Fedris is motivated and is brought to the knowledge of the applicant. This notification is made by a letter -registered letter. 8 August 1983 regulating a National Register for Natural PersonsHowever, this obligation can be deviated from at the written request of the person concerned addressed to Fedris. Department 3. - The payment.art. 20. The capital that is due under Article 9 is paid to the person entitled in one go, within the two months following the notification for which Article 19.Art. 21. The compensation intention in this Decree will be paid by the fund to the person entitled by means of transfers to a financial institution that has concluded an agreement with Fedris that the Model competent for Social Affairs. made a decision of the data subject. Department 4. - Conditions for the reimbursement for funeral costs.art. 22. With regard to applications for reimbursement of graph costs as referred to in Article 10, for the application of the procedures of this chapter, "entitled party" is "understood" the person who has supported this funeral costs ". - Disputes and prescription.art. 23. Appeal can be lodged against the decisions regarding the application of this decision. It must be submitted on pain of decay within three months after the service of the contested decision. 24. Article 579 of the Judicial Code, replaced by the law of 24 June1969 and amended by the laws of 16 August 1971, December 13, 2005 and 27 Décember 2006, and the Royal Decree of 6 September 2018, is supplemented with the provision under 7 ° , reading: "7 ° of debit disputes in connection with the allowances of the compensation fund for the Volunteer Covid-19 victims, established by Royal Decree No. 22 of 4 June 2020 establishing a compensation fund for the volunteers Covid-19 victims". Art. 25. In Article704, § 2, of the same Code, replaced by the law of December 13, 2005 and amended by the Act of 27 December 2006, the number "579, 7 °," is inserted between the number "579, 6 °," and the number "580, 2 °" .Art. 26. In Article 1017, second paragraph, 1 °, of the same code, replaced by the Act of 18 March 2018, the number "579, 7 °," is inserted between the number "579.6 °," and the number "580 , ". Art. 27. In Article 1056, 3 °, of the same code, replaced by the law of 12 May 1971 and amended by the laws of 30 June 1971, 20 June 1975, December 22, 1977 and December 27, 2006, the number "579, 7 ° becomes , "Inserted between the number" 579, 6 °, "and the number" 580, ". Art.28. Article 1410, § 2, first paragraph, of the Judicial Code, last amended by the law of 1 March 2019, is supplemented with the provision under 13 °, reading: "13 ° the amounts determined in Articles 15 and 16 of the Royal Decree Nr . 22 of 4 June 2020 established a compensation fund for the volunteers COVID-19 victims paid out as the intervention of the compensation fund for the volunteers COVID-19 victims. ". Art. 29. Article 38, § 1, of the Code of Income Taxes 1992 is supplemented with the provision under 36 °, reading: "36 ° The allowances of the compensation fund for the volunteers COVID-19 victims." Chapter8. - Final provisions.art. 30. This decision has effect from 11 March 2020. This decision applies to deaths that occur in the period between 10 March 2020 and 1JUli 2020. The King may, in the Council of Ministers, extend this period without this benefit Then the period in which he granted him to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 (ii) authorization may be implemented by the law of 27 March 2020. on the death of the period referred to in the second paragraph if the applicant provides proof that the infection of the Devrijwiller has taken place by the COVID-19 before the end of the period referred to in the second member, according to one of the provisions of Article 7, second paragraph methods.art. 31. The Minister has Die Justice under his authority and the minister who has social affairs under his authority, each with regard to him, charged with the implementation of this decision. Given in Brussels, 4Juni 2020. Filipvan Koningsweight: the Minister of Justice, K . De BlockPublication: 2020-06-15Numac: 2020202631Federal Public Service Social Security and Federal Public Service Employment, Labor and Social Consultation 4 June 2020.-Royal Decree No. 30 to amend the Royal Decree No. 17 of 4 May 2020 implementing Article 5, § 1, 3 °, of the law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the king to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II), with a view to providing deferment of payment to the certain employers of the amounts collected by the National Social Security Report to the Koningsire, Article5, § 1, 3 °, of the Law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the King to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus Covid- 19, authorizes to offer direct or indirection intersections to or to take protective measures for the affected financial sectors, the economic sectors, the profit and non-profit sector, the companies e in the households to limit the consequences of the Pandemiete. The draft of the Royal Decree that we will be adopted to Uwe Majesteituilding to amend the Royal Decree No. 17 of 4 May 2020 to implement article 5, § 1, 3 °, of the Law of 27 March 2020 that authorization grants the King to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II), with a view to providing deferment of payment to certain employers of the amounts collected by the National Service for Social security, which allows the employers who have been affected by the socio-economic consequences of the Coronavirus COVID-19 to grant a certain deferment of payment for amounts that have lapsed to the National Service for Social Security (NSSO). The vesting adjustments are justified by the need to clarify Royal Decree No. 17, partly in the light of the questions comments from both the social secretariats and the representative employers' organization. In addition, this Decree formalizes the way in which the deferred amounts should be on December 15, 2020 paid the way in which the civil sanctions (surcharges and interest) will again apply his in case of late payment from December 16, 2020. Until Slot, since the government has written that the crisis regarding the Coronavirus COVID-13 formed a situation of force majeure for the employers , it turned out to be consistent to provide an exemption with the sanction with regard to the late allowance of advances to prevent them from being sanctioned in certain circumstances under these crisis situations. The non-application of this sanction completes the system introduced by the aforementioned Royal Decree No 17 to avoid the application of other types of sanctions referred to in Articles 28 and following of the Act of 27 June 1969 revision of the Decree Act of 28 December 1944 on the social security of the workers and its implementing decision of 28 November 1969, in view of the economic situation in which the employers are located under Decrisis. The editors of the provisions were adjusted in accordance with advice 67,483/1 of the Department of State of 3 June 2020. article -by -article discussion art. 1Dezecaling integrates the adjustments to the Ministerial Decree of 23 March 2020 by ministerial decision of 8 May 2020. To this end, some references in Article 1 are amended. The provision in paragraph1, 3 ° concerns employers, non-essential companies that were in the impossibility of respecting the sanitary measures and therefore had to conclude on the basis of the aforementioned ministerial decree. In view of this provision no longer applies under its replacement with Article 2 of The ministerial decision of 30 April 2020 amending the Ministerial Decree of 23 March 2020 holding measures to limit the distribution of the COVID-19 Coronavirus, is statically referred to the Ministerial Decree of 23 March in the original version or as amended Ministerial Decree of 3 April 2020. Art. 2This provision specifies the period on which the postponement of payment strikes. It concerns the amounts due to the National Social Security Agency of the Dieverlallen from March 20, 2020 to December 15, 2020. It is also mentioned that the postponement of payment entails the amounts that are due under official judges by Dersz for the second quarter of 2020, nor on The advances for the third quarter 2020, the Balance Voor het third quarter 2020 and the first and second advance for the fourth quarter 2020. For this purpose, item 2, § 1, of the aforementioned KB No. 17 of 4 May 2020 is amended. 3DEZEPALING aims at the modalities of the deferment of payment to be determinedTo this end, an article 2/1 is inserted in the aforementioned KB No. 17 of 4 May 2020. In a first paragraph, the deadline for deferment of payment referred to in Article 2 is set at 31 -YULI 2020. For the sake of clarity, it is explicitly determined that the deferment of payment obtained before 31 July 2020 is retained until December 15, 2020. A second paragraph specified the extreme payment term of the amounts for which deferment of payment was obtained. These amounts and no later than 15 December 2020 to be paid to the National Social Security Office. In a third paragraph, periods are determined that the recognized social secretariats have to deposit the contributions they have received from their affiliates to the National Social Security Agency. In a fourth paragraph, the consequences of exceeding the final payment date (December 15, 2020) are determined. In the event of a late payment, the employer is omitted and delayed interest. Finally, a fifth paragraph states that the amounts that are at the time of submitting a statements of honor are expired and paid are not reimbursed by the NSSO. Art. 4thit article adds an article 3/1. This article stipulates that the flat -rate allowance that normally owes by employers who pay their quarterly pre -bulls at the time does not apply to the advances with regard to the first and second quarter 2020. Art.5thit article regulates the entry into force. An entry into force with retroactive effect to 20 March 2020 is indispensable for the achievement of an objective of general interest, in particular to mitigate the socio-economic consequences of the COVID-19 Coronavirus. The date of effects is the same as that of the amended KB No. 17 of 4 May 2020.Art. 6 Dit article designates the ministers who are charged with the implementation of the decision. I have to be Deeer, Sire, Van Your Majesty, the very respectful and very faithfuler, the Minister of Social Affairs, m. De Blocked Minister of Work, N.Muylleraad of State Department Legislation Advice 67.483/1, of 3 June 2020, ALS, a draft Royal Decree No.30 amending the Royal Decree no. 17 of 4 May 2020 implementing Article 5, § 1, 3 °, of the Law of 27 March 2020 grants the king to take measures in the fight against the spread of the COVID-19 (II), with the In view of the granting of payment to certain employers of the amounts collected by the National Social Security Service on 26 May 2020, the Council of State, Department of Legislation, was requested by the Minister of Social Affairs within a period of five -working days to provide an advice on A draft Royal Decree No 30 '' Change the Royal Decree No 17 of 4 May 2020 implementing Article 5, § 1, 3 °, of the Act of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the King to take measures in The fight against the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 (II), with a view to providing deferment of payment to certain employers of the amounts collected by the National Social Security Service. Amer investigated on May 28, 2020. The Chamber was composed of Marnix van Damme, Chamber President, Wilfried van Vaerenbergh and Wouter Pas, State Councils, Michel Tison and Johan Put, Assessors, and Wim Gevents. The report was published by Brecht Steen, first Auditor-department head. The sewage between the French and the Dutch text of the advice was checked under the supervision of Wouter Pas, State Council. The advice, the text of which follows below, was given on 3 June 2020.1. the legal basis in Article 5, § 1, 3 °, of the law of 27 March 2020 'that authorizes the king to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II)', the Stellers give of The draft rightly applies that pursuant to Article 4, third paragraph, of the law of 27 March 2020, which authorizes to take measures to the Koningom in the fight against the distribution of the COVID-19 (I) coronavirus, it is possible made an appeal to the procedure referred to in Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the coordinated laws on the Council of State, to request the legislation, to request advice "within a period of five working days "Without the urgent nature of the request for advice, special reasons still have to be changed. In accordance with Article 84, § 3, first paragraph, of DeWetten on the Council of State, the Legislation Division had to limit itself to the investigation of the authority of the statement of the act, of the legal basis, as well as whether the formal requirements are prescribed satisfied. Speaking and legal basis of the draft2The Public Prosecution Service of Royal Decree aims to bring a number of precisations and changes to Royal Decree No. 17 of 4 May 2020 (1) that aims for certain categories of workers taken by the measures to combat the COVID-19 Epidemie, under certain conditions to grant a deferment of payment of social security contributions under certain terms and conditions.. The design finds the law in Article 5, § 1, 3 °, of the law of 27 March 2020 'that authorizes the King to take measures in The fight against the distribution of the coronaviruscovid-19 (II) '. Research of the Text Hef4. In the first paragraph of Deaanhef, reference must be made to Article 5, § 1, 3 °, of the law of 27 March 2020 (ii). Article15. Since Article 1 of the Royal Decree No 17 is not subdivided into paragraphs, the Dutch text of the introductory sentence of Article 1 "§ 1" .6. In article 1, e), the draft is said that it concerns employers, commercial matters and shops that are concluded on the basis of Article 2, third paragraph, of the aforementioned ministerial decision of 23 March (not: April) 2020, amended by ministerial decree of 3 April 2020. According to the report, it is intended to refer to the king "statically" because the text of Article 2, third paragraph, no longer applies since the change of 30 April 2020. The change by Ministerial Decree of 3 April2020 However, only had an effect on 3 April 2020 so that as a result of the static reference, there is no multi -reference to the provision as it applied before that date. However, it is apparently not deployment that employers, commercial matters and stores that were closed before that date do not come for the payment deferment. Since Article 2, third paragraph, since the change of 30 April 2020 no longer exists, it seems better to supplement the existing provision as follows: "As it was before it was replaced by the ministerial decision of 30 April 2020" or to the Designed to formulate as follows: "The aforementioned ministerial decision of 23 March 2020 in the original version or as amended by ministerial decision of 3 April 2020". In any case, the Dutch text must be referred to in the Dutch text to the ministerial decision of "March 23" in Place of "April 23". article 27. OFFEN Dutch text of Article 2 of the draft writers "a)" instead of "b)". Article38. The designed Article 2/1, § 1, of the Royal Decree No 17 stipulates that disability to obtain a deferment of payment in accordance with Article 2, will lapse on 31 July 2020. In the report to the King, joined the draft, The first paragraph of Article 3 explained that the deadline for the applications for deferment of payment is determined on 31 July 2020. Sing in the cases of Article 2, §§ 2 and 3, of the Royal Decree No 17 is an application under the Form of a statement on honor, while in the case of Article 2, §1, of the Royal Decree No 17, a deferment of payment is automatically granted. If the intention of the Stellers is only foreseen in the deferment of the postponement in an expiration date, the designed Article 2/1, § 1, of the Royal Decree must be referred to "Article 2, §§ 2 and 3 "Instead of" Article 2 ". The Registrar Devoorzitterwim Geurts Marnix van Damme _________cillary (1) Royal Decree No. 17 of 4 May 2020 'to implement Article 5, § 1, 3 °, of the law of 27 March2020 that authorization grants the king to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II), with a view to granting a deferment of payment to certain employers of the amounts collected by the National Social Security Service. - Royal Decree No. 30 amending Royal Decree No 17 of 4 May 2020 to implement Article 5, § 1, 3 °, of the Law of 27 March 2020 that authorization grants the king to take measures in the fight against The spread of HE t Coronavirus COVID-19 (II), With a view to granting a deferment of payment to certain employers of the amounts collected by the National Social Security Service Filip, King of the Belgians, to all who will now be and hereinafter, our greeting. on the law of 27 March 2020 that authorization granted the King to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II), Article 5, § 1, 3 °; Having regard to Royal Decree Nr17 of 4 May 2020 to implement Article 5, § 1, 3 °, of the Law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes to take over measures to the King in the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 (II), with the Oogop the granting of payment to certain employers of the amounts collected by the National Service for Social Security; in view of the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on 19 May2020; in view of the agreement finding of the Minister of Budget, dated 20 May 2020; Given the law of 25 April 1963 on the management of the public utility institutions for social security and social precautions, Article 15, first paragraph; In view of the urgent necessity; having regard to Article 8 of the Act of 15 December 2013 containing various provisions on administrative simplification, this decision is exempt from a regulation impact analysis, given the urgency, the need for the needs to immediately the socio-economic consequences of the Coronavirus COVID-19 for companies to capture by providing certain employers a deferment of payment for the amounts that are degraded to the National Social Security Service; In view of advice 67,483/1 of the Council of State, given on 3 June 2020, in application of Article 4, third paragraph, of the Law of 27 March 2020, authorizing the King to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the coronaviruscovid-19 (i); predominantly the qualification of the Coronavirus Covid-19 as a pandemic by the World Health Organization (WHO) on 11 March 2020; quickly spreads around the world; On the nomination of the Minister of Social Business the Minister of Work and on the advice of the ministers met in the Council, we have decided: Article 1. Article 1 of the Royal Decree No 17 of 4 May 2020 to implement execution of Article 5, § 1, 3 °, of the law of 27 March 2020 that authorization grants the king to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II), with a view to the provision of deferment of Payment to certain employers of the amounts collected by the National Social Security Service, the following changes are made: a) In the determination below, b, the words ", tourist" are inserted between the words "recreational" and the words "and sporting sector "b) In the provision under 1 °, b, the words" Article 1, §6, of the Ministerial Decree "are replaced by the words" Article 1 of the Ministerial Decree "; c) in the provision under 1 °, c, the words ", tourist" are inserted t ussen the words "recreational" and the words "and sporting sector"; (d) in the provision under 1 °, c, the words "Article 1, § 6, of the Ministerial Decree" are replaced by the words "Article 1 of the ministerial decision"; e) In the provision under 3 °, the words "the aforementioned ministerial decision of 23 April 2020" are replaced by the words "the aforementioned ministerial decision of 23 March 2020, amended by ministerial decision of 3 April 2020 in the original version or as amended by ministerial decision from 3 April 2020 ".Art. 2. The following changes are made in Article 2 of the same decision: a) In paragraph 1, the words ", which will be canceled from 20 March 2020 and insofar as it concerns contributions that refers to performance for the third quarter of 2020." The words "and which expire from 20 March 2020 to 15 December 2020, with the exception of: 1 ° the contributions set by the aforementioned National Service with regard to the second quarter of 2020 in application of Article 22 of the Act of 27 June 1969 revision of the Decree Act revision of December 28, 1944 on the social security of the workers; 2 ° the advances for the third quarter 2020; 3 ° the balance for the third quarter 2020; 4 ° the first and second advance for the fourth quarter of 2020"; b) In paragraph 2, the words" the same deferment of payment referred to in paragraph 1 on condition that they submit an Opeer "are replaced by the words" until December 15, 2020 the same deferment of payment referred to in paragraph 1 on condition that they are between 20 March 2020 and 31 July 2020 a statement to honor "c) In paragraph 3, the words" a deferment of the following amounts will be:- the balance of the contributions owed for the first quarter of 2020; - the Saldovan the contributions that are due for the second quarter of 2020; - the debit message for the regulation of the annual holiday of manual workers regarding the holiday year 2019;- the advances for the second quarter of 2020; - the legislative settlements that have been canceled; - the permanent payment of the current installment plans top condition that they have to be submitted to an honor "replaced by the words" the same deferment of payment intended in paragraph 1 on condition that they have a statement on the first ends between 20 2020 and 31 July 2020 ".Art . 3. In the same decision, an Article 2/1 is inserted, reading: "Art.2/1. § 1. The possibility of obtaining a deferment of payment in accordance with Article 2, §§ 2 and 3 expires on 31 July 2020. The deferment of payment obtained before 31 yuls 2020 will be retained until December 15, 2020. § 2. The amounts For which the employer -changing Article 2 has obtained a deferment of payment, must be paid to the National Social Security Agency on 15 December 2020. § 3. Contrary to Article34, paragraph 5, of the Royal Decree of 28 November 1969 implementing the law of 27 June1969 revision of the Decree Act of 28 December 1944 on the social security workers, the recognized social secretariats have a period of time Until 23 December2020 at the latest to the contributions they have received from their affiliates and that relate to the lapses for the first and second quarter 2020 and to the debit message for the annual holiday man Manual workers for the 2019 holiday year, to the National Social Service for Social Certainty. In deviation from the first paragraph, the deposits received to the rights of contributions that were drawn up during the period of the deferment of payment must be transferred by individual deposits at the latest on 15 December 2020, the aforementioned government service. § 4. The employer who deposits the amounts for which a deferment of payment has been received not at the latest on December 15, 2020 is a contribution surcharge of 10 pCt at the aforementioned government service. of the amount due and a delay interest of 7 pCt. per year owed. The interests are calculated from December 16, 2020 until the day on which the payment of the balance takes place. § 5. The postponement of payment does not relate to the amounts docked by the National Service for Social Security that have fallen and paid in sections 2 and 3 at the time of the submission of the Declaration. These amounts cannot be the object of single -back payment by the aforementioned government service. ". Art. 4. In the same decision, an article3/1 is inserted, reading:" Art. 3/1. The fixed reimbursement due to the non-compliance with the obligations of payment of advances referred to in Article 54bis of the aforementioned Royal Decree of 28 November 1969 does not apply for the first and second quarter 2020. ". Art. 4. This decision has elaboration with effect of 20 March 2020.Art 5. The Minister competent pre -social matters and the minister are competent for work, each with regard to him, charged with the implementation of this decision. Given in Brussels, 4 June 2020.filip of Koningswege: the Minister of Social Affairs, m. De Blocked Minister of Work, N.Muylle