Publication: 2020-05-28Numac: 2020021011ministerie of the French Community 20 May 2020.-Decree of the government of the French Community of special powers no. 12 containing the year 2020 of the decree of 18 January 2018 establishing a land register of subsidies in the French Community, in the context of the health crisis of COVID-19DE Government of the French Community, in view of the decree of 18 January 2018 establishing one-present of subsidies in the French Community; having regard to the decree of 17 March 2020 special powers to the government in the context of the COVID-19 Health crisis, Article 1, § 1, g; In the context of the COVID-19 Health crisis, every situation that argues in the context of the COVID-19 Pandemics, the consequences must be prevented urgently and treated on pain of serious danger; Mostly the decision of the Minister of Security and Interior of 23 March 2020, amended on 17 April 2020, on emergency measures to limit the distribution of the COVID-19 Coronavirus, the for all non-essential companies, regardless of their size, has made it obliged Home telework for all staff members whose office is suitable for this purpose; Whereas, on the one hand, the exceptional conditions for telework that the government services are obliged to take, so that they do not have access to paper dossiers at the workplace to the answer to the display of the to prepare the aforementioned decree of January 18, 2018, and, on the other hand, the overload these same services to do with the decisions of the government following the SonVirus crisis to improve the treatment of the requests for the benefits of the French community service requests ; Whereas it is therefore impossible to obtain the periods 2 and 4 of the Decree of 18 January 2018 of 15 June 2020 within the pre -subsidies for the 2019 financial year; term of 15 June 2020 for the transmission of the report to the parliament and, on the other hand, of the date of 30 June 2020 for putting all subsidies granted between 1 January 2019 and 31 December 2019 online; Parliament to be made as complete as possible of the land register of the subsidies granted between 1 January 2019 and 31 December 2019; to extend for the following years and in that sense will remain limited to the strictly necessary; eight of the Minister of Budget; after deliberation, Decree: Article 1. Contrary to Article 2 of the Decree of 18 January 2018 establishing a Land Registry of Subsidies in the French Community, the Government will submit a report with all Subsidies that have been granted by the subsidizing organization under the competence of the French Community between 1 January and 31 December 2019. Art. 2. Contrary to Article 4 of the same decree, the Government puts all subsidies that are granted by the subsidizing Organizer under the competence of the French Community at no time between 1 January and 31 December 2019, have been awarded online in a database die on a special Website will be announced. Considering the evolution of the crisiskan, the government decide to extend this communication period by one month. This extension may once be renewed.Art. 3. The Minister of Budget is responsible for implementation Vandit Decree.art. 4. This decision comes into effect the day on which it is signed.brussel, 20 May 2020. For the government: the Prime Minister, P.-Y. Jezholetdeminister of Budgeting, Civil Service, Equal Opportunities and the Supervision of WBE, Fr. DaardPublication: 2020-05-28Numac: 2020021012ministerie of the French Community 20 May 2020.-Decision-containing special powers no. 13 of the government of the French Community on support to the media sector in the context of the health crisis of COVID-19TE Government of the French Community , In view of the decree of 17 March 2020 to the granting of specialty workers to the government in the context of the health crisis in connection with the COVID-19, Article 1, § 1, g), given the advice of the Finance Inspectorate, given on 27 April 2020; in view of the agreement of the Minister of Budget of 30 April 2020; Having been carried out in view of the "Gentertest" of 3 April 2020 with application of Article 4, second paragraph, 1 °, of the Decree of 7 January 2016 integration of the gender dimension in the whole of the policies of the French Community; in view of the urgent need to quickly take measures to support the audiovisual media sector and the shown sector the press, which have been seriously affected by the measures taken in the context of combating the COVID-19, in order to compensate for the loss of income of these services, in particular with regard to the actors whose viability is threatened; . 67.344/4 of the Council of State, given on 11 May 2020, in application of Article84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973; Minister of Security and Home Affairs of 23 March 2020 in emergency measures to limit the distribution of the COVID-19, last amended by the Decree of the Minister of Security and the Interior of 8 May 2020, which provides for enforcement of the necessary restraints up to and including May 17, 2020; Whereas the Decree of the Government of the French Community of 7 April 2020 containing Special Powers No. 2 of the government of the French Community establishing an emergency and support fund to support the actors in the sectors that depend on the Federation Wallonia-Brussels to reason for the COVID-19 epidemic; predominantly the current and future measures that are taken to limit the spread of the virus under the residence, not only during the prohibition period but also in the following weeks, a significant influence on advertising -Income in the audiovisual media and the written press; Mostly the sector of the audiovisual media and the written press suffer from the paradox of an increasing public and at the same time heavy losses in advertising income, in particular as a result of the economic delay, the closure of trade and the restraint of advertisers for their products or services in any way associated with the current pandemic; predominant priority must be given to support for operators whose financial viability and employment are threatened, in particular, in view of the extent of loss of income, but even the importance for the democracy of support to the media; on the nomination of the Minister of Minister Media; after deliberation, decision: Article 1. within the limits of debtroting credits that are provided for in the context of the COVID-19 Emergency and Support Fund, the Government of Audiovisual Media Services and the written press can of the French community whose viability is threatened, reimbursement to compensate for part of the loss of income, provided that the conditions referred to in Article2 are met. The compensation referred to in the previous paragraph is referred to in the previous paragraph "press title" and per "sound broadcaster or television media service", i.e. per brand, name of name of press title or sound broadcast or television media service, regardless of the possible variations on the different temporary or distribution media. Art. 2. § 1. The fees referred to in this Decree are only granted if the losses they must cover are the result of the application, from 10 March 2020, of the measures taken to combat the distribution of the COVID-19TE. When calculating the reimbursement, the loss of own income and additional costs, as well as the reduction of the operating costs, is taken into account. In the same fee may not be granted if the costs it must cover are already carried out elsewhere. § 2The applicant provides all the evidence that shows that: 1 ° the amount of the requested compensation corresponds to the loss of receipts or income, reducing the reduction of operating costs and the result of the measures taken to spread the COVID-19 to fight; 2 ° the amount of loss of income the viability threats of his company by presenting supporting documents that shows that on the basis of his cash flow, he is no longer able to cover certain operating costs that are essential for the exercise of his activities; 3 ° the main activity of the main activity is of the data subject title or sound broadcast or television media service or contributing to the reorientation of the cultural sector, in particular by drawing attention to the importance of the cultural sector until the end of the year 2020, in addition to its legal obligations and its initial commitments at the allocation of his radio frequency (s) for music works by authors, composers, interpreters or music producers who have their place of residence, standing standards in the French language area or in the bilingual area of ​​the Brussels-Capital Region; 4 ° measures have been taken the editors t sets to continue to function optimally, so that the quality of the information retention remains; 5 ° a minimum number of freelancers in the company is retained, except for the reason for the interruption of cooperation is not related to the health crisis; 6 ° the press title or the linear sound broadcast or television media service for which the application is submitted falls under the authority of the French Community; 7 ° he undertakes that no dividends will be paid to the shareholders for 2019; 8 ° Hijalle competent authorities, including those of the other administrative levels, have requested all support for which he is eligible. A separate request is submitted for each press title or sound radio or television media service. Art. 3. This decision comes into effect the day on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. Art. 4. The Minister of Media is taxed with the implementation of this decision. Brussels, May 20, 2020. The Prime Minister, P.-Y.Jholetde Minister of Child, Health, Culture, Media and Women's Rights, B. Linard.