Publication: 2020-10-30numac: 2020031565 Regional Public Service Brussels Tax Call for External Mobility to the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation1) Eenattaché (M/F/X) - For the Brussels Fiscity Regulations - Municipal Current Management (Ref. 2020//// Spokesperson): there is a position of attaché (rank A1) belonging to the Dutch language framework for vacant at the Regional Public Service Brussel Discity (GOBF); The relationship can be filled through external mobility on the basis of the Decree of the Brussels -Capital Government of 27 March 2014 on the Mobility Mobility Regulation in some institutions of the Brussels -Capital Region. The external mobility applies to the public utility institutions mentioned in article 23 Under the federal state, the communities the other regions; the Flemish Community Commission, the French Community Commission and the Community Committee's Commission; The institutions of public utility that fall under the Brussels -Capital Region. This relationship is exclusively reserved for statutory staff members (rank A1) that are in the possession of a diploma of university education. This Attaché will be employed by the Brussels Taxation Regional Public Service - Customer Management. The job description of this relationship can be found on the following website: https://fiscality.brussels/nl/jobs. The relation is a matter of function code 2020/CLI_NL/spokesperson. For the transfer via external mobility only the staff members (rank A1) that are in service activity, have at least two -year grades and at least have received a mention of the entry "favorable". Interesting people are requested to serve their candidacy via email to: job_bf@fisc.brussels for Mr D. de Smedt, Director-General of the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation, Kruidtuinlaan 20, 1035 Brussels and this at the latest 08/11/ 2020. In the candidacy, the name, first names, appointment date, administration status and the precise details of the administration from which the candidate is from is stated. A detailed curriculum vitae must be attached as well as a comprehensive motivation letter a copy of the most recent appointment decision . The candidates who are on top all Elder Conditions will be invited for a job interview.