Publication: 2020-06-22Numac: 2020041780federal Public Service Economy, K.M.O., Midden and Energy15 June 2020.-Royal Decree No. 32 containing urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 with regard to some postal filip, King derbelgen, to All who are now and will then be, our greeting on the Act of 27 March 2020, which authorizes the king to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II), Articles 2 and 5, § 2; In view of the Act of 26 January 2018 on postal services, Articles 3, 4, 16 and 25; Having regard to the Royal Decree of 24 April 2014 on regulations of the postal service; in view of Article 46 of the Judicial Code; in view of the law; of 15 December 2013 containing various provisions with regard to administrative simplification, Article 8 § 2, ° 1 and 2 °; Having regard to the advice of the Inspector of Finance, given on 14 May 2020; in view of the Akko; Ordinquiring of the Minister of Budget of 29 May 2020; Having regard to the advice 67.539/4 of the Council of State, given on 11 June 2020, in application of Article 4, third paragraph, of the Law of 27 March 2020 that authorization granted the Koning to To take measures to take in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (i); on the nomination of the Minister of Post and on the advice of the Meeting Meminers in the Council, we decided and we decide: Article 1. § 1 . Contrary to Article 8, § 1 of the Royal Decree of 24 April 2014, the regulations of the post service, the registered shipments will be delivered without signing for receipt by the addressee or his proxy. The verification of the identity of the addressee or his proxy -in -law Article 8, § 1 of the above Royal Decree remains unchanged.§ 2. By way of derogation from Article 8, § 2 of the Royal Decree of 24 April 2014, holding of the postal service, the registered are registered Shipments intended for a factual association or a society without legal personality issued without signing for receipt by one of the partners or members, or their authorized representative. A verification of the identity of the recipient finds place in accordance with the modalities provided for in Article 8, § 1 of the aforementioned Royal Decree 3. Contrary to Article 10, § 2, 4 ° of the Royal Decree of 24 April 2014 regulations of the postal service , in the event of effective delivery of the shipment to which it relates, the receipt only contains the name of the person receiving the shipment and the date of this reception. § 4. Contrary to Article 15 of the Royal Decree of 24 April 2014 on regulations of the Postal Service, registered postal shipments are issued without marking to the person authorized to receive them. A verification of the identity of the recipient takes place, in accordance with the modalities provided for in Article 8, § 1 of the above Royal Decree.Art. 2. Contrary to Article 46, §1, second paragraph of the Judicial Code, the receipts of the court letters that are set are not signed and dated. The postal services report this unity with the words "COVID-19 procedure" at the bottom of the receipt or by means of an electronic application in the case of an electronic receipt. 3. This decision has elaborated with effect on 13 March 2020 and applies until 31 August 2020. The Koningkan, adopted by a decision after consultation in the Council of Ministers, the end date -adapted in the first paragraph. 4. The minister competent for the postal services is responsible for implementation Vandit Decree in Brussels, 15 June 2020.Filip van Koningsweight: Deminister of the Post, Ph. The backerPublication: 2020-06-19Numac: 2020041783waalse Government Service 11 June 2020.-Decision of the Walloon Government of Special Powers No. 42 concerning the granting of specific support to the families regarding gas and electricity in the context of the Sanitary Crisis COVID-19 Report to the Walloon government, 1. General presentation on April 22, the government has decided to grant a one -off support of 100 euros to families equipped with an electricity budget meter and 75 euros to families equipped with a gas budget meter to help to repay the debt they are at their supplier during the lockdown period will have approached. In this decree it is proposed to provide this support by means of a new charge of the budget meter. The support can be provided until October 30. If some families do not reclaim their support according to plan, the budget balance will be assigned to the OCMWs, who can provide extra support to families who are under the budget meter and who have difficulty paying off their debt with Hun supplier. In addition, support is provided to precarious families that are affected by a procedure for the installation of a budget meter before March 18 and that were held due to the Lockdown period in delivery X because of the Lockdown period. This support will also be provided via the OCMW.2. Comment on The articles in Article 2, first paragraph, the provisions are determined for the allocation of the support via the budget meter and for the adjustment of the meter at the time of the award of the support. In the second paragraph, the obligations of the distribution network managers are specified with regard to informing customers about the provisions established to comply with Article 1 of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 18 March on the emergency measures in the budget meter. It is also determined that the families must be informed once a month of the way in which the support is provided. In paragraphs 3 and 4, the procedures describe for drawing up the measurement of consumption for families who have used the aforementioned BWR, and for suppliers to send a regularization invoice within 30 days stating the consumption for the period in which the prepayment was suspended. Paragon 4 stipulates that the supplier must repay the balance within a time period that is in accordance with his general terms and conditions and no later than 30 days in the event of a positive balance. Inaragraaf 5 are specified the procedures that apply in the event of non-payment of the regularization invoice. The usual procedures (reminder, notice of default, conclusion of a payment plan) apply to the regularization invoice. Contrary to the usual rules, the costs in connection with these procedures are limited to a maximum of 5 euros per energy, as specified in paragraph 7. Section 6 provides for the adoption by the Government Regulations for the reimbursement of the unpaid sums of this regularization invoice. In article 3, the conditions under which the distribution network managers have received the number of customers who have received assistance must register and report, and this information must be communicated to the suppliers The administration. The procedures for sending the declarations of debt claim from the supplier and social supplier to the administration, the control of these declarations and their payment thereof are also specified by the administration. Article 4 stipulates that specific resources are made available of the OCMWs, based on the number of families that their municipality enjoys the living wage inside, to help families equipped with a budget meter with the refund of the residual debt of the aforementioned regularization invoice, or precarious families involved are in a procedure for the installation of a budget meter before March 18, 2020. In article 5, the sentence is "all current procedures for placement of a budget meter are canceled. Customers remain supplied by their supplier in accordance with their current contract." of Article 2 of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 18 March 2020 on the emergency measures regarding the budget meter, replaced by Erratum on 2 April 2020. This cancellation was made necessary by the substantial operational costs that this provision brought for the network managers and suppliers. It could also have leaded to incomprehension among the customers involved, due to conflicting information, and to additional costs for these households, that connection with the collection of existing debts from their supplier. Advice from the Council of State No. 67470/4 of 2 June 2020 Act on 25 May 2020 Division is the Council of State, Division Legislation, Door The Vice-Minister President and Minister of Climate, Energy and Mobility of the Walloon Region requested to provide an advice on a period of five working days about one Design decision of the Waalssekegoing `concerning the granting of specific support to the families regarding gas and electricity The framework of the sanitary crisis Covid-19'. The design was examined by the fourth room 2 June 2020. The Chamber was composed of Martine Baguet , Chamber President, Luc Cambier and Bernardblero, state councils, and Charles-Henri van Hove, added clerk. The report was issued by Anne Vagman, first auditor, the advice of which follows below, was given on 2 June 2020. According to Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws `on the Vanstate 'council, coordinated on January 12, 1973, the request for advice in particular must be given the reasons to support the urgent nature. The statement of reasons in the letter is as follows: "The reason for urgency is as follows: in view of the urgent necessity to provide specific support after the exceptional health crisis in connection with COVID-19 and the consumption thereof in terms of uncertainty, with Energy name; In view of the need to reduce the non -legal uncertainty for the network operators, suppliers and families concerned by the change of the Walloon government's decision of 18 March 2020 on the emergency measures regarding the budget meter ". first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws 'Op de Raad van State', coordinated on January 12, 1973, the legislation department in accordance with Article84, § 3, of the aforementioned coordinated laws, limits its investigation into the legal basis of the draft, the competence of the the author of the action and the prior formal requirements to be fulfilled. What is three points, the design gives rise to the following comments. Along-general remarks1. The draft decision aims at the introduction of support in favor of certain gas and electricity consumers in the form of support of the Wallets Region of 75 or 100 EUR, depending on the case, for the costs of the gas and electricity facade Tuur. According to Article 5 of the Project, the possible balance of the budget that remains after the payment of these financial statements, after a social investigation, will be assigned to the OCMWs for the invoices referred to in Article 2 (3) of the project, with a view to payment of the electricity or gas invoices of precarious families. He also intends Article 2 of the Walloon Government Decree of 18maart 2020 `regarding the emergency measures regarding the budget meter 'by levying the following sentence:" All current procedures for the placement of a budget meter are canceled. Customers remain by their supplier In accordance with their current contract supplied ".2. The ground for the draft decision is Article 33bis/2 of the Decree of 12 April 2001 "concerned organization of the Regional Electricity Market" and Article 32 of the Decree of 19 December2002 `concerning the organization of the regional gas market 'article 33bis/2 of the decree of the decree of 12 April 2001 stipulates the following: "During weekend and evening periods, the supply of electricity by the distribution network manager may not be interrupted as a result of the use of the advance payment function. The government determines these periods and the recovery modalities". As follows: "§ 1. After advice from the CWAPELEGT, the government, the network operators, clearly defined, transparent, non-discriminatory openbared service obligations for which the CWAPE followed by the CWAPE. It includes the following obligations: 1 ° the safety, regularity and quality of the gas supply insurry; 2 ° on di Enstantification to the users: a) Without prejudice 5 °, just hures up every end customer who demands it, connect to the prices that are announced in accordance with Article15; b) install the measurement and counting devices and manage the whole of the measurement and counting data that required for the management of the network and the market processes; c) uniform complaint service; d) respect the objectives regarding the CWAPE in consultation with the network operators, at least with regard to the data exchange with the suppliers, the applications for connection or change of the connection [2, including the placement of the budget meters, the management of the complaints of the users of the network and the management of the reimbursement applications and the procedure that entitles you to the respective performance Vanelke Distribution Set manager to these objectives is annual announced by the Cwapee) (..) f) The communication of the measurement data to allow each customer to practice the rights he acquires by the fact that he is eligible; g) the burden relevant the financial guarantee that Article 25quinquies, § 2 with the exception of the last for the guarantee that is compiled to ensure the reimbursements in the event of a serious error, as well as the management costs of the reimbursement mechanisms of Section III of Chapter IV; h) validate the indexop measurements of DEPUTERS and transfer it to the supplier on the basis of a periodicity that has for at least three months, for information purposes or for a simulation of the consumption or for adjustments of the advances taking into account the flattening of the consumption over 12 months; i) (...) J) Provide the adjusted structure so that any change of transmission grant users will receive receipt within three weeks after receipt of receipt of the application is being carried out. "3 ° at a social level, in particular: a) the Maatr defined by the government take egelen when a final buyer fails to pay his supplier; b) the delivery of gas to the protected customers at the social rate insure; the possible difference set between the social rate applied to the regional protection customer referred to in Article 31bis, § 1, 2 ° and 3 ° and § 2, and the social rate applied the federally protected customer referred to in Article 31bis, § 1, 1 °, will continue to insure the placement and budget meter in accordance with Article 31ter. Finally, for the distribution network operator, for reasons arising from defects that are due to him, the placement period laid down by the government, he will owe the supplier who has submitted the placement application for budget meter, a flat -rate allowance of which the calculation method is determined by the amount Government after advice from the CWAPE; d) temporarily and in specific cases that the government provides, insure delivery to end customers who temporarily do not have a delivery agreement; e) hold a meeting at least once a year with the local committees for energy active in their territory , to draw up an annual report of their activities including any problems that may arise in the context of the activities of the local committees for energy; 4 ° on environmental protection, in particular: a) give priority regarding connection and access to gas from insofar as they have compatible is me t the gas from hetnet; b) free every residential customer whose installations are up to 8 meters from the main pipeline of the distribution network with any road transition, connecting. The network operator can proceed to the invoicing of the free connection partc) At the request of the producers and within the limits of their own needs, including the delivery, the final customers in the cases referred to in this decree, gas from renewable energy sources produced into the distribution or transmission network by installations established in the Walloon region Buy a guaranteed price according to the modalities determined by the government after advice from Decwape; d) at the request of the producers, guarantees of origin granted to the gas from renewararaergy sources produced and injected into the distribution or transmission network established by corresponding article 34 in the Walloon Region established in the Walloon Region Buy installations at a guaranteed price according to demodalities determined by the government after advice from the CWAPE; e) determined within the limits in the technical regulations and according to the distribution modalities of the economic burdens determined by deregering and announced in the rates of the network operator, any producer, there far Looking for connecting an injection module of gas from renewable energy sources at the request of the producer of that gas outwork and operating "; 5 ° any expansion of the gas network, which is integrated by third parties interested in the investment plan, insofar as this investment economically motivated for the network manager, based on the data sent by this third person or the network operator is known; After advice from the CWAPE, the government is authorized to assess the methodology with which the economically motivated nature of an extension of the grid can be assessed, Tebellen; 6 ° on the rational use of energy: a) All measures take the rational use of energy for all categories of customers and in this regard Decomplete information of the users of the Net Insurance; b) rate formulas that promote the use of energy to the customers, with the exception of customers participating in the trade in greenhouse gas emission rights; c) it Inform the public at least once a year about the existing premiums for the rational use of energy or renewable energies on the tax reductions in this regard; d) offer energy services at competitive prices, in particular for socially weaker residential customers; 7 ° at the request of each final buyer to its consumption profile adapted m Placing eater, at the rate that is announced in accordance with article 15. After advice from the CWAPE, in consultation with the network operators, the government determines the obligations of the network operators in terms of the installation of intelligent meters; 8 ° insure the information of the users of the energy market in question; the government may further determine the content and communication methods of the information referred to in this point; 9 ° the administrative and technical interventions regarding the public service obligations, unless the government explicitly identifies the government after advice from the CWAPE; 10 ° connection facilities for the together natural gas compressed Develop under certain conditions that are reasonable and economically reasonable. § 2. With regard to the requests for expansion of the network by third parties as determined in § 1, 5 °, the obligations of the government company imposed on the network operators take into account the following provisions. After Advies Vande Cwape, the government determines the government form and the introductory modalities of the request for expansion of the net, as well as the period and the minimum content of the answer charged to the network operator who has submitted the request. The network manager is authorized to count a accounting reserve to the future costs of the above to pay the aforementioned extensions, without endangering the competitiveness of the consumption rate of the distribution network. The use of this accounting reserve can be integrated as a cost reduction in the calculation of the aforementioned return. The government determines the procedure and modes of construction and consciousness of this reserve, as well as the maximum man. When the investment is not recognized as economically motivated, every part-time interest in this net expansion can propose its financial contribution so that the project is economically motivated. The CWAPE Checks whether the network operator has correctly assessed the economic reasoning of a network extension. § 3. After advice from the CWAPE, Deregering determines the obligations that apply by or pursuant to § 1, that applies to a different network operator. The obligation in Article 32, § 1, 1 ° is in any case of application "As confirmed by the government's representative, none of these provisions offers adequate and adequate legal basis for the introduction of the mechanism in which the design text presents, namely the fixed support granted by the Walloon Region to certain gas and electricity consusers by means of an intervention of the region in the gas and electricity invoices and allocation of a possible budget balance to the OCMW, with a view to the granting of support the families for specific invoices. On the other hand, he can also find a legal basis in Article 1 of the Decree of 17 March 2020 `To the allocation of special powers to the Walloon Government in the context of the sanitary crisis COVID-19 ', which stipulates the following:" § 1. To enable the Walloon government to respond to the COVID-19 Depandemia, Can the government take all useful measures to prevent and treat every situation that problems states in the strict framework of the COVID-19 Pandemie and its consequences must be regulated by serious danger. § 2. The decisions determined in -terms of the current decree provisions may eliminate, supplement, change or replace even the matters that are explicitly reserved for the Decree on the Constitution. The decisions in particular may apply to administrative, civil and criminal punishments to determination to its violation. The criminal sanctions may not contain penalties that are higher than those that connects the completed, amended or replacement legislation on the relevant violations at the time of entry into force of this decree. In the DIT-Defit framework, the draft decision will be numbered and it will are subject to a later -class confirmation in accordance with Article 4 of the Decree of 17 March 2020. The Government Government does not lose sight of the fact that, in accordance with Article 3, § 2, of the Decree of 17 March2020, the draft decision to the chairman of parliament will be communicated before the known Makingervan in the Belgian Official Gazette (1) .2. It is proposed, even if Article 3bis, §1, paragraph 2, of the coordinated laws "concerning the Council of State" it does not formally prescribe, to publish a report to the government at the same time as the decision in which the scope and the concrete conspiracy of The decision is set out.3. Finally, in Advice No 67. 142/AG given on 25 March 2020 on a proposal that the law of 27 March 2020 "grants the Koningom to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-13 (i ) "And the Act of 27 March 2020" that authorizes the king to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II) "has given the legislation in this wording commentary on the possibility of the Executive to look for a legal basis, both integrated permissions and in a legal provision that grants the executive power special powers: "8. The mandatory ratification of all decisions taken on the basis of the pre -established scheme, even when this is from legal point of view is not strictly necessary. For example, it is possible that the King is taking measures or makes changes to regulatory provisions of animals on the basis of the ACTU legislation are part of its authority, but nevertheless provides legal basis in Article 5, § 1, of the proposal, for example because these associated with measures for which for which for which they must indeed appeal to the special powers or because the Specialteningswethem is allowed to ignore the provisions formal requirements. As a result of the reinforcement, obtaining or changed provisions of law determined or amended provisions. They can then be changed by means of a formal law. The king will no longer be able to change them, even if a specific provision authorizes him to take measures in this regard. In the past, the Council of State, the legislation department, has always advised against making changes to Special Female Decisions (2) ". Article6 of the draft decision aims at the amendment to Article 2 of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 18 March 2020 by the lifting of two sentences. This decree of 18 March 2020 has Article 33bis/2 of the Decree of 12, according to his April 2001 as a legal basis. It is not based on the decree of 17 March 2020 and is not numbered. It is therefore a common decision of the Walloon governmentIt is true that the change of the latter would not have established the difficulties in its advice No 67.142/AG by means of a decision of special powers, based on the decree of 17 March 2020, since the intention of two sentences of article 2 of the decision of 18 March 2020 to be canceled and not to add new provisions or to change existing provisions. While the change Vandeze would last by means of a decision of special powers, based on the decree of 17 March2020, do not cause the difficulties that the Legislation Division has stated in its Advice No 67.142/AG, since the intention is to levy two sentences of Article 2 of the Decree of 18 March 2020 and not to change them by adding or existing or existing to change provisions. From the point of view of legal certainty, however, it would be better to omit Article 6 of the design and huh t if necessary to approve autonomously. If the author of the draft the decision of 18 March 2020 wants to give the character of a decision of special powers, devoured content of the decision of 18 March 2020 must be included in a decision of special poweringat based on the decree of 17 March 2020, just like the draft decision. On this point, it must be reminded of more erosion that the draft that the decision of March 18 has not been brought to the legislation department. In this application for advice, the text in which the content of this decision is included a decision of special powers, also not brought to the legislation department. It is therefore not up to the legislation department to speak out. a new first paragraph is inserted, reading as follows: In view of the decree of 17 March2020 to the granting of special powers to the Walloon Government in the context of the Health Crisiscovid-19, Article 1; ". 2. Since the decrees of 12 April 2001 and December 19, 2002 No legal basis for the draft decision, they will not be stated in the preamble in the form of a lift reference, but they can be mentioned in the Considerans.3. In paragraph 7, in the French draft version, the words "22 Avril" replaced by the words "20 Mai" .4. Deconsider channels will be placed in the prospective after the support. The preamble will be referred to kel 2.1. In the first paragraph, in Defran's draft version, "30 Juin 2020" must be written instead of "30 Juin" .2. In Hetweede paragraph, "au plus tard à la Date Mentionnéeà l'Alinéa 1er" must be written in the French design version and the words "à l'ssue de Ladite période" must be replaced by the words "àcette date". 3. Since the draft text must have a legislative value on the basis of the Decree of 17 March 2020 by adding a support mechanism in which the decrees of 12 April 2001 and 19 -December 2002 do not provide for the possibility of, where appropriate any other provision with a regulatory character. Consequently, in Lid4, in the French draft version, the words "par Dérogation à l'Article 30ter de l'ruRêté relatif au marchéde l'électricité et à l'Article 33ter de l'r arrêté relatif au Marché du Gaz "omitted. A commercial comment applies to Article 3, third paragraph. Article 3. The reasons for the general comments and for greater clarity it is recommended, in the French design version, the words" à la fin de la pértiode visée à l'Article 1er, Alinéa 1er, the l'rocté Dugouvertigement Wallon du 18 Mars Portant Sur des Mesures Urgentes and Matière the compteur à budget "AUterme de la Période Allant du 18 Mars au 30 Juin 2020 »or by the words" après le 30 juin 2020 ". Article 4. In paragraph 5, in the French draft version, the concept of" Fournisseur Social "must be defined. The Registrar, Charles-Henri van Hovede chairman, Martinebaguet ______ Nota's1 for a similar remark, see Advies no. 67.173/of 1 April 2020 on a draft that the decision of special powers no. 2 of the government of Defranse Community has been issued "to implement the decree of 17 March 2020 to the granting of special powers to The government in the context of the health crisis in connection with the COVID-19Corona virus with regard to the establishment of an emergency and support fund ", http: // www. Raadvstconsetat.be/dbx/avis/67173.pdf and Advice no. 67.348/2 of 8 May 2020 on a draft decision of the French Community "concerning the support of meeting and reception centers in the Lauderan The Health Crisis Covid 19". 2 See in particular advice r.v.st 25669/8 of 24 October 1996 a draft that the Royal Decree of 18 November 1996 `Striking to the introduction of a global mining management in the social status of the self -employed, with the application of Chapter I of Titlevi of the law of 26 July 1996 to modernize the social security and to indemnify the liveability of the statutory pension systems' has become, http://www.raadvst-consetat.be/dbx/avis/25669; <advisoryr.v.st 25.671/8 of 24 October 1996 on a design the Royal Decree of 18 November 1996 'containing a social insurance in favor of the self -employed, in the event of bankruptcy, and of equal persons, with application of Articles 29 and 49 of the Law of 26 July 1996 to modernize social security and to indemnify the liveability of the statutory pension systems, http: //www.raadvst consetat.be/dbx/avis/25671; Advice r.v.st. 25,992/1/2/8 of 23 January 19997 on a preliminary draft that the law of 13 June 1997 was taken 'to ratify the Royal Decree decisions with application of the law of 26 July 1996 to the realization of the budgetary conditions for the participation of Belgium to the European Economic and Monetary Union, and the Law of 26 July1996 to modernize social security and to indemnify the liveability of the legal pension systems', http://www.raadvst-consetat.be/dbx/avis/25 992.11 June 2020. - Decree of the Walloon Government of Special Powers No 42 on the granting of specific testing to the GAS and Electricity families in the context of the Sanitary Crisis COVID-19 Dewalle Government, in view of the decree of 17 March 2020 awarding special powers the Walloon Government in the context of the Sanitary Crisis COVID-19, Article 1; Having regard to the decision of the Walloon Government of 18 March 2020 on the emergency measures regarding the budg etmeter; in view of the consent of the Minister of Budget, given on 20 May 2020; in view of the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on April 14 and 7 May 2020; in view of the report of 20 May 2020 drawn up in accordance with Article 3, 2 °, of the Decree of 11 April 2014 implementing the resolutions of the Women's Conference of the United Nations that held in Beijing in September 1995 and for the integration of the gender dimension in the whole of the regional policies; 2020; In view of the advice 67,470 of the Council Vanstate given on 2 June 2020 in accordance with Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the Laws Op de Raad van State, coordinated on January 12, 1973 happened to the urgent necessity; having regard to the decree of 12 April 2001 on the organization of the regional electricity market, in particular Article 33/bis/2, inserted by the Decree of 19 July 2018; Having regard to the Decree of 19 Dec. Emember 2002 on the organization of the regional gas market, Article 32, replaced the decree of 17 July 2008 and amended by the Decree of 21 May 2015; Having regard to the decision of the Walloon Government of 30 March 2006 on the public service obligations on the electricity market; The decision of the Walloon Government of 30 March 2006 on the public service obligations on the Gasmarkt, in view of the urgent need to provide specific support after the exceptional anitarian crisis in connection with COVID-19 and the consequences thereof in uncertainty, in particular withdrawing areas of energy; in view of the need to reduce legal uncertainty for the network operators, suppliers and families concerned by the amendment to the decision of the Walloon Government of 18 March 2020 on the emergency measures regarding the budget meter; on the nomination of Deminister of Energy; after deliberation; , Decree: Article 1. For the application of this Decree, Verstaa will be n under: 1 ° the decision concerning the electricity market: the decision of the Walloon Government of 30 March 2006 on the public service obligations on the electricity market; 2 ° the decision on the gas market: the decision of the Walloon Government of 30 March 2006 on public service obligations on The Gasmarkt3 ° Social supplier: distribution network operator to the protected customer supplies Article 26 of the Decree on electricity markets Article 30 of the Decree on the Gasmarkt.art. 2. A one-off and exceptional test COVID-19, in the amount of seventy-five euros for gas and one hundred euros for electricity, is awarded to the residential buyer with an active budget meter through a budget meter filling 30 June 2020. This support is provided until October 30, 2020As soon as the customer has put his card in his budget meter, it automatically shows a positive balance of € 100 in electricity € 75 in gas, regardless of the previous balance and/or the previously charged amounts. The distribution network managers take all the measures to inform the customer with a budget meter of the need to quickly sweep his card at the end of the period from March 18 to 30 June 2020 at a charging point, being able to enjoy the COVID-19 support And to prevent a break. These announcements remembering the conditions that the distribution network manager has drawn up to comply with Article1 of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 18 March 2020 on the emergency measures regarding the budget meter the consequences on his invoice. The distribution network operators remind their customers to the end dock once a month with all appropriate means of communication to the conditions for the award of the support. For customers with budget meters who have benefited from the Diede Distribution Cet managers conditions in accordance with Article 1 of the aforementioned decision of the Walloon Government of 18 March 2020, the distribution set manager sets the last known index the moment that the buyer has used his card, in accordance with paragraph 1, on and send it through within 15 days to be able to take advantage of the COVID-19 support. The supplier sends the Customer and Regularization invoice with the consumption that he has delivered to the Customer in the period from 18 March to 30 June. This invoice will be prepared as soon as possible and at the latest within 30 days. In the event of a regularization for the benefit of the customer, the reimbursement of the overpoed amount as provided for in the general terms and conditions of the supplier will be on the latest within thirty days following the date of the regularization invoice. If the customer does not on the amount of his invoice on The due date has paid, the supplier applies the procedures that apply to the residential buyer in the event of non-payment, as set out in Chapter IV, departmentii, Articles 29 to 30 Quater for the Decree on the electricity market and Chapter IV, departmentii, Articles 32 to 33 quater for the decision on the gas market. At the latest on 30 September2020, the government, on the proposal of the minister, competent for energy, on the advice of CWAPE and in consultation with suppliers, the distribution network managers and the social associations, the conditions for the repayment of the unpaid sums that are still related to the in Paragraph 3 Regularization invoices. In Deviation from the provisions of the Decree on the electricity market and the decision -relevant Gasmarkt, the costs and interest that are charged to the customer for the issue of this invoice are collected at a maximum of five euros per energy. Art. 3. The Region will be responsible for the costs of the support referred to in Article 2 via a specific budget article.Dedistributiet operator, informs the administration of the number of customers referred to in Article 2. In the notification, which together with the in Article 2 (3) , the information referred to is sent, the supplier is stated the number of customers involved, whereby a distinction is made between Degasvector on the one hand and the electricity vector on the other. The supplier, including the social supplier, informs the administration by 31 August 2020 at the latest On honor of honor stating the total amount of the support provided and the number of beneficial customers for gas on the one hand and for electricity on the other, for the customers referred to in Article 2 (3). For the other customers, the supplier, including the social supplier, informs the administration at the latest on 30 November 2020 at the latest on a declaration of claim on honor with mention of the total amount of the awarded support and the number of customers who pre -gas the support on the one hand and for electricity on the other. The administration quickly checks as possible and at the latest within 30 days the coherence with the information provided by the distribution network operators. After checking, the amount of the COVID-19 Support will be reimbursed to the social supplier within 30 days. Art. 4. An additional intervention of the Region of 1.7 million euros, as well as any balance of the budget that remains after the reimbursement -in -payment Article 3 (3) of the suppliers and social suppliers, is granted to Heto.C.M.W., in proportion to the number of beneficiaries of the living wage, to intervene in the payment of the electricity or gas accounts of precarious familiesThe intervention is carried out in paragraph 1 after a social investigation by the OCMW, in particular for the invoices referred to in Article2 (3) of the families, as well as for the invoices of the unprotected customers supplied by the Distribution Cet Manager in accordance with Article 31, § 5 , of the decree on the electricity market or Article 34, § 6, of the Decree on the Gasmarkt.art. 5. In Article 2 of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 18 March 2020 on the emergency measures regarding the budget meter, replaced by Erratum on 2 April 2020, the sentences "All current procedures for placement of a budget meter are canceled. Customers remain by their supplier in accordance with their current contracting contract. " lifted.art. 6. This decision comes into effect on the day following the announcement of in the Belgian Official Gazette.art. 7. The Minister of Energy is responsible for the implementation of this decision. Names, 11 June 2020. For the government: the Prime Minister, etc. Rupode Minister of Climate, Energy and Mobility, Ph. HENRYPublication: 2020-06-22Numac: 2020041785waalse Government Service 11 June 2020.-Decision of the Walloon Government of Special Powers No. 46 to deviate and supplement the Code of Local Democracy and Decentralization for local finances with heavy debt burden as a result of the to support the crisis covid-19 and allow budget deficits to be reported to the government's extraordinary health crisis in connection with COVID-19 who presented the current and upcoming rules, taken to limit the spread of the virus among the population, are of such a nature Any form of activity on the territory of the Walloon Region even delaying some services. The economic lockdown and the recommendations they received are now and will later have a major influence on municipal finances, both the receptions and in terms of expenditure, both directly and indirectly, and this for all entities, and in particular the OCMWs There it is important to support the municipalities in their possibility, regardless of whether it is efforts in their participation in and supporting the fight against the epidemic and its consequences in the economic and social level, or to guarantee their finance force in The framework of the restart of their activities in the coming years. Budgetary soup: the local authorities are the first investors in the country. So it is important that their budgetary rules are also relaxed, so that they can continue to play their role of Motorin the economy. To relax these rules and respond to the various local situations, a percentage of shortage on the actual operating year is permitted For the 2020s to 2021, against 3% and 5% respectively. For municipalities that have normal reserves and/or a surplus of facilities, it will be possible to book them back to a hot operating year at the level of the permitted shortage. must fall. In that respect, the municipality must add an appendix to which the various items above can be read. In the framework of the budgetary supply, the amount of the facilities formed is particularly checked. The municipalities of the municipalities must justify the amounts, the amount and their maintenance. Taking into account the situation, the determined surplus will have to be included in the results if this requirement is due to the balance or must be included in the fund of the ordinary reserves or in a specific facility established in the context of the crisis. Municipalities): The basic principle is therefore the global balance of the ware budget. For the municipalities that no longer reach a global balance due to the consequences of the sanitary crisis, a specific assistance loan can be granted at the amount of costs (in receipts/expenditures) that The appendix states and checked, limited to the maximum percentages. The loan application will be made annually by 30 September of the year at the latest to the Aid Center and the Walloon Public Service Domestic Affairs and Social Action. The loans are granted annually , in function of The realistic state that the municipalities experience, and after verification of the various affected items, where the municipalities are transferred by the municipalities in a specific attachment. The loans will therefore be granted the year on the endevan. The reimbursement period is set at a maximum of ten years, with an alarm regional intervention on interest. Loan for ordinary expenses Own Opcovid-19: the local authorities are in that capacity in primary care compared to deburgers and the local economy. It is therefore essential that they have the resources to absorb the various financial consequences of the crisis on their own budgets, but also intervene in the local economic level, and for that their closeness is their best asset. After all, the actual situation may differ from the regional and local condition in terms of economic relnance. Investments are undeniably an indispensable condition for the economic relnance. And the local authorities are the first investors in the country. It nevertheless serves to point out that these extraordinary reserves were built on the one hand when Vande Crisis was not yet there and on the other hand, based on the normal year of service. Investments are not the only lever for the Economic RelanceIt is also indispensable that they are getting rid of to act in the very short term and to be able to respond to the established terrain needs, without having to wait for longer periods that are accompanied by investments. To respond to the rule of the rule of the loan deviated, as is currently established for investments, to offer municipalities the possibility of being able to take loans for ordinary expenses that are specifically intended for the Economic Relance. After all, the situation is very varied, with regard to the formation of ordinary reserves, provisions of extraordinary reserves. Combining loans and extraordinary reserves may not exceed the upper limit of 100 euros per inhabitant on the 2020-2021. the reimbursement does not last longer than a maximum of 20 years, and In its certainly, the municipality is carried directly without any regional help. Evaluation: an evaluation is being carried out in front of 31 March 2021. This evaluation then not only looks at the real figures of the different consequences of the 2020 crisis, but also at the estimates for 2021 on the same consequences. In addition, a state of affairs is also drawn up of the way in which the municipalities make rely on the various derogation schemes, and to the various relain measures taken. It is impossible to carry out both evaluation and reports if the collection of the different data is only at the end of the year and can be adopted with regard to the year 2020 but also with regard to the refined estimates for 2021. This evaluation will also be justified to determine any later measures. Advice of the Legislation of the Council of State No. 67,466 of 2 June: The joint formal and technical adjustments proposed by the Council of State have been followed. Regarding the choice to take certain changes to the Code of Local Democracy and Decentralization, and not in the General Regulations on municipal compatibility, the Council of State behind our motivation Originating from the urgent necessity, the importance of the measures, the coherence of the consent approach, its readability and its exceptional character. The provisions: Article1 allows a shortage of the actually financial year of the ordinary service, by 3% in 2020 and 5 % in 2021, explicitly fluent from the impact of the Sanitaire Crisis COVID-19 on the municipal budgets. The Zeezesccentages are calculated on the total of the ordinary expenditure of the actual operating year.ikel2 provides for the possibility for municipalities that cannot present a global balance For DeGewone service, to apply for an allowance from the regional aid center for the municipalities, with a total takeover of the interest by the region. It also stipulates that deprets in that case, when the lack of balance arises, explicitly argue from the impact of Desanitarian crisis, should not submit a convergence plan. Article 3 stipulates that ordinary reserve funds can be recovered to the actually operating year of the ordinary services were the provisions . Article 4 offers the municipalities the opportunity to go into loans/or on the back of extraordinary reserves for financing the specific expenditure for reliance measures in direct connection with the sanitary crisis. The answer to the comments of the Unievan cities and municipalities of Wallonia is to speak. The maximum amount permitted for both financing options for the period 2020-2021 is 100 euros per inhabitant. The period to repay the loan is set at a maximum of 20 years. Article 5 stipulates that the Decree comes into effect on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. Advice van deraad van State no. 67,466/4 of 2 June 2020 Department of legislation on 25 May 2020, the Council of State, Division Legislation, was by the Minister of Housing , Local authorities and city policy of the Walloon Region requested to communicate an advice within a period of five working days with regard to a draft decision `to deviate and supplement the Code of Local Democracy and Decentralization to result in local finances with heavy debt burden as a result as a result of the crisis COVID-19 Testunen and budget deficits. " The design was examined on 2 June 2020 by the fourth room. The Chamber was composed of Martine Baguet, chairwoman of the Chamber, Luc Cambieren Bernard Blero, state councils, and Anne-Catherine van Geersdaele, clerkThe report was submitted by Marc Oswald, first auditor. The advice, of which the text follows, was issued on 2 June 2020. According to Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws `On the State Council ', coordinated on 12 January 1973, the request for advice must be given specifically the motives that account for the urgent nature of it. Writing is as follows: "Mostly the extraordinary health crisis in connection with COVID-19 that affects Belgium and that the current rules, taken to the to limit the virus to the population, such that they slow down any form of activity on the territory of the Walloon Region and even paralyze some services; local boards, obstructs; e Waalsiegoing in the context of the Health Crisis COVID-19, is authorized to take all useful measures to prevent and treat every situation that causes problems in the strict framework of the pandememcovid-19 and its consequences and that urgently need to be treated under penalty of serious danger; Municipalities are mainly authorized to regulate matters of municipal interest and to prevent disruptions of public order, including peace, health and public safety; mostly the crisis COVID-19 will have negative consequences on the finances of the local, municipal administration zowel on the receipt side and on the expenditure side, local authorities will have to be assumed; Whereas it is also important that the efforts of numerous local, municipal boards in their participation in and supporting the fight against the Epidemia support ". of the laws "on the Council of State", coordinated on January 12, 1973, the legislative hair department limits investigation to the legal basis of the draft, to the jurisdiction of the stater of the deed, equally the completion of the prior form requirements, in accordance with Article 84 , § 3, of the aforementioned coordinated laws. On these three points, the following comments are made. Research of the draft hef1. Article 6 of the Special Law of 8 August 1880 "Determining reform of the institutions" should not be intended as this does not offer a legal basis for the present design.2. On the other hand, paragraph 1 of Article 1 of the Decree of 17maart 2020 must be intended, "to the granting of special powers to the Walloon government in the Framework for the Health Crisis COVID-19", that the Walloon Government, in addition to mentioning it Third Considerans, is authorized "to take all useful measures to prevent every situation that causes problems in the strict framework of the COVID-19 Pandemie and its consequences must be treated urgently on pain of serious danger". 3. A visa -relevant advice of the Council of State must be inserted for the Consider Opsen, reading as follows: "In view of advice No 64.466/4 of the Council of State, given on 2 June 2020, in accordance with Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 2 °, of the laws on the Council of State coordinated on January 12, 1973; " (1). In the introductory sense, in the French version, the word "avec" must be replaced by the word "par". Paralagon 3 in the design must precede the sign "§ 3". ​​These comments apply to the continuation of the design. 2. article L1314-2, § 3, of the Code of Local Democracy and Decentralization (hereinafter: the Code), in Design, should, in the French version, ring as follows: «§ 3. Pardérogation au Paragraphe 2, L'Exercice Propre du Service Ordinaire (La Suite Comme Au Projet) ». In the continuation of this provision, in the French version, the expression" L'Emerercice Propre "is preferably used above" l'Exercice proprement this ". In that respect, the representative of the Minister confirms that concepts are equivalent. The same comment also applies to Article L1314-1, §5, paragraph 1, in draft (Article 3 of the draft). Article 2.1. In the first paragraph of article L1314-1, § 4, in design, in the French version, the concept of "Équilibreglobal Au Service Ordinaire" is used, which is not described in the CodeAccording to the representative The Minister is the "global" balance of which there is the balance as in the meaning of Article L1314-1, § 1, of the Code. The stater of the design is therefore requested to refer to this determination.2. The second paragraph of Article L1314-1, § 4, in the design, provides for the possibility of financial help from the government. According to the memorandum to the government, this help would be granted in the form of a loan from the regional aid center for the municipalities ( CRAC), where the regional guest is taking over. The design would benefit from an insertion of such a supply. 3. In the third paragraph of article L1314-1, § 4, in design, serve in the French version, the words "Le Cas échéant". Article 3 article L1314-1, § 5, in design, provides for the possibility of for the years of service 2020 and 2021 The funds of the ordinary reserves, whether or not provided with a special destination, can be booked back to the "actual" operating year of the ordinary service as if it were facilities. This possibility deviates from any provision of the Code, but it is of Article 3, § 1, of the Decree of the Waalssekery of 5 July 2007 containing the General Regulations on the municipal compatibility for implementation of Article L1315-1 of the Local Democracy and Decentralization Code, the Decree, however, intends to design , to be based on the decree of 17 March 2020 and not on that article L1315-1, which the government is charged "the budget, financial and accounting rules of the municipalities and the rules in connection with the Further Avenue Ways of the acts of the offices of their accounting people to determine. Asked to the Minister's delegate, justifies this choice on the following method: "In view of the urgent necessity and the importance of private decisions, but also the coherence of the joint provisions (articles 1 to 5), to guarantee their readability and the outdoor nature of it, we have deemed it indispensable to insert them in the Code of the Place of Democracy and decentralization. authorization, executed by the design, it fits no difficulty. The attention of the author of the design is nevertheless observed on the fact that the text will have to be the object of a later decree confirmation -agreement Article 4 of the Decree of 17 March 2020 , which will result in the provisioner deviation from the decision of the government of 5 July 200 7 Power of Decree will have. Articles in contrast to the legislative texts, the decisions will not be announced. The provision serves either omitted, in which case the decision will come into effect, the tenth day after the day of announcement, in accordance with Article 84 (1) of the special law of 8 August 1980, or revised the entry into force of the Decree fixed to be set on an earlier fixed date than that arising the application of the common law. The clerk, Anne-Catherine of Geersdaeledevoorzitster, Martine Baguet __________cillary (1) Principles of the legislative technology manual for the drafting of legislative and regulatory texts, Tab legislation technique, Recommended . 36.1 and Formula F 3-5-211 June 2020.-Decree of the Walloon Government of Special Powers No. 46 to deviate and supplement the Code of Local Democrants The decentralization for local finances with heavy debt burden as a result of the COVID crisis 19te supports and budget deficits to admit Walloon Government, in view of Article39 of the Constitution; in view of the special law of 8 August 1980 for the reform of the institutions, as amended; in view of the decree of 17 March 2020 to the granting of special powers to the Walloon Government In the context of the Health Crisis COVID-19, in particular Article 1, § 1; Given Advies no. 67466/4 of the Council of State given on 2 June 2020, in accordance with Article 84, §l, paragraph 1, 2 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973; predominantly the extraordinary health crisis in connection with COVID -19 that affects Belgium today and that the current rules, taken to limit the spread of the virus among the population, are of the case that they delay any form of activity on the territory of the Walloon Region and even paralyze some; This is of such a nature that the proper functioning of the different open services, in particular the local boards, obstructs; COVID-19, is authorized to take all useful measures to prevent and treat every situation that causes problems in the strict framework of the pandemie covid -19 and its consequences and that urgently need to be treated on pain of serious danger; Municipalities are mainly authorized to regulate matters of municipal interest and to prevent disruptions of public order, including peace, health and public safety; mostly the crisis COVID-19 will have negative consequences for the finances of the local authorities, both some concerns the income as the expenses; Whereas the current budget rules to which local authorities are subject to are completely incompatible with the consequences of the health crisis for their action and operating resources; Whereas it is also important to support the efforts of numerous municipal authorities in their participation and support in the fight against the epidemic; on the nomination of the Minister of Local Administration and Urban Policy; after deliberation, decision: Article 1. Article L1314-1 of the Code of Local Democracy and Decentralization is supplemented by paragraph 3, reading as follows: "§ 3. Contrary to paragraph2, the operating year of the ordinary service of the municipal budgets in the Boats2020 and 2021 may display a shortage that specifically arises From the consequences of the COVID-19 crisis in 2020, a maximum of 3% of the total ordinary expenditure of the actual operating year will be. It will be calculated for each budget change 2020. The deficit in 2021 will be a maximum of 5% of the total normal expenditure of your own service year. It will be made for the original budget2021 and every budget change 2021 nd.art. 2. Article L1314-1 of the Code of Local Democracy and Decentralization is supplemented by paragraph 4, reading as follows: "§ 4. In the course of the financial years 2020 and 2021, all municipalities, including the congregation, can already be under management plan are, in the absence of a global balance in normal service, as determined in Article L1314-1, § 1, that is explicitly the result of the COVID-19 crisis, financial support the government. This support depends on the submission of a Specific ManagementPlancoD-19, which first provides for the restoration of the global balance of the ordinary service in the year in which the above financial support was obtained, and then at the latest in the original budget for the financial year 2022 in the restoration of the balance of the actual operating year of Vande ordinary service. This support consists of a loan via the "Center Régional d'Aide Aux Communes" (Regional Aid Center for Municipalities), for which the Gewes t the whole of interest charges. Conditions. 3. Article L1314-1 of the Local Democracy Code and Decentralization is supplemented by paragraph 5, reading as follows: "§5. During the course of the financial years 2020 and 2021, the ordinary reserve funds, intended or Diegeen's special destination have been booked back to the actually operating year of the Device Service as if it were provisions. Based funds to the AD HOC function are returned to a use that has already been described or simply to the "000 general receipts" function if they stretch the actual operating year from the normal service to a balance. ". Art.4. Article L1314-1 of the Code of Local Democracy and Decentralization is supplemented with paragraph 6, reading as follows: "§ 6In the course of the budget years 2020 and201, it is admitted that the specific expenses for the relance that are directly related to Desanitarian crisis, booked on the ordinary service, via a loan and via the return of extraordinary reserve funds to the actual operating year of the ordinary service are financed if the commissions were. The maximum amount permitted of the merged total of loan and return of extraordinary reserve funds for the joint 2020s and 2021 is 100 euros per inhabitant. Dealing duration of the loan is set at a maximum of 20 years. In such a case the loan is first to go to belong to the ordinary service and then transferred to the ad hoc function of the ordinary service as if it was a provision. "Art. 5. This decision comes into effect on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. names, 11 June 2020. For the government: the Prime Minister, e. Di Rupode Minister of Housing, De Plaa Board and Urban Policy, P.-Y. DermagnePublication: 2020-06-25NUMAC: 2020041816 Community Community Commission of Brussels-Head11 June 2020.-Special-Facility Decree No 2020/010 of the United College of the Community Commission on the award to the Bicoma-Health for Health, Assistance to Persons and Family Benefit of the Possibility In the context of the COVID-19 health crisis to perform operational tasks regarding care report to the United Meeting of the Commission Commission The Special Affairs Decree No 2020/010, a needsman of the COVID-19 Health crisis meets an efficient management. The Special Control Decree changes the Dordonnance of 23 March 2017 containing the Bicommuna-Health Service, Bait Persons and Family Benefit at the following point: Iriscare is given the possibility to fulfill the COVID-19 Health crisis in the COVID-19 Health Care. Tasks regarding care provision is understood, among other things: 1. Mobile teams of healthcare providers operations to offer help to healthcare institutions, retirement homes, etc. Where necessary in case of a crisis situation as a result of an outbreak of the COVID-19 virus and/or as a result of a shortage of care staff; 2. Set up a switching care center to safeguard the capacity in the hospitality in the event of a new peak from the COVID-19 Epidemie. To be found analogy with the definition of switching care center, in Article 30, 2 °, of the Royal Decree no. 20 of 13mei 2020 `Continuous measures in the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie and for the insurance of the continuity of care in compulsory medical care insurance ', we mean the term` switching care center' a center that temporarily houses patients who have been referred to a hospital or Referred by a triage and decrease center or by a service of emergencies, and who cannot return directly to their normal living situation. The application of the Special-Mache Decree limits over time, in accordance with consideration 5.2.4. of the advice 67.142/AV of 25 March 2020 of the Council of State. The new provision will be out of effect on January 1, 2021, date that was chosen in the light of a possible second wave of the pandemic. 12 June 2020. -Special -feature Decree No 2020/010 of the United College of the Common Community Commission relevant to the Bicommunaire Health Service, Assistance to Persons and Family Benefit of the possibility of providing operational tasks for care in the context of the COVID -19 United College of the Joint Community Commission, entitled to the Ordonnance of 19 March 2020 to grant special powers to the United College of the Joint Community Commission in the context of the Health Crisis COVID-19, Article 2, § 1; In view of the ordinance of 23 March 2017 containing the establishment of the BicommunautarSdienst for Health, Assistance to Persons and Family Benefit; Having regard to the Agreement of Defined the United College competent for the budget, given on 12 Juin 2020; In view of the Opwet Opwet Incaped Advice 67511/3 of the Council of State, given on 8 June 2020 in application of Article 84, §1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, requested additional penetration; Coronavirus COVID-19 on 11 March 2020 by the WHO labeled as a pandemic; whereas the National Security Council took measures to deduce the distribution of the virus among the population; Advice from the group of experts taxed with the Exit Strategy (Gees), has decided gradually, from 3 May, and if circumstances allow it to reduce a number of measures, but that the virus is still present on the territory; Whereas the strict restriction measures will certainly remain in force and with 3 May, and that regardless of the finishing phase in which we would be in the future, determining measures will remain in force, Such as limiting contacts between people, respecting safe distances and good hygienic reflexes, including covering mouth and nose in the public space on public transport in particular; It is therefore necessary and continues to indemnify the capacity of the hospitals to the maximum or to assist the care institutions, for example by means of the establishment of switching care centers or the broadcasting of mobile care teams; allow iriscare operational tasks with regard to care provision; Whereas that on the basis of Article 2 of the Ordinance of 19 March 2020 to grant special powers to the Spring College of the Joint Community Commission in the context of the Health Crisiscovid-19, the United College GD is to take all necessary measures to advance and treat situations that pose a problem within the strict framework of the COVID-19 Pandema and the consequences of it, and that must be urgently regulated by serious danger; The Municipal Executive can renounce the Advisory Objection In Article22, § 3, of the Ordinance of 23 March 2017 containing the establishment of the Bicommuna -Health Service, Assistance to Persons and Family Benefit; that the COVID-19 Health crisis is not behind the back and requires urgent measures to safeguard the care provisions, to guarantee the population to guarantee the public service; on the recommendation of the members of the United College, competent and health; after consultation, decision: article 1. In Article7 of the Ordinance of 23 March 2017 containing the OP direction of the Bicommunautary Department for Health, Assistance to Persons and Family Benefit, a new member is inserted between the first and second paragraphs, reading as follows: "The service is authorized to perform health-crisis operational tasks regarding care provision in the context of the COVID-19 . "Art. 2. This Decree will take place in the Belgian Official Gazette in the Belgian Official Gazette. Articles 7, second paragraph, of the Ordinance Fan 23 March 2017 containing the establishment of the Bicomautaire Health Service, Assistance and Family Benefit will be canceled on January 1, 2021. Art. 3. The members of the United College competent for welfare and health are charged with the implementation of this decision.brussel, 12 June 2020. For the United College: the chairman of the United College, tax with the coordination of the United College policy, R. Vervoortde members of the United College competent for welfare and health, e. Van den Brandt