Publicatie: 2020-04-27Numac: 2020020860FOLEALE OWEDSDSTUND Financien3 April 2019.-Koninklijk Besluit Tot Wijziging van Het KB/WIB 92, Op het Stuk van de Revalorisatiecoënt voor Kadastral Incomens. - Duitse Vertalingde Hierna Volgende Tekst is de Duitse Vertalingvan Het Koninklijk Besluit van April 3, 2019 Tot Wijziging van Het KB/WIB 92, Op het Stuk van de Revalorisatiecoëntvoor Kadastral Inkomens (Belgian State Blad 19 April 2019). Voor Duitse Vertaling in Malmedy.Föderal Public Service Finance3. April 2019 - Royal decree to change the KE/EStGB 92 Requirement coefficient for cadastral income philippe, king of the Belgians, all present and future, our greeting! On the basis of the Income Tax Code 1992, Article/EStGB 92; based on the statement of the financial inspector of 18 March 2019; Due to the only article of the ministerial decree of March 20, 2000, a granting of a authority transfer to the financial inspection, in which according to Article 9 of the Royal Decree of November 16, 1994, is determined by administrative and budget control that the financial inspector, which is conveniently at the Ministry of Finance has been accredited, among other things, the designs of royal decrees to determine the new evaluation coefficient for cadastral income (Article 1 of the KE/EStGB 92) freed from the previous consent of the minister of responsibility for the budget; on the basis of the KOO on January 12, 1973 Rdinated laws on the State Council, Article 3 § 1; on the basis of the urgency; in the consideration that: -in is determined in the presentation of the new evaluation coefficient, which must be taken into account for the tax year 2020 in the determination of some income from immovable goods and for career income by company leadership ,- The 2019 vocational tax deduction must be maintained on the occupational income of corporate leaders who are subject to the tax of natural persons in relation to the tax year 2020, this therefore has to be enacted. Article 1 -In of Table of Article 1 of the KE/EStGB 92, changed by the royal decrees of October 22, 19993, February 18, 1994, March 20, 1996, February 26, 1997, December 17, 1998, October 29, 19999, November 23, 2000, February 4, 2002, January 23, 2003, July 30, 2003, June 16, 2004, June 13 2005.19. May 2006, February 12, 2007, March 11, 2008, February 5, 2009, February 11, 2010, February 9, 2011, March 12, 2012, July 18, 2014, October 29, 2015, 17. November 2016, July 18, 2017 and June 24, 2018, the columns of the tax year and the new evaluation coefficient are added by "2020" or "4.57". 2 - The existing decree is applicable to the tax year 2020.Art.3 - The minister responsible for finance is commissioned to execute the present decree. De crooPublication: 2020-04-24Numac: 2020020862Federal Public Service Finance and Federal Public Service Economy, K.M.O., Midden and Energie22 April 2020.-Royal Decree on special measures to protect the public institutions for collective investment with a changeable number of rights of participation against the consequences of The COVID-19 EPIDEMIEMAIKLAG to the King, SIRE, the COVID-19 EPIDEMEPOOST A health crisis that also has a serious impact on the economy and the financial markets. Since a few weeks, we will witness a major price fall on the financial markets, among other things And one -high volatility. For the collective investment institutions, this has consequences for different surfaces. Such market conditions can, after all, cause liquidity problems in the markets serious problems for the collective investment institutions that are confronted with requests for purchasing rights of participation by their investors (see the comments for the articles for an explanatory explanation of this). A increased risk of unavailability of staff due to illness must also be taken into account. The health measures that impose the government in the distribution of the COVID-19 virus also make it difficult for the collection of collections to organize their general meeting and draw up their annual accounts. We use the measures in this regard It is proposed in this draft decree. Considering Printing. All comments from the Council of State.artikel1 - change of the frequency of the calculation of the net inventory value. frequency of implementation of applications for issuing or purchasing rights of participation or compartment change and the calculation of the net inventory value of the rights of participation. Such a decision can be taken because of the unavailability of staff due to disease (contamination with COVID-19), so that the calculation of the net inventory value of the institution for collective investment can no longer be done in a normal way. More specifically, such a decision, under the conditions of the Decree, no change in the prospectus, non -resolution investor information and the articles of association or the management regulations. If an institution for collections uses this possibility, it will publish a press release to raise the investors. Naturally, the obligation for the collection for collections will continue to exist to carry out the applications for issue or purchasing rights of participation at least twice a month. In the French version. This expression is widely used in the legislation on the Institutions for Collective Investment.art.2 - Measures to safeguard the liquidity of the Collective Investment Institutions Dispute Dispute Circumstances There is a risk that investors massively from certain Institutions for Collective Investment with a changeable number of rights of participation. Characteristic for the effect of these collective investment institutions is that investors can liquidate their investment by asking the collective investment institution to buy their rights of participation. Such retirements can endanger those collective investment and their participants and, in an extreme scenario, have an impact on the markets themselves:-an institution for collective investment that is confronted with repayment applications will be forced to liquidate positions in its portfolio to obtain the necessary liquidity;-in the current market conditions it threatens to be difficult to sell large positions or the selling price threatens to be at least little interesting and possibly even lower than the marked market price; components of the portfolio are the first to be realized, while other positions that do not have the same profile must be preserved in the absence of a realistic possibility to sell them- as a result of threat investors who, in such circumstances, their participation in the institution for collective Be to be retained, to be disadvantagedWith the Royal Decree of 15 October 2018 (1), the Public Institutions for Collective Investment with a changeable number of rights were introduced the possibility of using specific mechanisms that have to put them in the best possible hand to the head Liquidity risk:- "Swingpricing" is a mechanism that aims to remove the negative impact on the net inventory value of an institution for collective investment or one of its compartments caused by the entry and elimination of participants. If the net entry or retirement exceeds a certain level (the threshold), the net inventory value will be adjusted up or down with a set percentage (the Swing Factor). In both cases, the existing participants are protected against the cost-ending and bringing them out;- "Anti-Dilution Levy" is, just like "Swing Pricing", a mechanism that means the negative impact on the net assessment value Taking that causes through entry and exit from participants. If the net entry or retirement crosses a certain threshold, the collective investment institution can decide to impose an additional cost on the incoming and outgoing investors;- The mechanism of 'Redemption Gates' means that a collective investment can decide for The orders of the outgoing participants can only be carried out in a part if a threshold established in advance is exceeded. Since Deorders are partially executed, the calculation of the net inventory value itself is not suspended. Daldus has the collective investment institution over more time to make the market on the market in the event of large retiring assets. For collective investment for some time the possibility of suspending the execution of invoicing and purchasing rights of participation as well as the calculation of the net inventory value. Pricing ', `Anti-Dilution Levy' and` Redemptiongates', according to the rules specified below. The intention is for collective investment signs to be able to use Belgian law as quickly as possible of these mechanisms in view of the current market conditions:- the provisions that prescribe that the rules for the use of "Swing Pricing", "Anti-Dilutionlevy" and "Redemption Gates" must be included in, according to the case, the prospectus, the articles of association/or the management regulations, are not declared applicable. After all, the prospectus, the articles of association and/or management regulations of a large number of collective investment institutions do not contain any provisions to be able to use those mechanisms, in particular for 'Redemption Gates' under the aforementioned Royal Decree of 15 October 2018, there is also an exception made to the requirement to work out a policy in which the conditions of application of these mechanisms are pronounced, as well as the requirement to identify the conflict of interest in the conflict of conflicts that are related to the use of that mechanism, and to with a view to the Management of those interest conflicts to be followed and to define measures to be taken. This exception is justified by the serious and urgent nature of the circumstances in which the 'Redemptiongates' mechanism will be used. Most collective investment institutions have not yet made the necessary changes to their policy. For `swing pricing 'and` anti-dilutionlevy', this exception does not apply. The collective investment institutions must therefore always draw up a policy if they want to use `swing pricing 'and` anti-dilutionleevy' and must handle this policy The FSMA deliver prior to the first use of the involved mechanism. For more explanation about the content of this policy, reference can be made to the report on the donance of the aforementioned Royal Decree of 15 October 2018. The interest conflict of conflicting policy accounts must also keep with the use of these options. pricing 'or `anti-dilution Levy' in the context of the regulation introduced here, a message must be published on the website of the collective investment or management company institution and in two newspapers that are distributed nationally or in large edition, or via a lot other equivalent means of communication that has been approved by the FSMA. The information on the mechanism that should be included in the prospectus under the normal rules must be included in this messagePursuant to the application of the usual rules for publication of press releases, these messages must also be transferred in advance to the FSMADIE. They should not approve them before their publication. This publication is important for the provisions of information to the investors, who are thus informed of The possible use of this liquidity tools.be Halve the special provisions thus introduced, the statutory regulation that was introduced by the aforementioned Royal Decree of 15 October 2018 will be fully applicable. The principle that an institution for collective investment must be managed or sent in the exclusively interest of the participants continues to apply. And of course FSMA retained its supervisory powers. The special regulation that introduces this decision is strictly in nature. The normal rules will therefore again apply as soon as the application period of this decision has expired. It is specified that the temporary changes that are introduced by this Decree do not include any other deviations from the provisions of Book VI of the Economic Law then already introduced by The aforementioned Royal Decree of 15 October2018.Art. 3-Postponing the date for disclosure of the periodic reports of the Institutions for Collective Investment Mede Given the disruption caused by the COVID-19 epidemic, it is proposed to award collective investment institutions a longer term, i.e. an extension with 10 weeks, to their year - and to make half -year reports public. For the annual report, only one extension is granted for the duration with which the general meeting was postponed. I have the first being, Sire, Van Your Majesty, the very respectful and very faithful servant, Deminister of Finance, a. De Croode Minister of Economy, n. Muylle _________cillary (1) Royal Decree of 15 October 2018 amending the Royal Decree of 7 March 2006 with the securities loans by certain collective investments, of the Royal Decree of 10 November 2006 on the accounting, the annual accounts and the periodic reports of certain openly usable Collective investment institutions with a changeable number of participation rights, of the Royal Decree of 12 November 2012 with regard to the management companies of Institutions for Collective Investment that comply with the conditions of Directive 2009/65/EC, of ​​the Royal Decree of 12 November 2012 with regard to the Institutions for Collective Investment that meet the Terms and Conditions of Directive 2009/65/EC and of the Royal Decree of 25 February 2017 with regard to certain public alternative institutions for collective investment and their management companies, and containing various provisions. Council of State , Department of Legal Advice67.191/2 of 6 April 2020 on a draft Royal Decree `containing special measures to protect the public institutions for collective investment with a changeable number of rights of participating participations against the consequences of the COVID-19 epidemic 'on April 1, 2020 has the Council Vanstate, the legislation department, by the Minister of Work, Economy and Consumers, charged with poverty alleviation, equal opportunities and persons with a disability requested within a period of five working days, provide an advisory person on a draft of Royal Decree `containing special measures Protection of the Public Institutions for Collective Investment with a changeable number of participation rights against the consequences of the COVID-19 epidemic. Horevoets, State Councils, Sébastien van Drooghenbroeck, ASD Essor, and Béatrice Drapier, Registrar. The report was issued by Anne-Stéphanie Renson, Deputy Auditeur. The agreement between the French and the Dutch text of the advice was checked under the supervision of Pierre Vandernoot. The advice of which follows below, is given on 6 April 2020. According to Article 84, §1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws `on the Council of State ', coordinated on January 12, 1973, the request for advice in particular must be given the reasons to support the emergency room Karaktervan.The motivation in the letter reads as follows: "The urgentness is motivated by the COVID-19 epidemic, which causes considerable tensions on the financial markets, including substantial price fall and high volatility. Such market conditions can cause liquidity problems in the markets and serious problems for the collective investment institutions that are confronted with requests for purchasing rights of participation by their investorsAfter all, an institution for collections that is confronted with reimbursement applications can be forced to liquidate its portfolio in order to obtain the necessary liquidity. In the current market conditions, however, it is difficult to sell large positions or threatens to be the sale price -althans little Possibly even lower than the indicated market price. As a result, investors who, in such circumstances, are threatening to retain their participation in the institution for collection. The Royal Decree of 15 October 2018 has a number of mechanisms of mechanism whose collective investment institutions can use to retain their liquidity and to avoid problems above. The application of these mechanisms requires the articles of association, the management regulations and the prospectus of the institutions concerned to make their use, which is often not yet the case. In these circumstances, a temporary sake of these mechanisms is proposed, so that they can actually actually be able to do it as quickly as possible are applied. The intention is that the collective investment institutions can make use of these mechanisms as quickly as possible in view of the current market conditions. These measures are urgent, given the speed of developments in the financial markets. Moreover, it is important that measures are taken quickly in view of the difficulties that collective investment institutions occur in organizing their general meetings and therefore when publishing their periodic reports. Finally, the calculation of the net inventory value of the collections for collections can be made difficult in the event of unavailability of a large number of employees due to disease. Consequently, measures must be taken as quickly as possible to enable an institution for collection investment to reduce the frequency of this calculation without a statutory change for this. "Since the request for advice has been submitted on the basis of Article84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws `on the Council of State ', coordinated on January 12, 1973, the legislation department limits its investigation into the legal basis of the draft, in accordance with Article 84, § 3, of the aforementioned coordinated laws, the competence of the the author of the actions the prior formal requirements to be fulfilled. What those three points concerns the design advantage of the following comments. Research of the draft hef1. article 108 of the Constitution should not be stated as a legal basis for the draft, since the declaration of which reports made in the second and in the third paragraph of the preamble, it is satisfactory for the dismissal rp. the first paragraph of the preamble must be omitted.2. The authorized representative of the minister agrees that the second paragraph must be supplemented by the declaration of Article 88, § 3, fourth paragraph, of the Act of 3 August 2012 `concerning the institutions for collective investment that meet the conditions of Directive 2009/65/EC and the institutions for investment in claims' and that the third paragraph of the priority must be supplemented with the mention of Article 252, § 3, third paragraph, of The law of 19 April 2014 `Regarding the alternative institutions for collective investment and their managers'. These provisions contain demoting to the king to set the disclosure period of the annual reports and the half -annual reports and therefore form the legal basis for Article 3.3. Although in the disposition of the draft reference is made to the royal decisions that are reported in the Vierdetot, the seventh paragraph of the preamble, in particular because it is deviated from, they are not changed formally. Those royal decisions must therefore not be stated in the preamble. They may be included in the preamble in the form of considerations, which must then come after the member where this advice is referred. Dispositive article 11. In Article 1, §1, first sentence, the words "notwithstanding any provision in their articles of association or Management Regulations "Redundant relative to Article 1, § 2. They must therefore be omitted.2. Article 1, §1, second sentence, stipulates that "[D] E reduction (...) is temporarily [is] and only possible if strictly necessary"Asked Neer The scope of that provision, the representative of the Minister answered the following: "Al'article 1er, § 1er, Les Mots" Uniquement Possible Dans Lamesure Strictement Nécessary "Visent à Exprimer Le Fait Que La Diminution de la Fréquence de la Fréquence (A) Pour autant que les Probles Opérationnels liés à l'épidmie de Covid 19 (Absenced personnel pour caus de maladie) l'imosent et (b) uniquement Aussi Longtemps que ces Problèmes Subsistent. " Determination only intends to make the reduction possible for the frequency of implementation of applications to issue or purchasing rights of participation in the event of an amendment to compartment in the event of operational problems that are due to the fact that personnel is absent because of illness. The formulation of the designed provision should therefore be clarified at the fact that it is used to prevent this possibility from being used in other cases than those in the response of the Minister's authorized representative.3. In the French text of paragraph 3, the word "du" to be replaced by the words "de la Possibilitévisée au". In the Dutch version of the same text, the word "mentioned" must be inserted between the word "possibility" and the words "in paragraph 1" .4. In the French text of the same paragraph 3, the words "Grand Tirage" would better match "Tirage Suffisant" with the concept of "Great Storage" that occurs in the Dutch text. The same remark applies to Articles 2, § 1, 5 ° and 7 °, and 2, § 2, 4 ° and 6 °. Article 21. In Article 2, § 1, 1 °, the words "Article 21/1, first paragraph, 5 °" must be replaced by the words "Article 21 /1, second paragraph, 5 ° ". The same change must be made in Article 2, § 2, 1 ° .2. In Article 2, § 1, 2 °, the words "article117, § 4, first paragraph, 5 °" must be replaced by the words "Article 117, § 4, second member, 5 °" .3. In accordance with Article 2, § 1, 6 °, the public institutions may pre -collective investment with a changeable number of rights of participation the mechanism referred to in Article198/1 of the Royal Decree of 12 November 2012 `with regard to the collections for collections that comply with the Conditions of Directive 2009/65/EC 'Only apply if on a certain day the negative fluctuation of the balance of the passive of the collective investment institution, for that day, exceeds a percentage that it has laid down in advance. It would be desirable to supplement the designed provision in this way that it is explicitly stated that the percentage should not be made public in the prospectus in that case, the Minister's authorized representative has answered the following: "Cette précision ne nous paraît pasnécessary. Pour les opca , L'Application du Point IV, 5, Troisième Tiret, De L'Enexe A de L'Ar du 25février 2017 (= Dispositi Sur la Base de Laquelle CE Pourcentage Doit Normalement être inclus dance lessons statuts) est déjà Exclue par le § 2, 2 °. Pour Les OPC Répondant Aux Conditions de la Directive, une disposition à l'Effet Identique Est Prévue au § 1, 3 °. "Although Article 2, §1, 3 °, that point IV, 5, third line, of Appendix A to the Royal Decree of 12 November 2012 does not apply if the mechanism provides for the same decision, the mechanism provides for, the mechanism, However, that does not alter the fact that it is also stipulated in Article 198/1 that the institution for collective investment must make the percentage public in its prospectus. However, the present design does not provide for the fact that that article 198/1 - necessarily - is not declared applicable. In order to prevent any confusion and to meet the purpose pursued by the Stellervan, it should therefore be explicitly stated that the obligation to which Article 198/1 does not apply in this case. 2, § 2, 5 ° .4. In paragraph 2, 3 °, words "Article 82, § 4, first paragraph, 5 °" to be replaced by the Woorde n "Article 82, § 4, second paragraph, 5 °" .5. The stater of the design should ascertain or the second sentence of paragraph 3 is useful in the light of the first sentence and therefore whether the usefulness to retain that second sentence. Item 3 article 3 provides for the possibility of the open -up times of the annual reports and The half -yearly reports of the public institutions for collective investment with a changeable number of participation rights to be delayed. The minister's authority agrees that the structure of the first two paragraphs must be revised in order to clarify the scope of Article 3Contrary to what one could deduce from the current statements of the first paragraph, the intended rules for the deadlines for the half -yearly reports of those for the annual reports differ. The first two members are therefore revised in this way that the first paragraph relates to the half -yearly reports (for which the deadlines are extended by four months) and the second paragraph on the annual reports (for which periods are extended if the general meeting was postponed and in that case the term is extended with the duration of the wrapping of the general meeting). The clerk, B.Drapierde Chairman, p. Vandernoot22 April 2020.-Royal Decree containing special measures to protect the Public Institutions for Collection Investigation With a variable number of Rights of Participation against the consequences of the COVID-19 EPIDEMIVEIFIP, King of the Belgians now and will hereinafter refer to our Greeting the law of 3 August 2012 on the collective investment institutions that meet the conditions of Directive 2009/65/EC and the investments for investment in claims, the article64, § 1, 1 °, amended by the law of 17 July 2013 and the law of 19 April 2014, the article 82, second paragraph, the article 86, amended by the law of 25 December 2016, Article 88, § 3, four -off member, amended by the law of 19 April 2014 and Article 218 , fourth paragraph, in view of the 19 April 2014 Act on the alternative institutions for collective investment and their managers, the article 229, § 1, 1 °, the article 245, amended by the Act of 25 Decemb er 2016, the article249, amended by the law of December 25, 2016, Article 252, § 3, third paragraph and the article330; Having regard to the advice of the Authority for Financial Services and Markets, given at 31 -March 2020; in view of the urgency; motivated by the COVID-19 epidemic, which causes significant voltages on the financial markets, including a hefty price fall and high volatility; Purchasing of participation rights by their investors. An institution for collective investment Diegeconfronted with reimbursement applications can, after all, be forced to liquidate positions in hair portfolio in order to obtain the necessary liquidity. In the current market conditions, however, it becomes difficult to sell large positions or at least the selling price is in danger of being interesting and possibly even lower than the indicated market price. As a result, investors who, in such circumstances, will be dismissed in the institution for collective investment. The Royal Decree of 15 October 2018 has a number of mechanisms of mechanism whose collective investment institutions can use to retain their liquidity and to avoid problems above. The application of these mechanisms requires the articles of association, the management regulations and the prospectus of the institutions involved possibly making their use, which is often not yet the case. In these circumstances, a temporary relaxation of these mechanisms is proposed, so that they can actually be applied as quickly as possible. The intention that the collective investment in Belgian law investments can use these mechanisms as quickly as possible in view of the current market conditions. These measures are urgent, considered speed of developments in the financial markets. Moreover, it is important that measures are taken quickly in view of the difficulties that institutions for collective investment experience in the organization of their general meetings and therefore in publishing their periodic reports. Tickslot can make the calculation of the net inventory value of the collective investment institutions more difficult in the event of unavailability of a large number of employees due to illness. Consequently, measures to be taken as quickly as possible to enable an institution for collective investment to reduce the frequency of this calculation without a statutory change being necessary; in view of advice 67191/2 of the Council of State, given on April 6, 2020, with application of Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated top 12 January 1973; Considering the Royal Decree of 10 November 2006 on the accounting, the annual accounts and the periodic reports of certain Public Institutions for Collective Investment with a changeable number of rights of participation; Considering the Royal Decree of 12 -November 2012 with regard to management companies of Institutions for Collective Investment Diebolge to the Terms of Directive 2009/65 /EG; Whereas the Royal Decree of 12 November 2012 with regard to the Collective Investment Institutions that comply with the Conditions of Directive 2009/65/EC; , and containing various provisions; on the nomination of the M Inister of Finance and the Minister of Economics, we have decided and we decide: Article 1. § 1. Without prejudice to 189, § 1 of the Royal Decree of 12 November 2012 with regard to the Institutions for Collective Investment that comply with the conditions of Directive 2009/ 65/EC and Article 138, §1 of the Royal Decree of 25 February 2017 with regard to certain public alternative Institutions for collective investment and their management companies, may reduce institutions for collective investment frequency of the implementation of applications for issuing or purchasing rights of participants compartment change and of the calculation of the net inventory value of the rights. The reduction is temporary and only possible if strictly necessary omwillevan the absence due to illness, due to the COVID-19 epidemic, of the necessary personnel to the net inventory worth the rights the rights of participation in calculating according to the fixed frequency.§2. This article applies, notwithstanding any provision in the articles of association, the management regulations, the prospectus or the essential investor information of the collective investment institution.§3. If an institution for collective investment uses the possibility stated in paragraph1, it will announce the new implementation frequency on its website or on that of the management company, as well as in two newspapers that are distributed nationally or in large editions, or via any other equivalent communication tool has been approved by the FSMA.§ 4. This article is applicable July 31, 2020.Art. 2. § 1. The following provisions apply to the Institutions for Collective Investment that comply with the Terms and Conditions of Directive 2009/65/EC: 1 ° Article21/1, second paragraph, 5 ° of the Royal Decree of 10 November 2006 on the accounting, the annual accounts The periodic reports of certain public institutions for collective investment with a changeable number of rights, and point IV, 3.1/1 of Annex A of the Royal Decree of 12 November 2012 with regard to the collective investment institutions that comply with the Conditions of Directive 2009/65/EC do not apply; 2 ° Article 117, § 4, second paragraph, 5 ° and point III, 44 of Annex A of the Royal Decree of 12 November 2012 with regard to the institutions for collective investment that comply with the conditions of Directive 2009/65/EC do not apply; 3 ° Articles 26/1 and 130, § 3, point IV , 5, third line of appetizer A and point 10 of Annex C of the Royal Decree of 12 November 2012 with regard to the collective investment institutions that meet the conditions of Directive 2009/65/EG are not applicable with regard to the mechanism as referred to in Article 198/1 of the same Decree; 4 ° Articles 12, § 3 and 26/1 of the Royal Decree of 12 November 2012 with regard to management companies of collective investment institutions that meet the conditions of Directive 2009/65/EC are not of Application with regard to the mechanism as referred to in Article 198/1 of the Royal Decree of 12 November 2012 with regard to the Collective Investment Institutions comply with the VO or values ​​of Directive 2009/65/EC; 5 ° at the latest the first time that uses made of the mechanism as referred to in Article 21/1 of the Royal Decree of 10 November2006 on the accounting, the annual accounts and the periodic reports of certain public institutions for collective investment with a changeable number of participations, or of the mechanismeals referred to in Article 117, § 4 of the Royal Decree of 12 November 2012 with regard to the collective investment institutions that meet the conditions of Directive 2009/65/EC must be a Message are published on the website of the Institution for Collective Investment or Opdie van de Management Company, as well as in two newspapers that are distributed nationally or in large circulation, or via any other equivalent means that has been approved by the FSMA. The information referred to in points III, 4.4 and IV, 3.1/1 of Annex A of the Royal Decree of 12 November 2012 with the Institutions for Collective Investment that meet the conditions of Directive2009/65/EC is in any case included in this message; 6 ° an institution for collection investment may apply the mechanism as referred to in Article 198/1 of the Royal Decree of 12 November 2012 with regard to the collective investment institutions that meet the conditions of Directive 2009/65/EC only as to a particular Day the negative fluctuation of the balance of Haar Passive, for that day, a percentage exceeds that it has recorded in advance. This percentage test is not published in the prospectus; 7 ° if it is not indicated in the prospectus, which place suspensions of the net inventory value must be announced, this must be made of the mechanism as referred to in Article 198/1 of the Royal Decree, if use is made of the mechanism from 12 November 2012 with regard to the collective investment institutions that meet the conditions of Directive 2009/65/EC, will be announced on the website of the Collective Investment Fore on those of its management company, as well as in two newspapers that are nationally or in large editions are spread, or via any other equivalent means of communication that has been approved by the FSMA.§2. The following provisions apply to public AICBs with a changeable number of rights of participation: 1 ° Article 21/1, second paragraph, 5 ° of the Royal Decree of 10 November2006 on accounting, the annual accounts and the periodic reports of certain public institutions for collective Investment with a changeable number of participation rights, and point IV, 3.1/1 of the Royal Decree A of the Royal Decree of 25 February 2017 with regard to certain public alternative institutions for collective investment and their management companies do not apply; 2 ° Articles 18/1 , 91/1, point IV, 5, third line of Appendix A and point 10 of Annex C of the Spring -Hongeklijk Decree of 25 February 2017 do not apply to the mechanism as referred to in Article 147/1 of the same Decree; 3 ° article 82, § 4, second paragraph, 5 ° and Puntiii, 4.4 of Annex A of the aforementioned Royal Decree do not apply; 4 ° external first time that use is made of the mechanism as referred to in Article 21/1 of the Royal Decree of 10 November 2006 on accounting, the annual accounts and the periodic reports of certain -publiced ​​institutions for collective investment with a changeable number of participation rights, or the mechanism as referred to in Article 82, § 4 of the aforementioned Royal Decree of 25 February 2017, a message must be published on the website of the AICB or on that of the management company, as well as in two newspapers that are distributed nationally or in large editions, or through any other equivalent communication tool approved by the FSMAThe information referred to in points III, 4.4 and IV, 3.1/1 of Annex A of the aforementioned Royal Decree of 25 February 2017 will in any case be included in this message; 5 ° An AICB may be the mechanism as referred to in Article 147/1 of The aforementioned decision of 25 February 2017 only applies if on a certain day the negative fluctuation of the balance of its passive, for that day, a percentage that it has laid down in advance. This percentage should not be published in the prospectus; 6 ° as in The prospectus Nietis indicated in which place suspensions of the net inventory value must be announced, this must, if use is made of the mechanism as referred to in Article 147/1 of the Boring-Bonal Decree of 25 February 2017, will be announced on the website of the AICB or on that of HAAR management company, as well as in two newspapers that are distributed nationally or in large editions, or via any other equivalent communica Middel that has been approved by the FSMA.§3. Outside the rules laid down by this article, the prospectus, the essential investor information, the articles of association or the management regulations of the collective investment institutions as referred to in this article are deemed not to contain any provision that in any way the use of the aforementioned mechanism verpentt , limited or tires. The provisions of this article apply, notwithstanding the provision in the articles of association, the management regulations, the prospectus and the essential investor information.§4. This article applies until July 31, 2020.Art. 3. The periods that are referred to in 1 ° Article 207, first and second paragraph of the Royal Decree of 12 November2012 respectively with regard to the collective investment institutions that meet the conditions of Directive 2009/65/EC, 2 ° Article 156, first and second paragraph of the Royal Decree of 25februari 2017 with regard to certain public alternative institutions for collective investments their management companies, 3 ° Article 32, § 1 of the Royal Decree of 10 November2006 on accounting, the annual accounts and the periodic reports of certain public institutions for collective investment with a changeable number of participation rights are extended: 1 ° by ten weeks before the half -yearly report; 2 ° with the same duration as the postponement of the general meeting, with a maximum of ten weeks, for the annual report. The item applies to each deadline that has entered into no later than 30 April 2020.Art. 4. This decision -reaching the day that it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette.art. 5. Deminister competent for finance and the minister competent for the economy, each with regard to him, taxed with the implementation of this decision.brussel, April 22, 2020.Filip of Koningswege: the Minister of Finance, A De Croode Minister of Economy, N.MuyllePublication: 2020-05-14Numac: 202002086868ministerie of the French Community 7 May 2020.-Decree of the government of the French Community on Special Powers No. 8 on the support of university hospitals in the context of the COVID-19-Health-Healthy of the French Community, in view of the special law of 8 August 1980 for the reform of the institutions, Articles 5, § 1, I, 1 ° and 20 °; Having regard to the Decree of 19 July 2017 relevant residential costs and financing of some heavy devices of the medical -Technical services in university hospitals; Given the decree of 17 March 2020 to the granting of special powers to the government in the context of the COVID-19 Health crisis, Article 1, §1, g); in view of the advice of the Finance Inspector , given on April 17, 2020; having regard to the agreement finding of the Minister of Budget of 7 April 2020; in view of the "Gentertest" of 5 April 2020 carried out in accordance with Article 4, Second L ID, 1 °, of the Decree of 7 January 2016 integration of the gender dimension in all of the policy lines of the French Community; in view of the advice 67.278/4 of the Council of State, issued on 27 April 2020, with application of Article84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the lawie's coordinated lawemia on January 12, 1973 in connection with the distribution of the COVID-19 and the resulting large-scale capacity crisis, in particular in Belgium; 17 March 2020 to pay for special powers to the government in the context of the COVID-19 health crisis grants the government authority to take all useful measures to prevent and treat a problem that would arise within the strict framework of the COVID- 19-Pandemie and its consequences, which must be urgently regulated by serious danger; whom the special decree of 3 April 2014 on the powers of the French Community whose exercise is transferred to the Walloon Region and the French Community Commission; predominant the decision of special powers no. 2 of the government of the French Community of 7 April 2020, taken of the decree of 17 March 2020 to grant special powers to the government the framework of the health crisis of COVID-19 with regard to the establishment of an emergency and support fund; predominantly the number of daily hospital admissions of patients affected by COVID-19 in university hospitals; entail for the university hospitals and in particular for the intensive care departments and the departments responsible for the organization of referring patients in admission; Russian detection tests; predominantly deducting necessity to grant university hospitals an exceptional subsidy to insert them to bear the extra costs for combating the COVID-19; on the nomination of the Minister of University Hospitals; after deliberation, decision: Article1. The aim is to set the conditions for the granting of exceptional subsidies on the university hospitals referred to in Article 2 in the context of the COVID-19 crisis.art.2. This decision applies to the following university hospitals: 1 ° the Centerhospitalier University of the Liège; 2 ° the cliniques university-lucus in Sint-Lambrechts-Woluwe; 3 ° the cliniques university of the Mont-Godinne; 4 ° the Erasmus Hospital in Anderlecht .Art.3. In application of Articles 2, 3 and 6 of the Decree of Special Powers No 2 of the Government of the French Community of 7 April 2020, taken to implement the Decree of 17 March 2020 to the Government of Special Powers to the Government in the context From the health crisis of COVID-19 With regard to the establishment of an emergency and support fund, the government gives the minister competent for university hospitals to include an exceptional subsidy of 7,831,250 euros, divided into the university of the Netherlands referred to in Article 2 Hospitals in accordance with the terms and conditions and with due observance of the conditions set out in Article 4.art.4The exceptional subsidy referred to in Article 3 is granted on condition that the execution cases cover the following costs in connection with the management of the COVID-19-Coronaviruscrisis: 1 ° the costs for the design of additional spaces or the adjustment of existing spaces for the reception , referring or the hospitalization of patients suffering from COVID-19; 2 ° the cost for the purchase or rental of medical and non-medical equipment for the equipment and conditioning of additional or converted spaces for the reception and hospitalization of patients on HetCovid-19 suffer or for the strengthening of the equipment of the analysis laboratories or pharmacy; 3 ° When a University Hospital receives subsidies from other government levels in Belgium, these amounts are taken into account when granting the subsidy, which cannot cover the same goal .Art.5. § 1. The subsidy as referred to in Article 3 is distributed on the university health homes referred to in Article 1 according to the overnight stays of patients suffering from COVID-19S since 1 January 2020, the date of signing this Decree. This ratio is obtained by the cumulated number of overnight stays of patients suffering from COVID-19 in each university hospital by dividing the mentioned period by the total number of overnight stays of patients suffering from COVID-19 in all university hospitals referred to in Article 2 for the same period. §2 The university hospitals give back all the evidence to the administration that demonstrate that the use of the amounts received under the subsidy referred to in Article 3 meets the conditions set in Article4. If it cannot be demonstrated on the basis of the supporting documents that these conditions have been met, the unjust amounts will be reimbursed in accordance with the rules in the decision to grant subsidies.art. 6. The Minister of University Hospitals is responsible for implementing this decision. 7. This decision-reaching the day on which it is signed.brussel, 7 May 2020. The Prime Minister, P.-Y. Education, Education for Social Promotion, University Hospitals, Youth, Justice Houses, Youth, Sport and the Promotion of Brussels, v. Glatigny