Publication: 2020-10-12Numac: 2020031543Federal Public Service Chancellery of the Prime Minister 9 October 2020.-Royal Decree appointing the COVID-19 Commissioner and COVID-ADJUNCT Commissioner and determining their assignment philip, King of the Belgians, to All who will now be the following are, our regards on the Constitution, Article 37; on the nomination of the Prime Minister and of the Minister of Health, we have decided and decided and decisions: Mr Pedro Facon is appointed COVID- 19 Commissioner, hereinafter referred to as "Commissioner ".MEVR. Carole Schirvel is appointed COVID-19 Adjunct Commissioner, hereinafter referred to as "Deputy Commissioner". They are added to the Prime Minister and to the Minister of Health. year, extending with periods of six months. Side in the hands of the Prime Minister and the Minister of Health in Article 2 of the Decree of 20 July 1831 Af.Art. 2. The Commissioners The Deputy Commissioner are charged with the following assignments: 1 ° Formulating, consultations with the competent services, of proposals for simplifying and optimizing the board, structures and processes of the sanitary and multidisciplinary COVID-19 Crisis management, with Including the possibility of proposals regarding Redesign of federal administrations in this regard; 2 ° coordinating contacts with the federal sanitaire and multidisciplinary crisis management account with coordination initiatives at European level; 3 ° without compromising , coordinate and facilitate the development, decision-making, implementation and monitoring of the interfederal strategic and operational COVID-19Plan, including evaluating capacities within the federal administrations involved; 4 ° managing relationships with experts, among other things, proposals for reorganization V the Development Scientific Committees, and make proposals for defining the relationship with the Risk AssessmentGroup, Celeval, High Health Council and other bodies involved; 5 ° Maintaining relations with the social partners and other stakeholders; 6 ° Organize and streamlining the COVID-19Communication, in collaboration with the competent services; 7 ° through an overview of federal staff and operating credits in the context of the post-first COVID-19 Golf, a correct and coordinated rending of federal resources insure, with respect for the role of existing actors in Administrative budget control procedures; 8 ° make proposals for the adequate management structure and processes and, in consultation and cooperation with the competent ministers, perform specific assignments from the Federal Coalition Agreement, without compromising the competence of the Minister of concern. 3. The wage and reimbursements of the Commissioner and Deputy Commissioner are determined by the Prime Minister and the Minister of Health.Art. 4. This Decree performs on 9 October 2020.Art. 5. The Prime Minister and the Minister competent for public health, each with regard to him, charged with the implementation of this decision. Given in Brussels, 9oktober 2020.filip van Koningswege: the Prime Minister, a. The crowd star of public health, f. Vandenbroucke