Publication: 2020-05-04numac: 2020040967brussels-Capital Region12 March 2020.-Decision of the Brussels-Capital Government to designate the members of the selection committee for the allocation of a mandate of deputy director/director-general (A4+) in the regional government service Brussels taxation in the French -speaking language -speaking Brussels -capital government, in view of the special law of 12 January 1989 with regard to the Brussels institutions, in particular Article 40; Having regard to the decision of the Brussels -capital government of 21 March 2018 on the administrative status and the remuneration scheme of the officials Of the regional government services of Brussels, in particular Article 446; predominantly the allocation of a mandate relationship of Deputy Director/Director General (A4+) in the regional government service Brussels Taxation in the French-speaking language role is needed, the members of a selection committee is at in view of the agreement of the Minister of Budget; in view of the fact that Mr. Miguel de Jonckheere (NL) has an expertise on tax law Alprof. Dr. Public Law in the Fiscal Law department. Held on the fact that Mrs. Valerverzele (FR) has expertise on mobility and general management in the public sector, in particular as director-general at the FPS mobility and transportation. Christineberwaerts (NL) has extensive experience with selection and human resources management mainly in deprivésector. Held on the fact that Mr. Alexandre De Munck (FR) has an expertise tax as a legal consultant with regard to tax law. Jean-Paul Gailly (FR, legally bilingual) has great experience in the domain of management in the public sector, given his experience as director-general at the Brussels Public Prosecutor's Government Service for 5 years and as Director-General of Mobility and Road Safety Bij de Federal Public Service Mobility and transport for 11 years. On the recommendation of the minister, after deliberation success, Decree: Article 1. are designated as members of the selection committee for the allocation of a relation to Deputy Director/Director General (A4+) at the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation in the French language role: 1.mijnheer Miguel De Jonckheere (NL) 2. Mrs. Valerie Verzele (FR) 3. Mrs. Christineberwaerts (NL) 4. Mr Alexandre de Munck (FR) 5. Mr Jean-Paul Gailly (FR, legally bilingual) that Mr. Jean-Paul Gailly is appointed as chairman of the selection committee for the allocation of the relation of Deputy Director/Director General (A4+) in the Brussels Fiscity Regulation Service in the French-speaking language role. Art. 2. The Minister competent for the public office is charged with the implementation of this decision. 3. This Decree works the day on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. Brussels, 12 March2020. For the Brussels -Capital Government: r. Vervoort, Prime Minister of the Brussels-Capital Government, competent for territorial development and urban renewal, tourism, the promotion of the image of Brussels and bicultural affairs of Regional, Interest.gatz, minister competent for public officePublication: 2020-04-29Numac: 2020040970 Flemish Government24 April 2020.-Decision of the Flemish Government to regulate certain temporary measures by the civil emergency situation with regard to public health pursuant to the COVID-19 Coronavirus, in terms of the second assessment round of 2020 for project subsidies and stock exchanges within the Arts Decorate Law Decree Decree is based on:- the decree of 20 March 2020 on measures in the event of a civine-sized situation with regard to public health, Article 5. Form-requiring subsequent form requirements have been fulfilled:- the Flemish minister, competent for the budget, has given his agreement on April 23, 2020.- No advice was requested from the Council of State, with application of Article 3, § 1, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973. The urgent possibility does not allow you to wait for the Advice from the Council of State within a short -term period of 5 days, because of the Coronacrisis E n the very rapid evolution of the situation. It is crucial for the arts field that there is immediately clarity about the second subsidy round2020 within the Arts Decree, with the extreme date of May 15, 2020. Maximum legal certainty within the shortest possible term is necessary. Motiveringdit decision is based on the following motives:- The Decree of 20 March 2020 on measures in the event of a civil emergency situation with regard to public health, in Article 5, the Flemish Government grants the authority to work out further rules in the event of a civil emergency situation with regard to public health for suspension, the interruption or extension of procedural periods or the temporary adaptation of procedural or administrative obligations in various decrees and the ERID implementation decisions to ensure maximum legal certainty;- taking into account the coronacrisis and the fulfillment of it for the arts sector, a substan Tieelbudget released for the organization of a second assessment round in 2020 of applications for subsidizing projects and fairs within the Arts Decree. For that reason, the extreme date for this end for this round is changed once of 15 March 2020 in 15 May 2020.- Arts and arts organizations are heavily affected by the coronacrisis. In order to further increase artists and arts organizations, these difficult circumstances continue their practice/operation, the assessment round pre -subsidies with the extreme date of 15 May 2020 will only focus one -time only on short -term trade fairs, projects of individual artists and projects of organizations with a maximum duration of one -year . By focusing on a short duration, the commitments remain limited in these uncertain times for a maximum of one year and more players from the arts sector can be subsidized. of 9 November 2018 on the implementation of the Decree of 13 December 2013 Support for the Professional Arts, applications for project subsidies within the Arts Department Advised by an assessment committee composed of a minimum of 3 and a maximum of 13 members, a chairman of a chairman. At the moment, in view of the applicable corona measures, it is uncertain whether such assessment committees can take place with regard to the subsidy round with the extreme date of 15 May 2020. The reason for a one -off, only within the assessment round of 15 May 2020 for project subsidies from individual artists and Organizations are assessed in the same way as applications for trade fairs: with an ad hoc committee consisting of 3 members of the Pole of Assessers and a Secretary. As a result, the risk is limited to unlawfully composite assessment committees as a result of failure of committee members due to illness or other necessary work as a result of Corona. Small commissions can also be more simpler digital meetings and advise.- The strategic vision note of 1 April 2020 set a number of points of attention first, which must be taken into account in the assessment of applications for project subsidies under this, at the moment under Article 23, § 2, 4 ° of the Arts Decree. Are these points of attention not yet integrated into the Digital Tool Kiosk that is used for submitting and assessing grant applications. Urgent work as a result of the coronacrisisisregen priority. In addition, a large number of files were already in creation for the original submission date of 15 March that have been aligned on the points of attention from the strategic vision pota dd. April 1 ,2015Consequently, the subsidy applications that are submitted at the latest on 15 May 2020 will be assessed once once with the application of the points of attention from the strategic vision pota dd. April 1, 2015., the extreme passing date in 2020 were retained on 15 March and not postponed until 15 May, then the same points of attention would have been applied. Legal Landdit Decree concludes the following regulations:- The Art Decree of 13 December 2013;- The Decree of the Flemish Government of 9 November 2018 on the implementation of the decree of 13 December 2013 on support of the professional arts-- the decision of the Flemish government of 20 March 2020 establishing a civil emergency situation with regard to public health, as stated in the decree of 20 March 2020 on measures in the event of a civil emergency situation with regard to public health. Initiative. Initiativedit Decree is proposed by the Flemish Minister of Foreign Affairs, Culture, ICT and Facility Management. After deliberation, Devlamic Government Decree: Article 1. Contrary to Article 3, second paragraph, 2 °, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 9 NO Vember 2018 concerning the implementation of the Decree of 13 December2013 containing the support of the professional arts, applications for subsidization -off will be submitted in 2020 at the latest on 15 May. These applications relate to projects that start in the period from 1 September to 31 December 2020.Art. 2. Contrary to Article3 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 9 November 2018 on the implementation of the Decree of 13 December 2013 containing the support of the Professional Arts, on 15 May 2020, one -mole request for subsidies will be submitted as stated in Article 15, 21 and 30 of the Arts Decree.voorde application of the first paragraph, contrary to Article 21 and Article 30 of the Arts Decree Response Project Subsidies for artists and project subsidies for organizations, are one -off for organizations for a duration of a maximum of one year.Art. 3. Contrary to Article 16, first paragraph, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 9 November 2018 on the implementation of the Decree of 19 December 2013 containing the support of the professional arts, for the advice of the subsidies are stated in Article 21 and in Article 30 of the Arts Decree once before the Tour of 15 May 2020 ad hoc committees that consist of three members of the pool of assessors and secretary, who is employed by the administration.art. 4. In implementation of Article 23, § 2, 4 °, of the Arts Decree, the AD HOC committee as stated in Article 3 still holds the one -off account with the strategic vision note of 1 April 2015.Art. 5. This decision has elaboration with effect from 15 March 2020.Art. 6. The Flemish Minister, competent for culture, is taxed with the implementation of this decision.brussel, 24 April 2020. The Prime Minister of the Flemish Government, Flemish Minister of Foreign Affairs, Culture, ICT and Facility Management, J.JambonPublication: 2020-05-11Numac: 2020040971federal Public Service Finance23 April 2020.-Act changes to the added value of the added value, the 1992 Income Tax Code, the Code of the amicable and forced collection of tax and non-fiscale claims and the Program Act (i) of 29 March 2012, regarding the processing of personal data via the e-notariaat Filip, King of the Belgians, to all who will be present and hereinafter we have accepted the Chamber of Representatives, which follows, which follows : Title 1 - General provision article 1. This law regelt a matter as referred to in Article 74 of the Constitution 2 - Changes of the Tax on the added value, the Income Tax Code of the Income Tax1992, the Code of the Enhancement and Forced Collection of Fiscal and non-tax claims, and the Program Act (i) of 29 March 2012, regarding the e-memorandum Romaniacades 1 - Changes of the Tax of the Tax on the added value art. 2. In Article 93ter, §1, of the Tax on the added value, inserted by the law of 8 August1980, replaced by the law of 11 February 2019 and lifted by the law of 13 April 2019, except for the cases referred to In Article 138 of that Act, the following changes are made: 1) In the first paragraph, the introductory sentence is replaced as follows: "In order to collect the treasury, with the eye of the collection of the added value and associated tax state to take uniform mortgage on a property that is susceptible to the object of a designaktot totot or mortgage use, are the notaries requested to make a deed that the alienation or the mortgage use of a good property has been subject to object , personally liable within the meaning of Article 1382 of the Dutch Civil Code, for the payment of the tax on the added value and associated that to a Mortgage registration can give rise to the reason if they do not report: "; 2) in the first paragraph, 2 °, the word" letter "is replaced by the word" shipment "; 3) Four members are inserted between the first and second paragraph, reading: "The message states the identity of the sender, the property that is the object of the deed referred to in the first paragraph and the identity of the owner or holder of a commercial right to that good. For the application of this provision, the identity of the Sender, the name, first name, capacity, address and company number. For the application of this provision, the identity of the owner or holder of a commercial law includes: a) Voordatuurlijke Persh: the name, first names and the identification number of the National Register, or in the event of a default the identification number at the Crossroads Bank of Social Security, or in the absence of such numbers, their date of birth; b) for legal persons: the name, legal form and the business numme r.voorde application of this provision includes the identification of the property that is the object of the deed in the first paragraph, the nature of the good, his address, the number of the cadastral layer, and if this data is known, the selling price and the mortgage situation. "; 4) In the second paragraph, that it becomes sixth paragraph, the words" in the first paragraph "are inserted between the word" there "and the words" not past ".Art. 3. In Article 93quater of the same Code, inserted by the Act of 8 August 1980, replaced by the law of 11 February 2019 and canceled by the law of 13 April2019 except for the cases referred to in Article 138 of that Act, the following amendments will be made: 1) In paragraph 1, 2 °, the word "letter" is always replaced by the word "shipment"; 2) The article is supplemented with a paragraph 4, reading: "§4. The information is being taken in the notification intended in this The same is the same regardless of whether they were chased by electronic or by registered mission. In the case of an electronic shipment, the origin and integrity of the content of the notification are ensured by means of appropriate security techniques. The applied technology is assured that only the authorized representatives have access to the resources with which the electronic certificate GEC is realized. The procedures set out allow the natural person responsible for the shipment, as well as the moment of shipmentThe sole purpose of implementing the provisions in this section is identified by the taxpayer either by the identification number of the National Register or, in the absence of it, the identification number at the Social Security Crossroads Bank, when it is a natural person or by the identification number of the intersection bank of companies, when it comes to a legal person. ". Art. 4. Article 93octies of the same Code, inserted by the law of 8 August 1980 and canceled by the Act of 11 February 2019, is repeated as follows:" Art. 93OCTIES. The Federal Public Service Finance represented by the President of the Executive Committee is the controller within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 of the European Parliament and the Council on the protection of Nernatural Persons in connection with the processing of personal data and concerning the free movement of that data and withdrawal of directive 95/46/EC, and of the law of 30 July 2018 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data, for the collection and storage of the data received from the notaries In the implementation of Article93ter, its use to check whether the persons mentioned therein are debtors of a certain debt to the tax administration, the notification of these debts, the statement of debts to the notaries concerned and, where appropriate, take of the necessary measures for the registration of the statutory mortgage. The information included in the message, the notifications the information or referred to in Articles 93ter, 93Quater and 93quinquies are stored by Defederal Public Service Finance until 31 December of the year following the year where the prescription of all acts is required to the legal mortgage from the treasury guarantees or to be able to establish liability claims in order to insure the recovery of Debefassing on the added value and associated, which belong to the jurisdiction of the Controller Responsible Property in the first paragraph and, where appropriate, the full payment of all with it Connected amounts were realized and the associated procedures and administrative and judicial professions have been concluded. ". Chapter 2 - Changes to the Code of the income taxes1992Art. 5. In Article 412bis of the Code of Income Taxes 1992, inserted on the law of 28 December 1992 and amended by the law of 11 February 2019, the following amendments are made: 1) The article is replaced as follows: "Art. 412bis. §. §. 1. Infpression of Article 412, second paragraph, the withholding tax with regard to the capital gains stated in Article 272, second paragraph, is affordable when registering the deeds or statements stated in Article 270, first paragraph, 5 °. The in Article 270, first paragraph, 5 °, stated persons have been kept to, when registration of the deed or the statement that the transfer has been established, on the office stated in Article 39 of the Code of Registration, Mortgage and Cortaign rights, the withholding tax , determined in accordance with Chapter V, Section 8, of Annex III of the Royal Decree of 27 August 1993 implementing the Code of Income Taxes 1992, to be paid with the Meerwaa that are included in the profit or benefits stated in Article 228, § 2, 3 °, a and 4 °, and which have been realized in the transfer under the objectionable title of immovable property in Belgium or of business rights with regard to such immovable goods, taxpayers subject to non-residents, item 169ter of the Registration Code, mortgage and court fees applies to the withholding tax with regard to the additional values ​​referred to in the first paragraph and the second paragraph that when registering the deed Whether the declaration must be paid.§ 2. If paragraph 1 must be applied to insure the collection of the withholding tax with regard to the capital gains, the debtors of withholding tax stated in Article270, first paragraph, 5 ° are required, the report stated in article 433 to establish that also reports all the data required for the calculation of the company for lift with regard to the achieved capital gains and possibly to justify the costs of and releases the transferor to deduct from the transfer price or to add to the acquisition price. The message also states the identity of the sender, the property that the object of the deed or the declaration referred to in Article 270, first paragraph, 5 °, and the identity of the owner of a commercial right to that goodFor the purposes of this provision, the identity of the sender, the name, first name, capacity, address and business number. For the application of this provision, the identity of the owner or holder of a commercial law includes: a) for natural persons: the name, first names and the identification number of the National Register, or Boleship of it the identification number at the Social Security Crossroads Bank, or in the absence of such numbers, their date of birth; b) for legal entities: the name, legal form and the business number. For the application of this provision includes the identification of the correct that the object is the deed or the statement referred to in paragraph 1, the nature of the good, address, the number of the cadastral layer, and if this information is known, the selling price and the mortgage state. The message referred to in the first paragraph, before registration, must be communicated to: 1 ° the Staff Service Information and Communication Technology of the Federa LE Government Service Finance, and this electronic manner; 2 ° the competent recipient if the notification of the message Niet can be done in accordance with 1 ° due to force majeure or a technical malfunction. In that case, the report will be communicated by registered shipment. If the deed or statement for which in paragraph 1 is not the past will be calculated within three months of the shipment of the message, the message will be considered as non -existent. When the message is communicated agreement greatet Sixth paragraph, 1 °, the shipping date of the message is understood to mean the date of receipt of receipt by the Staff Service Information and Communication Technology of the Federal Public Service Finance. When the same message is sent in succession according to the procedures supply and in the sixth paragraph, 1 ° and 2 ° respectively , then the message will only be drawn up in accordance with the sixth paragraph, 2 °, only if its shipping date is the shipping date of the message set in accordance with the sixth paragraph, 1 °, prior to the recipients, the debtors stated in paragraph 2, within the deadline in Article 434, by registered shipment notified of the amount of the withholding tax due pursuant to Article 273, 2 °, with regard to the capital gains realized on the goods that are the object of the deed or the statement intended in paragraph 1. In case of public sale, the recipients will, in deviation from The first paragraph, to the debtor of the withholding tax, only inform the Hetotal amount that must be deducted from the transfer price to obtain the amount of the achievement value so that, like the withholding tax due, he can be calculated by the aforementioned debtor.§ 4 . The debtor of the withholding tax submits, before registration, the notification stated in paragraph 3 charged to the recipient charged with the registration fan the deed or of the statement that determines the transfer. The recipient can make the registration base dependent on the deed or statement on the submission of a certificate that you ITGAT of the competent administration charged with the establishment of the income taxes, whereby the transferor is not a taxpayer as referred to in Article 227, 1 ° or 2 ° .§5. After receipt of the withholding tax due, the recipient of the registration will complete the notification stated in paragraph3 and issue in duplicate to the debtor of the withholding tax. This last will be a copy to the transferor of the property or from the business rights with relationship until that good handing over to him to fill his declaration in the tax on non-residential Indentators. The recipient of the registration sends a copy of the notification of the administration of the administration in the first paragraph with the establishment of the income taxes.§ 6. The king determines the entries that appear in the message referred to in paragraph 2, first paragraph. "; 2) in paragraph 2, first paragraph, the words" in Article 433 "are replaced by the words", depending on the case, in Article 433 or In Article 35 of the Code of the amicable and forced collection of tax and non-tax claims "; 3) in paragraph 3, first paragraph, the words" in Article 434 "are replaced by the words", depending on the case, in Article 434 or in Article 36 of the Code of the amicable and forced collection of tax and non-tax claims ".Art.6. In Article 433, § 1, of the same Code, replaced by the law of 11 February 2019 and lifted by the law of 13 April 2019, excluding the cases referred to in Article 138 of that Act, the following changes will be made: 1) The introductory sentence will be replaced as follows: "§ 1In order to enable the treasury, with a view to recovery of income taxes and associated, to take a legal mortgage on a good mortgage that makes it object to a draft deed for alienation or mortgage use, the notaries requesting a to draw up a deed that has the alienation or the mortgage use of a good object to it for mortgage -affordable, personally liable within the meaning of Article 1382 of the Civil Code, for the payment of taxes and associated that can give rise to a mortgage registration when they Do not report this to: "; 2) In the first paragraph, 2 °, the word" letter "is replaced by the word" shipment "; 3) The paragraph is supplemented with four members, reading:" The message states the identity of the sender, the good that the object of the deed referred to in the first paragraph and the identity of the owner or holder of a business right on D at good. For the application of this provision, the identity of the sender, the name, first name, capacity, address and company number. For the application of this provision vessel, the identity of the owner or holder of a commercial law: a) for natural persons : the name, first names and the identification number of the National Register, or in the absence of the identification number at the Crossroads Bank of Social Security, or in the absence of such numbers, their date of birth; b) for legal entities: the name, legal form and the company number. For The application Vandeze provision includes the identification of the property that is the object of the deed referred to in the Primary member, the nature of the good, its address, the number of the cadastral layer, and if this data is known, the selling price and the mortgage state . ". Art. 7. In Article 434 of the same Code, replaced by the law of 11 February 2019 and eliminated by the law of 13 April 2019, excluding the cases referred to in Article 138 of that Act, the following changes are made: 1) in paragraph 1, 2 °, the word "letter" is always replaced by the word "shipment"; 2) The article is supplemented with a paragraph 4, reading: "§ 4. The information recovered in the notification in this article are the same regardless of whether they were communicated via electronic road or via registered mission. In the case of an electronic shipment, the re -roses are insured the integrity of the content of the notification by means of appropriate security techniques. The notice that notification would be valid, an electronic certificate is used. The applied technique is insured that only the authorized persons have access to the resources with which the electronic certificate is created. The procedure set out s Allow the natural person to identify for the shipment, as well as the moment of shipment. With the sole purpose of performing the provisions referred to in this section, the taxpayer is identified or indeed by the identification number of the National Register or, failing to do so, the identification number The Crossroads Bank of Social Security, when it comes to a natural person, or through the identification number of the intersection bank of companies, when it comes to a legal person. ". Art.8. Article 438 of the same Code, abolished by the law of 11 February 2019, will be restored as follows: "Art.438. The Federal Public Service Finance represented by the chairman of the Executive Committee The Controller within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 of Heturopean Parliament and of the Council on the protection of natural persons in connection with the processing of personal data and on the free movement of that data and to the withdrawal of Directive95/46/EC, and of the law of 30 July 2018 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data, for the collection and storage of the data received from the notaries in the execution of Articles 412bis and 433, their use to check whether de people mentioned therein are debtors of a certain debt to the tax administration, the notification of these debts, the notification of the They debts to the notaries involved and, in the context, taking the necessary measures for the registration of the statutory mortgageThe data included in the message and notification or referred to in Article 412bis, §§2 and 3, and in the report, the notification and information or referred to in Article 433, 434 and 435 are stored by the Federal Public Service Finance until 31 December of December of December of December 31 of December the year in the year in which the prescription takes place of all actions required to guarantee the legal mortgage of the treasury or to establish liability claims in order to collect the collection of withholding tax with regard to the capital gains stated in Article 272, second paragraph, and of the income taxes and the income taxes and the income taxes and income taxes and to be insured, which belong to the competence of the Controller's Property Preservatory in the first paragraph and, where appropriate, the full payment of all associated amounts was realized and the associated procedures and administrative and judicial professions are concluded. "Chapter 3 - change n of the Program Act (i) of March 29 ,2012Art. 9. Article 157 of the Program Act (i) of 29 March 2012, replaced by the law of 13 April 2019, will be replaced as follows: "Art. 157. § 1 To ensure the collection of insured and fixed tax debts within the meaning of article 158, and owed by the testator, all -overs and legatees, or the beneficiaries of a contractual inheritance made by the testator, are the notaries requested to draw up a deed or certificate of succession in Article 1240bis of the Civil Code, personally liable personally In the meaning of Article 1382 of Het Burgendijk Code, for the payment of the deceased's debts, heirs and legatees of the identity are stated in the deed or certificate, or the beneficiaries of a contractual heir to the tester, provided that the debts are the debts can be the subject of a notification intention in Article 158 if they do not report this to: 1 ° the service charged with information and communica Tietechnology of the Federal Public Service Finance, and this electronically; 2 ° the official designated by the king of the general administration of the patrimony documentation, if the message cannot be communicated due to force majeure or a technical malfunction in accordance with 1 °. In that case, the message will be sent by registered shipment. When it will be caused by the testator, the liability referred to in the first paragraph is limited to the value of the estate. When it concerns debts. the value of the credits that are stated to the right to the identity of the identity is stated in the deed or certificate and concerning which the notary can be held liable.§ 2. If the deed or certificate for which there is no drawn up within the shipment of the message, it is considered non -existent.§3. If the same message is given in succession in accordance with the procedures foreseen, first paragraph, 1 ° and 2 °, then the message will be drawn up in accordance with paragraph 1, first -line, 2 °, only if the shipping date thereof the shipping date of the report drawn up paragraph 1 will , first paragraph, 1 °, preceded.§ 4. If the message is given in accordance with paragraph 1, first paragraph, 1 °, the date of the notice of receipt sent by the Service charged with information Encommunication technology of the Federal Public Service Finance.§ 5. The report states the identity of the testator, of its heirs or legatearies as well as any beneficiary a contractual inheritance. For the application of this provision, the identity: a) for natural persons: the name includes , The first name and, where appropriate, the identification number of the National Register O f, in the absence thereof, the identification number at the intersection bank of the social security of those involved, or, in the absence of such numbers, their date of birth; b) for legal persons, trusts, fiducies or similar legal forms: the social name, the social seats, in Applicable, the identification number at the intersection bank of companies.§6. The King determines the practical conditions of application of this article. ". Art. 10. In the same law, an Article 157/1 is inserted:" Art. 157/1. § 1In order to ensure the collection of certain and fixed tax debts within the meaning of Article 158/1, and owed by the testator, his heirs and legatoraries, or the beneficiaries of a contractual inheritance made by the testator, are notaries who have been requested for a In Article 1240bis of the Civil Code, the deed or certificate of succession to be drawn up to be personally liable within the meaning of Article 1382 of Het Burburgish Code, for the payment of the declaration of the testator, his heirs and legatories of the identity stated in the deed or the certificate, or the beneficiaries of a contractual inheritance made by the testater, provided that those debts can be the subject of a notification intended in Article 158/1 and provided that the collection of those debts an executable title as intended in Article 138 of the Act of 13 April 2019 to introduce the amicable and forced investment of tax and non-tax SC Huld claims exists before 1 January 2020, if they report there to: 1 ° the service charged with information and communication technology of the Federal Public Service Finance, and this electronically; 2 ° the following officials, when the message for force majeure or a technical malfunction cannot be communicated 1 °:- the recipients including the testator and the legal persons of whom the identity is stated in the deed or certificate of succession, as well as the recipient of the service designated by the King for this, when the testator and/or a of his right-wing people staying abroad;- the official of the general administration panel the patrimony documentation designated by the king. In that case, the message will be sent by registered mail. When debt is a burden The testator is the liability referred to in the first paragraph limited to the value of the estate. If the g for debts the legal liability referred to in the first paragraph limits limited to the value of the rights of the rights of which the identity is stated in the deed or certificate and concerning which denotaris can be held liable.§ 2. If the deed Whether the certificate that Speaking is drawn up within three months of the shipment of the message is still considered existing.§ 3. If the same message is given in succession, the procedures will be provided in paragraph 1, first paragraph, 1 ° and 2 °, Then the report will only pretend that the set -up, paragraph 1, first paragraph, 2 °, will prelude if the shipping date thereof is drawn up in accordance with paragraph 1, first paragraph, 1 °, prior to the message. If the message is given in accordance with paragraph 1, first paragraph, 1 °, the date of sending the message is understood to mean the date of the receipt notified by Dedienst charged with information and communication technology of the Federal Public Service Finance.§5. The message states the identity of the testator, of his heirs or legatearies as well as any beneficiary of a contractual inheritance. For the application of this provision vessel the identity: a) for natural persons: the name, first name and, where appropriate, the Identification number of the National Register or, in the absence thereof, the identification number at Dekruissruntbank of the Social Security of those involved, or, in the absence of such numbers, their date of birth; b) for legal persons, trusts, fiducias or similar legal forms: the social name, dematic Seat and, where appropriate, the identification number at the intersection bank of companies.§6. The King determines the practical conditions of this article. ". Art. 11. Article158 of the same law, replaced by the law of 13 April 2019, will be replaced as follows:" Art.158. The recipient of the general administration of the general administration of the patrimony documentation for the recovery of the tax debt may be to the notary sent to the notary sent in Article 157, before the expiry of the twelfth working day following the shipping date of that message, knowledge of the existence, entertainment the testator or another person mentioned in the message, of a tax debt principal, fines and associated, stating for each of the debtors of the amount of the aforementioned debt: 1 ° electronically, according to the procedure determined by the king ; 2 ° by registered shipment, if the notification of the notification because of force majeure or a technical restoration cannot be communicated in accordance with 1 °, or if the notary sent the message referred to in Article157, § 1, by registered shipmentIf the same notification is sent in succession in accordance with the procedures, respectively in the first paragraph, 1 ° and 2 °, the message will only be prepared in accordance with the first paragraph, 2 °, only if the shipping date for the shipping date is drawn up in accordance with the first paragraph, 1 °, preceding. The first paragraph only applies to the extent that that tax debt is a certain and fixed debt. The notification has been announced in accordance with the first paragraph, 1 °, the date of sending danking must be informed by the date of the receipt confirmation by The information and communication technology service The sender of the message referred to in Article 157, § 1. The information recovered in this article are the same regardless of whether they were communicated via electronic road or by registered mission. In case of an electronic shipping, are The re -roses the integrity of the Hou d of the notification insured by means of appropriate security techniques. The notice that notification would be valid, an electronic certificate is used. Occasionally the applied technique is assured that only the authorized persons have access to the means with which the electronic certificate is created. The procedures set out to identify the natural person responsible for the shipment, as well as the moment of shipment. With the sole purpose of carrying out the provisions referred to in the fifth to the ninth paragraph, the tax is guided or by the identification number of the National Register or, in the absence of it, The identification number at the Social Security Crossroads Bank, when it comes to a natural person, either by the identification number of the intersection bank of companies, when it comes to a legal person. ". Art. 12. In the same law, an Article 158/1 is inserted, reading: "Art.158/1. The recipient or service competent for the collection of the tax debt can be sent to the notary who has sent it in Article 157/1, before the expiry of the twelfth working day following the date of sending that message, knowledge of the existence of the testator or another person in the message stated in the message, of a tax debt consisting of taxes, associated, increases fines, provided that the collection of that debt an enforceable title as referred to in Article 138 of the Act of 13 April 2019 in the introduction of the Code of the amicable and forced collection of fiscal and non-fiscal claims exists before 1 January 2020, with a statement for each of the debtors of the amount of the above the debt referred to: 1 ° in an electronic way, according to the king certain procedure; 2 ° in a registered shipment, when the notification, Omwillevan Overmach t or a technical malfunction cannot be communicated in accordance with 1 °, or if Denotaris has communicated the message referred to in Article 157/1, § 1, by registered mission. When the same notification is sent in succession in accordance with the proceedings or the first paragraph, 1 respectively, 1 ° and 2 °, the message will be drawn up in accordance with the first paragraph, 2 °, if the shipping date thereof the shipping date of the message drawn up agreement first paragraph, 1 °, precedes the first paragraph only applies insofar as that tax debt is a one Certain and fixed debt. When the notification is announced is Agreement first paragraph, 1 °, the date of sending the notification is the date of the receipt of receipt by the Information and Communication Technology department of the sender of the message in Article 157/1 , § 1. The information resoured in the notification intended in this article n The same regardless of whether they were communicated by electronic or by registered mail. InsVal of an electronic shipment, the origin and integrity of the content of the notification is taken into account by means of appropriate security techniques. Used. The applied technology is assured that only the authorized persons have access to the means with which the electronic certificate is being created. The procedures set in operation allow the natural person to identify the shipment, as well as the moment of shippingWith the only referred to provisions referred to in the fifth to the ninth paragraph, the taxpayer is identified or indeed by the identification number of the National Register or, in the absence of it, the identification number at the social security intersection bank, when it comes to a natural person, either through the identification number of the Kruispuntbank of Enterprises, when it comes to a legal person. ". Art.13. In Article 159 of the same law, replaced by the law of 13 December 2012 and amended by the Act of 11 February 2019, the following changes will be changes applied: a) In the first paragraph, words "when applying Article 158" always replaced by the words "when applying the articles 158 and 158/1"; b) In the third paragraph, the words "in accordance with Article 158" and the words "stipulated in Article 157, § 1" or replaced by the words "corresponding articles 158 and 158/1" and the words "stipulated in articles 15 7, § 1, and 157/1, §1 ".Art. 14. In Article 160 of the same law, amended by the laws of December 13, 2012 and 11 February 2019, the following changes are made: a) In paragraph 1, the words "when applying Article 158" and the words "referred to in Article 158" respectively, the words "when application of Articles 158 and 158/1" and the words "referred to in Articles 158 EN158/1"; B) in paragraph 2, a), the words "When applying Article 158" are replaced by the Words "When applying Articles 158 and 158/1"; c) in paragraph 3, the words "of which in Article 158" are replaced by the words "of which Articles 158 and 158/1" .Art. 15. Article 161 of the same law, replaced by the law of 11 February 2019, will be replaced as follows: "Art. 161. The message referred to in Articles 157 and 157/1 is made in accordance with the model determined by the king." Art . 16. In the same law, Article 161/1 is inserted: "Art. 161/1. The Federal Public Service Finance represented by the chairman of the Executive Committee is the controller within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the protection of Natural Persons in connection with the processing of personal data and on the free movement of that data and withdrawal of Directive 95/46/EC, and of the law of 30 July 2018 protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data, for the collection and storage of data received from the notaries in the execution of articles157 and 157/1, their use to check whether the persons mentioned therein, are debtors of a certain debt to the tax administration, the notification of these debts, the notification of these debts to the notaries involved t one of the collection of these debts. No later than 31 December of the year following the year where the prescription of all actions takes place to ensure the collection of the certain and proof tax debts within the meaning of Articles 158 and 158/1, owed by the testator, his heirs and legatoraries or legatearies or the beneficiaries of a contractual inheritance made by the testator to be able to set liability claims in order to recover the collection of these debts that belong to the competence of the controller referred to in the first paragraph, where appropriate, the full payment of all amounts associated with it realized was connected to it pro Cedures and administrative and judicial professions are definitively concluded. ". Chapter4 - Changes to the Code of the amicable and forced collection of tax and non -tax debt claims art. 17In Article 35, § 1, of the Code of the amicable Enged forced collection of tax and non-tax claims, the following changes are made: 1) The introductory sentence of the first paragraph is replaced as follows: "To the treasury, with the eye The recovery of tax and non-tax claims, enabling a legal mortgage to take a good mortgage that the object of a draft deed to alienation or mortgage use is the notary requested to draw up a deed that the alienation or the mortgage use of a good-to-do good object has, personally liable, within the meaning of Article 1382 of the Dutch Civil Code, for the payment of the tax and non-tax debt claims that can give rise to a mortgage registration if he does not notice it indicates: "; 2) Four members are inserted between the first and second paragraphs, reading:" The message states the identity of the sender, the good that is the object of the deed referred to in the Highth Member and the identity of the owner or holder of a commercial right to that good. Application of this provision includes the identity of the sender, the name , first name, capacity, address and company number. For the application of this provision, the identity of the owner or holder of a commercial law includes: a) for natural persons: the name, first names the identification number of the National Register, or in the absence of the identification number Social Security intersection bank, or in the absence of such numbers, their date of birth; b) for legal persons: the name, legal form and the company number. For the application of the provision includes the identification of the property that is the object of the deed referred to in The Primary member, the nature of the good, his address, the number of the cadastral layer, and if this information is known, the selling price and the hypo Thecaire situation. "; 3) In the second paragraph, that is the sixth member, the words" in the first paragraph "are inserted between the word" there "and the words" non -history ".Art. 18. The following changes are made in Article 36 of the same Code: 1 ° In the first paragraph, the words "that the object of the deed is:" replaced by the words "that the object is of the deed and where appropriate that he a legal mortgage on the property has written for the amount of these debts: "; 2 ° The article is supplemented with six paragraphs, reading:" The information resources in the notification intended in this article are the same regardless of them via electronic or via registered mission. In the case of an electronic shipment, the origin and integrity of the content of the notification are insured through the means of appropriate security techniques. Certificate is used to use the notification. The applied technology is assured that a few -person authorized persons have the resources with which the electronic certificate creates. The procedure set in operation as a result of the natural person responsible for the sending, as well as the moment of shipment. With the sole purpose of carrying out the provisions intended in the fourth to eighth paragraph, the taxpayer is identified of the identification number of the National Register or, failing to do so , The Identification Number Bij de Kruispuntbank of Social Security, when it comes to a natural person, or by the identification number of the intersection bank of companies, when it comes to a legal person. ". Art.19. In the same code, an article 37/1 is inserted, reading: "Art. 37/1. The Federal Government Service Finance represented by the chairman of the Executive Committee is the Controller of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 of the European Parliament and the Council concerning the protection of natural persons in connection with the processing of personal data and the relevant free movement of that data and withdrawing Directive 95/46/EC, and of the law of 30 July 2018 on the protection of natural persons with regard to process personal data, for the collection and storage of the data received from the notaries in accordance with article 35, their use to check whether the persons mentioned therein are debtors of a certain debt, the notification of these debts, the communication of these debts to the involved notaries and, where appropriate, taking the necessary e measures for the registration of the legal mortgageThe data included in the message, notification and information or intended in Articles 35, 36 and 37 are stored by the Federal Public Service Finance until the latest December 31 of the year following the year in which the prescription of all actions is required the statutory mortgage of to guarantee the treasury or to be able to insert liability claims in order to ensure the collection of fiscal and non-tax claims that belong to the authority of the controller referred to in the first paragraph and, in the occasional matter, the full payment of all associated amounts was realized and the associated procedures and administrative and judicial professions are definitively concluded. ". Art. 20. In Article 40 of the same Code, the words" 35 to 39 "are replaced by the words" 35 to 37 and 38 to 39 ".Art. 21. In Article 43, § 1, of the same Code, the introductory mean is replaced As follows: "In order to insure the collection of certain and fixed tax and non-tax claims, which are the testator, heirs and legatoraries or the beneficiaries of a recontriced inheritance made by the testator are the notaries requested to be an article 1240bis of the Civil Code referred to as the deed or certificate of succession, personal liability within the meaning of Article 1382 of the Dutch Civil Code, for the payment of the heirs and legatories of which are stated in the deed or the deed or the deed or the certificate, or the beneficiaries of a contractual inheritance made by the testator, sums of tax and non-tax claims that can be notified in accordance with article 44, if they do not report this to: "Art. 22. Article 44 of the same Code is supplemented by a paragraph 4, reading: "§ 4. The information repeated in deantics are intended to be the same regardless of whether they were communicated via electronic road or by registered mail. In case of an electronic shipping, be The origin and the integrity of the content of the notification is insured by means of appropriate security techniques. The notice that the notification would be valid, an electronic certificate is used. Our applied technology is ensured that only the authorized persons have access to the resources with which the electronic certificate is created. The procedures set in operation allow the natural person to identify for the shipment, as well as the moment of the shipment. Met any purpose to perform the provisions referred to in this section, the taxpayer is identified or indeed by the identification number of the National Register or b IJ lack, the identification number at the Crossroads Bank of Social Security, when it comes to a natural person, or through the identification number of the intersection bank of companies, when it comes to a legal person. ". Art.23. In Title 3, Chapter 3, Section 3, Subsection 2 of the same Code, an article 47/1 -gain, reading: "Art. 47/1. The Federal Public Service Finance represented by the chairman of the Executive Committee is the controller within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the protection of Natatural Persons in connection with the processing of personal data and on the free movement of that data and withdrawing Directive 95/46/EC, and of the law of 30 July 2018 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data, for the collection and storage of data received from the notaries in accordance with Article 43, to check whether the persons stated therein, debtor of a certain debt, the notification of these debts, are the announcement of these debts to the notary concerned Senteeinde to insure the collection of these debtsThe data included in the message and notification or referred to in Articles 43 and 44 are kept by the federal public service finances until the latest December 31 of the year following the year in which the limitation period takes place of all actions required to ensure the collection of certain and fixed tax and non-fiscal debt receivables, owed by the testator, his heirs and legatories or beneficiaries of a contractual inheritance made by the testator or to be able to insure liability claims in order to ensure the collection of these debts that belong to the competence of the first paragraph. and, where appropriate, the full payment of all associated amounts was realized and the associated procedures and administrative and judicial professions have been concluded with it. " IT operation with effect from December 30, 2019, with the exception of articles5, 2) and 3), and 9 and 11 that have elaboration with effect from 1 January 2020. The chapter 4 of Title 2 has elaboration with effect from January 1, 2020. Law, order that they will be held with the country's seal and will be announced by the Belgian Official Gazette. Gas Brussels, 23 April 2020.Filipvan Koningsweight: The Vice-first Minister of Finance, a. The Croomet 's Lands seal sealed: the Minister of Justice, k. Geens _______ Note (1) Chamber of representatives (www.dekamer.be) Pieces: K55-0910/010integral report.Publication: 2020-04-29Numac: 2020040984federal Public Security Service Social Security 27 April 2020.-Royal Decree No. 13 amending the law of 23 March 2020 amending the law of 22 December 2016, the introduction of a right of bridging in favor of the self-employed and to introduction of temporary measures in the context of COVID-19 in favor of the self-employed, in particular with regard to the expansion to certain self-employed people in secondary occupation and active retirement report of the Koningsire, the draft decision that we have to submit the honor to sign your Majestitit in signature the aims for the reinforcement of the temporary crisis measures taken in the social status of the self-employed in the context of COVID-19. This design contains three measures of self-employed people who are taken by the crisis. The first measure provided for the granting of a partial financial benefit of the temporary Crisis measure bridging reC For certain self-employed people in secondary occupation and active pensioners who are obliged to interrupt their activity by COVID-19. Currently, the temporary crisis measure bridges-determining self-employed person who must interrupt their activity in full or partially in states to enjoy a monthly replacement income of 1,291.69 € (1,614.10 € with family burden). The intended interruption consists either of a complete (bars, restaurants, retail shops, ...) or a partial interruption (catering restricted to take-away, ...) imposed by the sanitary measures of the ministerial decisions of 13, 18, 23 and March 24 and April 3, 2020, or - for Deneere sectors - from a full voluntary interruption of at least 7 consecutive calendar days with the COVID -19 crisis. Being intended by these existing measures, only the independent contributions pay in main occupation (self -employed in main occupation and the self-employed person in a secondary occupation pay their contributions on the basis of a net taxable income that is higher than 13,993.78 euros). However, the following is two non-intended categories of the self-employed, who, if they have to interrupt their activity by the COVID- 19 -Risis, also a loss of income and purchasing power: 1 ° the self -employed in secondary occupation whose legally due Evocent contributions are calculated on a reference income of N-3 that is between 6,996.89euro and 13,993.78 euros. For example, it involves a wage-earning (half-time or full-time) that has a relatively large activity in a secondary occupation (bar, paramedical activity, Shop, ...) that he obliges to interrupt through the crisis. A break that would affect him or her in March and April, would be entitled to a financial benefit that can amount to a maximum of 645.85 euros (807.05 at family burden) each month, this amount corresponds to half of the traditional amount of the financial lit. For this category, the cumul between the half financial benefit and other replacement income is only permitted insofar as the sum of the temporary crisis measure bridging rights does not exceed the total amount of 1,614.10 euros per month. In case of exceeding, the temporary crisis measure is reduced in bridging rights in the amount of this overrun. If we take the example of the employee who, because of the interruption of his employee activity (force majeure), will receive a temporary unemployment benefit, for example due to force majeure, in the amount of 1,100 euros: he will then have the interruption of his independent activity Omwillevan-199 can enjoy an amount of maximum 514.10 euros (regardless of family burden or not). In the same example, if its temporary unemployment benefit amounts to 700 euros, the benefit in the framework of the temporary crisis measure will be bridged 684.85 euros (807.05 if with family burden) amounts.2 ° the active retired self -employed whose legitimate provisional contributions are calculated for a reference -Income of N-3 that is higher than 6,996.89 euros, under the same conditions (half financial benefits). The examples given for this with regard to (temporary) unemployment also apply to the cumul with the rest pension of the intended action-long-sided. This measure is aimed:- to focus on the most serious situations: only when the self-employed person in a secondary occupation Whether the active retired self -employed person forces his activity. This is the basic rule of the temporary crisis measure bridging right.€ 996.89 (see the example below) .- to compensate the loss of income to the independent activity in the issue by this supplement to the temporary crisis measure to the right to the bridge right up to an amount equal to half of the traditional amount of the financial benefit. One -employee (worker, clerk, executive, full -time or half -time) or a civil servant or a pensioned practitioner An additional independent activity (bar opened in the evening, activity as a beautician, small solar bench center ...) who yields a relatively stable income of approximately 1000 Euro Netto Permaand. His activity has been stopped since mid-March because of the Corona crisis. This measure intended the important loss of purchasing power for his household (loss of half if it concerns a pensioner, no doubt a little less if it is an employee or civil servant) by the temporary crisis measure for bridging rights and this in the amount of an amount that can amount to up to 645.85 euros (807.05 with family burden). There must be a specific application form and returned to the social insurance fund. The second measure allows the financial benefits of the crisis measure Bridging rights to compete with a replacement income. This measure also strictly fits within the framework of the temporary crisis measure for bridging rights, met other words for self-employed people who have to effectively interrupt an independent activity (see general conditions to enjoy this temporary crisis measure). The target of these time -bone JKE crisis measure Bridging right is also to cover the following situations, whereby the interruption of the independent activity takes place on the part of an independent who, moreover (due to his age), or by his situation as a wage -up or, in certain cases, a disability or disability (in secondary occupation) Enjoy a replacement income: 1 ° some of them cumulate this effective activity as a self-employed person with a replacement income (temporary unemployment, unemployment, pension) and this effective independent activity must interrupt COVID-13.2 ° some of them must interrupt their independent activity During this interruption, during this interruption, COVID-19 and then enjoy a replacement income (temporary unemployment, unemployment, pension, disability, for example due to infection with COVID-19, ...). The underhanding measure intends to allow a cumul of the temporary crisis measure bridging t another replacement income when all the conditions are met to obtain this temporary crisis measure bridging right. Righter, for the self -employed person in secondary occupation on an annual income that is between 6,996.89 and 13,993.78 euros and the active retirement self -employed person who contributes On the basis of net taxable annual income that is higher than 6,996.89 euros, the cumul is only permitted on condition that the sum of the half financial payment of the temporary crisis measure bridging rights and the other replacement income per month does not exceed the amount of 1,614.10 euros. In the event of exceedance, the monthly amount of the temporary regrisis measure will be reduced in the amount of this exceedance. This measure is in no way intended to allow the financial payment of the temporary regrisis measure to bridge the bridging activity that have already been interrupted for other reasoning covidid -19. For example, a self -employed person in disability or disability does not open a right to the temporary regrisis measure for bridging rights. That is why the self -employed person who enjoys the temporary crisis measure bridging rights for one month (for example for the month of April) and who is retained in the same month, the financial benefit bridging right. He will receive disability benefits at the earlier of his mutual insurance on the first day of the following month (in the example: from 1 May). Until lock, the self -employed will in incapacity for work or invalidity, who perform an independent activity admitted by the advisory physician, none Being able to claim the temporary crisis measure for bridging rights. If they must interrupt their permitted independent activity because of COVID-19 than relying on the full amount of the disability or disability benefit. Derterde measure is a technical measure, but very important for management of the temporary crisis measure bridging rights by the social insurance fundsIt concerns the issue of the part of the "preservation of the rights to the sickness and disability insurance", which is usually part of the traditional bridging right. What concerns the temporary crisis measure for bridging rights, disrupted Liège "automatic retention of the ZIV rights" the files of The self -employed with regard to the construction of pension rights: without the express exclusion of this part of "retaining social rights", it is not possible to see the contribution of the second quarter of 2020 (art. 50, § 4, of the ARS), with double effect 1 ° the cancellation of the full contribution and 2 ° the fact that the self -employed person automatically and definitively deny their pension rights for this quarter (and this without buying the possibility). This measure therefore aims to provide the exclusion of this part, by Tebalen that the preservation of social rights intended in Article 3, 2 °, of the Act of 22 December 2016 -containing a bridging right in favor of the self -employed, not applicable to the self -employed, helpers and cooperating spouses intended in Article 3 of the law of 23 March 2020. These self -employed will be able to choose further, in function of their financial situation, to either pay their contributions or to request a deferment of payment for one year or to request an exemption. In these three cases their coverage in the ZIV is insured. The simplified forms are already available on the websites of the Social Insurance Funds. This measurement regulat also also preserves a simple and clear framework of the crisis measures in favor of the self -employed: 1 ° financial benefit via the bridging right2 ° postponement of one -year, without increases and with retention of Rights3 ° exemption from contributions with this measure are not suddenly hindered in the construction of their career. The RSVZ is currently considering a series of files (concerning the OPPENSIE -OOD 1 July 2020) pending the confirmation that the self -employed person concerned owe the contributions for the 22020 2020 effective. Without this measure, their retirement pension will be shifted 1 October 2020. Articles of Reporting article 1 fits into Article 3 of the Act of 23 March 2020 amending the law of 22 December 2016 containing a bridging rights of the self -employed and the introduction of temporary measures in the framework of COVID-19 Tengunste from the self-employed the scope of this law. The scope of scope is extended to the self -employed in secondary occupation and the pensioners, insofar as they owe at least the provisional contributions by law on half of the amount of the threshold for a self -employed person. Amount of bridging rights in for the self -employed in secondary occupation and the pensioners who owe legal provisional contributions are calculated on half of the amount of the threshold for a self -employed main occupation, being half of the traditional financial benefit bridging. To Tecumulate the temporary crisis measure with another replacement income. Court, for the self -employed in secondary vocationalists who are between 6,996.89 and 13,993.78 euros and the active retired equalists whose net taxable year corpse income is higher than 6,996.89 euros, the cumulenkel is permitted on condition that the sum of the bridging right and the other replacement income of 1,614.10 euros does not exceed. In the event of exceedance, the monthly amount of the law will be reduced in the amount of this exceeding self -employed perspective/disability/disability, which performs an independent activity admitted by the Department of their mutual insurance, cannot claim the temporary crisis measure for bridging rights. If they have to interrupt their admitted independent activity because of Vancovid-19, they will fall back in full on the full amount of the disability or invalidity benefit. Article 3 in Article 5 of the aforementioned law scraps the references to the provisions of the law of December 22, 2016 that the cumul with another replacement income prevent. In addition, the condition of being omitted in the Belgian National Register is also deleted. The automatic rights of social rights as provided for in Article 3, 2 °, of the law of 22 December 2016, itemel4 stipulates that the disability benefits are refused for the period covered by the monthly finance payment of the temporary crisis measure for bridging rightsArticle 5 stipulates that the draft decision has been elaborated from 1 March 2020. Article 6 stipulates that the Minister of Social Affairs for Social Affairs and the Minister is responsible for self -employed persons, each with regard to him, taxed with the implementation of this decision. We have the honor to be SIRE, SIRE, Van Jeemajesteit, the very respectful and very faithful servants, the Minister of Social Affairs, the Minister of Self -employed, d. DUCARMAARDAD OFSTATE DEPARTMENT 67,242/1 of 21 April 2020 on a draft Royal Decree No. 13 `to amend the law of 23 March 2020 amending the law of 22 December 2016 in favor of the self -employed and the introduction of temporary measures in The framework of COVID-19 in favor of the self-employed, in particular with regard to expansion to certain self-employed people in secondary occupation and active pensioners' On April 14 ,2020, the Council of State, Department of Legislation, was requested by the Minister of Self-Employed within a time of five working days to provide an advice on a draft of Royal Decree nr ... `to amend the law of 23 March 2020 amending the law of 22 December 2016 containing a bridging right in favor of self-employed persons and to introduce temporary measures in the context of COVID- 19 in favor of the self -employed, in particular in terms of The expansion of the certain self -employed in secondary occupation and active pensioners'. The design was investigated by the first room on April 16, 2020. The Chamber was composed of Marnix van Damme, Chamber President, Wilfried van Vaerenbergh and Wouter Pas, State Councils, Michel Tison and Johan Put, Assessors, and Wim Geurts, Registrar. The report was published by Cedric Jenart, Deputy auditor. And the Dutch text of the advice was checked under the supervision of Wilfried van Vaerenbergh, State Council. The advice, the text of which follows below, was given on April 21, 2020. 1. With the application of Article 4, first paragraph, of the law of 27 March 2020 `That authorization grants to Dekoning to take measures in the fight against distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (I) ', which refer to Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, the law had to limit itself to the investigation of the authority of the author of the act, of the legal basis, as well as the question of whether the Dee fulfillment has been met. Formal requirements have been met. Making and legal basis of the draft 2. The design of the Royal Decree aims at the temporary measures that have been made by the Act of the Act of March 23, 2020 (1) In the context of COVID-19, were taken with regard to the social status of the self-employed. The decision to be taken with effect from 1 March 2020.3. The draft will be the legal basis in Article 5, § 1, 5 °, of the law of 27 March 2020 `that authorizes the king to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronaviruscovid-19 (II) ', on the basis of which the King, in view of the objectives referred to in Article 2, first paragraph, of that Act, can take measures to "make adjustments to labor law and social security law, with in view of the protection of employees and the population, the good organization of companies and the government, with indemnification of the economic interests of the country and the continuity of the criticism ". Law of 27 March 2020, must be ratified by law within a period of one year from the entry into force, failing which it is never deemed to have had an effect. Research of the text Prayer4. In Article 4, third paragraph, of the Act of 27 March 2020 (i), it is made possible that an appeal is made to the procedure referred to in Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 ° of the coordinated laws of the council Van State, to request the legislation, to request advice "within a period of five working days" without the emergency request of the request for advice still having to be special reasons. In the preamble of decisions referred to in Article 4, third paragraph, of the Act of 27 March 2020 (i), the reasons for urgency must no longer be displayed. The reference that can be explained as a result and the member in which reference is made to the advice of the Council of State must be edited as follows: "In view of advice 67.242/1 van deraad van State, given on ..., with application of article 4, third paragraph, of the Law of 27 March 2020, authorization grants the king to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 (i); ". Article 55Article 5 of the draft stipulates that the Koning stipulated the in the Royal Decree in the Royal Decree of 20 July 1971 'containing a benefit insurance and a parent insurance for the benefit of the self -employed and of the cooperating spouses' inserted provision can be removed, supplementing, changing or replaced. Uniform provision, which means that the king authorizes himself to, where appropriate, to supplement, change, changed or replacing the Expiration of the Special Powels on the basis of the law of 27 March 2020, the intended determination is still to be lifted, changing, changing , does not belong to the present decision, but, where appropriate, it can be included in the law whereby the decision is ratified. The authorized representative has stated that Article 5 will for that reason have been deleted. Article 76. The authorized representative has stated that in the implementation provision of Article 7 of the draft must also be referred to the minister competent for social e things. You can agree with this. The Registrar Wim sculpted Chairman Marnix Van Damme ______-Note (1) Law of 23 March 2020 `to amend the law of 22 December 2016 on the introduction of a bridging rights of the self-employed and to introduce temporary measures in the context of COVID-19 for the self -employed. 27 April 2020. - Royal Decree No. 13 amending the law of 23 March 2020 amending the law of 22 December 2016, the introduction of a bridging rights of self -employed people and the introduction of temporary measures in the context of COVID -19 Tengunste of the self -employed, in particular with regard to the expansion to certain self -employed people in secondary occupation and active retired Filip, King of the Belgians, to all who will be now and hereafter, our regards on the law of 27 March 2020 that authorization grants the king to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19, article 5, § 1, 5 °; Having regard to the law of 23 March 2020 amending the Law of 22 December 2016 containing a right of bridging in favor of the self-employed and the introduction of temporary measures in the context of COVID-19 in favor of self-employed people; In view of the exemption from an advisory obligation provided for in Article 6 of the aforementioned law of 27 March 2020; having regard to the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on 2 and 8 April 2020 on the agreement finding of the Minister of Budget, given on 10 April 2020; The article 8 of the Act of 18 December 2013 containing various provisions on administrative simplification, this decision is exempt from a regulatory impact analysis in view of the urgency of the COVID-19-Pandemie; having regard to the urgency, reasoned by the COVID-19 Pandemie; On advice 67.242/1 of the Council of State, given on April 21, 2020, in application of Article 4, third paragraph, of the Act of27 March 20 20 That authorization grants the king to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 (i); ". We decided on the nomination of the Minister of Social Affairs and Deminister of Self-employed persons, and we decide: Chapter 1. changes to the law of 23 March 2020 amending the law of 22 December 2016 introducing a bridging right in favor of the self -employed and the introduction of temporary measures in the framework of COVID -19 in favor of self -employed article 1. Article 3 of the Law of 23 March2020 amending the law of 22 December 2016 on the introduction of a right of bridging of the self-employed and the introduction of temporary measures in the context of COVID-19 to Funnevan Self-employed, is being replaced as follows: "Art. 3. § 1. The provisions of the articles of this chapter apply to self -employed, helpers and cooperating spouses, as referred to in Article 3, 5quater, 6 and 7bis of Royal Decree No 38 of 27 July 1967 containing the social Statute of the self-employed, who are forced to interrupt their self-employed activity as a result of COVID-19, insofar as they are provisional contributions in accordance with Articles 12, §§ 1, 1bis or 1ter, or 12bis, § 2, or 13bis, § 2, 1 ° , 1 ° bis or 2 °, of the aforementioned Royal Decree at the time of the aforementioned interruption. § 2. These provisions also apply to the Self -Employed Helpers, as referred to in Article 3, 5Quater and 6 of the Royal Decree Nr38 from 27 July 1967 establishing the social status of the self-employed, who are forced to interrupt their self-employed activity in response, insofar as they owe provisional contributions at the time of the aforementioned interruption in accordance with Articles12, § 2, second, third and fourth paragraph, or 12bis, § 1, 2. or 13, § 1, second, thirds fourth paragraph, and insofar as the provisional contributions are at least charged at half of the amount referred to in Article 12, § 1, second paragraph, First sentence of the aforementioned decision. §.3. The provisions of the law of 22 December 2016 containing the introduction of a law of bridging to the benefit of the self -employed, who apply to the self -employed referred to in Article 4, 3 ° of the aforementioned law, apply to the interruptions referred to in this chapter to the extent to which the Articles of this chapter do not deviate from it. ". Art. 2. Article 4 of the same law is replaced:" Art. 4. § 1. The self -employed, helpers and cooperating spouses, as referred to in Article 3, can, contrary to the provisions of Article 7, § 1, and Article11, § 4, of the Act of 22 December 2016 containing a Bridging rights to the Favorvan self -employed, claim the full monthly amount referred to in Article 10, §1, of the aforementioned law, for the calendar month in which a period of full interruption of their independent activity is located, insofar as this interruption is at least 7 consecutive calendar day. § 2. The self -employed, helpers and cooperating spouses, as referred to in Article3, who are forced to partially or fully interrupt their activity and insofar as their activity accompanying the activities referred to in the Ministerial Decree of 13 March 2020 and any other -Later decree on Urgent measures to limit the distribution of the COVIDIrus COVID-19, can also claim the full monthly amount referred to in Article10, § 1, of the Law of 22 December 2016 containing a right of bridging for the self-employed, for the calendar month in which is a period of interruption of their independent activity. § 3. Contrary to §§ 1 and 2, helps for the self -employed people as referred to in Article 3, § 2, of this Act, half of the full monthly amount referred to in Article 10 § 1, of the Act of 22 December 2016 containing Introduction of a bridging rights of the self -employed, granted and this insofar as they meet the other conditions of §§1 or 2, depending on the nature of their interruption. § 4. The self -employed and helpers in § 3 can only combine the monthly amount referred to there by one or more other replacement income insofar as the sum of the monthly amount referred to in § 3 and the other replacement income month does not exceed 1,614.10 euros. In the event of exceeding, the monthly amount intended in § 3 is reduced in the amount of this exceedance. § 5. The beneficiaries of primary unsuitability or invalidity benefits that perform an activity as a self-employed person with the admission of the advisory doctor of their insurance institution, depending on the case, with application of Article 100, § 2, of the compulsory insurance for medical care benefits , coordinated on July 14, 1994 or Articles 23 or 23bis of the Royal Decree of 20 July 1971 establishing a benefit insurance policy and a motherhood insurance of the self -employed and the cooperating spouses, and those determined in the conditions 1 to 3, under the conditions determined, 1 to 3, their admitted activity must interrupt, no right to be claimed for this interruption of activity. ". Art. 3. The following changes are made to Article5 of the same law: 1 ° in paragraph 2 are thewords" 1 ° up to and including 3 ° "lifted; 2 ° A paragraph 3 is added reading: "§ 3. The preservation of social rights, as referred to in Article 3, 2 °, of the law of December 22 ,2016 containing a right of bridging in favor of the self -employed, is not applicable to the self -employed, helpers and cooperating wives intended In Article 3. ". Chapter 2.- Changes to the Royal Decree of 20 July 1971 establishing a benefit insurance policies a motherhood insurance for the benefit of the self-employed and the cooperating spousesart.4. Article 28 of the Royal Decree of 20 July 1971 establishing a benefit insurance policies A motherhood insurance for the benefit of the self -employed and the cooperating spouses, lastly amended by the Royal Decree of 30 July 2018, the existing text of which will form paragraph 1 will be supplemented with a paragraph 2, reading: "§ 2The benefits are refused for the period covered by the monthly financial benefit under Chapter 3 of the Act of 23 March 2020 amending the law of 22 December 2016 containing a bridging rights of the self -employed and the introduction of temporary measures within the framework of COVID-19 of the self -employed. ". Chapter 3 - entry into force. 5. This decision has effect from 1 March 2020.Art.the implementation of this decision. Brussels, 27 April 2020.Filipvan Koningswege: the Minister of Social Sea, m. De Blocked Minister of Self -employed, d. Ducarme