Publication: 2020-10-13Numac: 2020043235Federal Public Service Home Affairs 7 April 2019.-Act amending the Code on the added value in order to release donations of non-food to the most needy people of VAT. - German translation of the following text is the German translation of the law of 7 April 2019 amending the Code of the added value in order to release donations of non-foods on the most needs of VAT (Belgian Official Gazette of 6 May 2019). This translation is made by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.Föderaleröffentlicher Service Finanzen7. April 2019 - Gesetz zur abänderung des Mehrwertsteuergesetzbuchesim hinblick auf die beefreiung von der Mehrwertsteuer in bezug nichtlebensmittel -spend für who amstärksten ergennamen, hungligenigenigenigigen, dough of the Belgian faulty, non of the Belgian igneigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigenigigen, but the Belgian igneigen. Article 1. Vorliegenders Gesetz arranges Eine in Article 74 of the Verwähnte Angelegenheit.art.2. Article 12 § 1 des Mehrwerteuergesetzbuches, Zuletzt Abgeändert Durch das Gesetz vom 30. -Yuli 2018, Wird who fells abgeändert: 1. Absatz 1 nr. 2 wird durch einen Buchstaben c) mit folgendemWortlaut ergänzt:"c) die Aushändigung für wohltätige Zwecke von lebenswichtigen Nichtlebensmitteln- mit Ausnahme von langlebigen Gütern -, deren inhärente Eigenschaften es nicht mehr erlauben, dass siein gleich welcher Stufe des Wirtschaftskreislaufs unter den ursprünglichen Bedingungen des Inverkehrbringsverkauft became, "2. In Absatz 3 that Wörter "Absatz 1 No. 2 Buchstabe B)" Durch diewörter "Absatz 1 nr. 2 Buchstabe B) und C)" ERSETZT.Wir Fertigen das Vorliegende Gesetz ausund und durch, Das Belgian Staatsblatt Veröffentlichtwird.geben zu Brüssel, den 7. April 2019philippevon Königs Wegen: Dervize Premierminister und Minister of Finanzena. The Croomit DEM Staatselgel Vershen: Derminister of Justizk. GainPublication: 2020-11-23Numac: 2020043248Federal Public Service Finance 30 September 2020.-Royal Decree implementing Article 15, § 10, of the Law of 15 July 2020 containing various urgent tax provisions as a result of the COVID-19 Pandemie (Corona III) and concerning the tax reduction for the acquisition of new shares of companies that have seen their turnover under the COVID-19 Pandemie strongly declining to the Koningsire, the Decree submitted to Your Majesty for signing, the implementation of Article 15 of the Act aims for of 15 July 2020 on various urgent tax provisions as a result of the COVID-19Pandemie (Corona III). This article has introduced a new tax reduction for the recruitment of new shares of companies that have fallen their turnover under the COVID-19-Pandemie. 15, § 10, of the aforementioned law, delegates to the king the authority to determine how the proof must gel Being everd is required for the purpose of obtaining the Befassing reduction. Article 1 follows the schedule that has already been worked out by Articles 6312/1 and 6312/3, KB/WIB 92, which for the acquisition of new shares of starting companies (in implementation of Article 14526, § 6, CIR 92) and Van Growth Companies (in execution of Article 14527, § 5, of the CIR 92). From shares, and, where appropriate, before 31 March of the following years, submit a document to the administration and to the taxpayer. Expand three types of documents: 1 ° for the year of acquisition, the document must contain the following elements: - give the amount of the sums of animals on the reduction;- proof that the conditions referred to in Article 15, §2, of the law of 15 July 2020 containing various urgent tax provisions as a result of the COVID-19Pandemie (Corona III) are paid; - The annual turnover figure of the company for De Deputy 14 March 2020 to 30 April 2020 and the turnover for the period 14 March 2019 to 30 April 2019 mentions both the revenue for the period from 14 March 2020 to 30 April 2020 mentions as Dein the financial plan proposed for the same period (if the company was established March 14, 2019, other than in the context of a merger or split of companies). December of the year of the acquisition.2 ° For each of the following two years following the acquisition, the document must confirm that the taxpayer is still in possession of the shares referred to, and that the conditions are still met in Article 15, § 2, third paragraph, of the same law.3 °, as appropriate, the document for the year of the disposal of the shares or for the year in which no longer wo the conditions included in Article 15, §2, third paragraph of the same law, state the number of not yet expired months that are eligible for the calculation of the restraint of the reduction no. 67,951/1// Vvan the Council of State of September 22, 2020 is met. It is proposed to apply this decision from assessment year 2021. This is, SIRE, the scope of the Decree that you are being submitted. I have the honor to be, Sire, Van Uwe Majesty, this respectful and very faithful servant, the vice-first minister and Minister of Finance, A.De Crooadvies 67,951/1/V of 22 September 2020 on a draft Royal Decree "Conducting Article 15, § 10, of the Act Of 15 July 2020 containing diverse-drenching tax provisions as a result of the COVID-19 Pandemie (Corona III) and concerning the tax reduction for the acquisition of new shares of companies that have their turnover pursuant to the COVID-19-Pandemies Terk have seen "on August 21, 2020, the Council of State, legislation department, by the Minister of Finance was requested within a period of thirty days to provide an advice to the Royal Decree on the implementation of Article 15, § 10, of the Law of 15 July 2020 containing various urgent tax provisions as a result of the COVID-19 Pandemie (Coronaiii) and on the tax reduction for the acquisition of new shares of companies that have seen their turnover fall sharply under the COVID-19 Pandemie ". The design Was investigated by De First VakantieKamer on September 10, 2020. The Chamber was composed of Wilfried van Vaerenbergh, State Council, Chairman, Wouter Pas and Koen Muylle, State Councils, Bruno Peeters, Assessor, and Greet Verberckmoes, Registrar. The report was published by Kristine Bams, first auditor department headDeafization between the French and the Dutch text of the advice was checked under the supervision of Wilfried van Vaerenbergh State Council. The advice, the text of which follows below, is given on September 22, 20201. In application of Article 84, § 3, first paragraph, of the lawsop The Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, focused on the Legislation Division the investigation of the authority of the author of the action, of the legal basis, as well as the question of whether the formal requirements to be fulfilled has been met. Making and legal basis of the DESCRIPTION2. Article 15 of the law of 15 July 2020 `containing various urgent tax provisions as a result of the COVID-19 Pandemie (Corona III) 'introduces a tax reduction for government residents for the acquisition of new shares of companies that pursuant to the COVID-19 -Pandemie strong have sessions. Sections 4 and 5, first paragraph, of that article stipulate that the company must provide a number of evidence to the taxpayer to the taxpayer, to support his tax return in the personal income tax. The aforementioned certificates contains (Article 1, § 1, of the draft) and determines within which period this document the taxpayer must be delivered (Article 1, § 2). A copy of the documents referred to in paragraph1 must be delivered to the administration electronically within the same period (Article 1, § 3). The decision to be taken is applicable from the 2021 assessment year (Article2) .3.1. Legal basis for the draft is offered by Article 15, § 10, of the Act of 15 July 2020, that the King authorizes to determine the way in which the proof of that article is provided in paragraph 4 and paragraph 4, 3.2. In the aforementioned sections4 and 5, first paragraph, there is always talk of providing the proof "(to) the taxpayer". It can be accepted that for reasons of efficiency it is deemed to oblige to also inform the tax administration of this (Article 1, § 3, of the draft). For the assumption of such a provision, an appeal must then be made to the general implementation authority the king derives from Article 108 of the Constitution, read in conjunction with the aforementioned Article15, § 10. Investigations of the Text APRENT4. In accordance with what has been noted for the legal basis, a reference must be included in the front of the preamble Article 108 of the Constitution. Article 15. Article 15, § 4, first line, of the Act of 15 July 2020 stipulates that the company must proof provide that the conditions are met in paragraphs 1 and 2. Article 1, § 1, 1 °, b), of the design, which Thhanskel reports of paragraph 2, must therefore be supplemented by a reference to paragraph1.6. Article 15, § 4, second line, of the law of 15 July 2020 stipulates that the proof provides that the taxpayer has purchased the shares in the taxable era and these shares at the end of that taxable era still owns. Article 1, § 1.1 °, of the draft must therefore be supplemented by a provision that aims to ensure that the involved company must also provide proof that the taxpayer, at the end of the tax period in which he has purchased the shares, still have the shares always in his possession. Van Vaerenbergh30september 2020. - Royal Decree implementing Article 15, § 10, of the Act of 15 July 2020 containing various urgent tax provisions as a result of the COVID -19 Pandemie (Coronaiii) and on the tax renalization of the acquisition of new shares of companies have seen their turnover under the COVID-19 Pandemie strongly Dalenfilip, King of the Belgians, to all who are now and will hereinafter refer to our greeting on the Constitution, Article 108; provisions as a result of the COVID-19 Pandemie (Corona III), Article 15, § 10; Having regard to the Royal Decree of 16 November 1994 relevant the administrative and budget control, articles 5 and 14; taxpayer to issue a certificate and it therefore has no impact on the budget; in view of the advice no. 67,951/1/v van deraad van State, given On September 22, 2020, with application of Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 2 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973; on the nomination of the Vice-first Minister and Minister of Finance, we have decided and we decide: Article 1. § 1The companies referred to in Article 15 of the Act 15 July 2020 on various urgent fiscal provisions as a result of the COVID-19 Pandemie (Corona III) must be available annually before 31 March of the year that follows the year of acquiring the fully full-term shares and of The following five years draw up a document that: 1 ° for the year of acquisition: a) The amount that entitles you to the reduction; b) confirms the company in which investments are invested in the conditions included in Article 15, §§1 and 2, of the same law; c) or the turnover of the company for the period 14 March 2020 to 30 April 2020 and the turnover for the period 14 March 2019 to 30 April 2019, or, in the case of company, was established after 14 March 2019, other Then in the context of a merger or split of companies, both the revenue realized for the period from 14 March 2020 to 30 April 2020 mentioned the turnover set in the financial plan for r the same period; d) confirms that these shares are still in possession of the tenderer on December 31 of the year of acquisition.2 ° for each of the following two years confirming that these shares are still in possession of the Inain writer on 31 December of the taxable era, and that is met the conditions included in Article 15, § 2, third paragraph, of the same law; 3 ° for the year of alienation of the shares or for the year in which the conditions are no longer included In Article15, § 2, third paragraph of the same law: the number of months that have not yet been expired that is eligible for the calculation of the restraint of the reduction. § 2. The document intended in § 1 intended in § 1 must be delivered to the tenderer. The administration referred to in § 1 is delivered to the administration electronically. 2. This Decree is applied on the 2021 assessment year. Art. 3. The minister is responsible for finance is taxed with the implementation of this Decree in Brussels, 30 September 2020.filipvanoningweight: the Vice-first Minister and Minister of Finance, a. De CrooPublication: 2020-10-14Numac: 2020043288federal Public Service Home Affairs 8 October 2020.-Ministerial Decree amending the Ministerial Decree of 30 June 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the COVID-19 Coronavirus. - German translation The following text is the German translation of the Ministerial Decree of 8 October 2020 amending the Ministerial Decree of 30 June 2020 urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (Belgian Official Gazette of 8 October 2020). was drawn up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.Föderaleröffentlicher Service Inneres8. October 2020 - Ministeryller Erlass Zur Abänderung des Ministerialian Lasses Vom 30. June 2020 Zur Festlegung von Dringlichkeitsmaßnahmen Zur Eindämmmung der Ausbreitungdes Coronavirus Covid -4Die Minister's Innernn, Aufgrund of the Ziveschut's vom of the Ziveschut's vom of the Ziveschut's vom of the Segzut's vom of the Segzut's vom of the Segzut's vom of the Zinczutses vom of the Zinczutses vom of the Zivalzut's vom. . August 1992 über DaPolizeiamt, of the Article 11 und 42; Aufgrund des Gesetzes vom 15. Mai 2007 über die Zivile Sicherheit, of Article 181, 182 und 187; Aufgrund des Königlichen Erlasses Nr. 44 vom 26. Juni 2020 inBezug auf die gemeinsame Verarbeitung von Daten durch Sciensano und die von den zuständigen Regionalbehördenoder von den zuständigen Agenturen bestimmten Kontaktzentren, Gesundheitsinspektionsdienste und mobilenTeams im Rahmen einer Kontaktermittlung bei (vermutlich) mit dem Coronavirus COVID-19 infizierten Personenauf der Grundlage einer Dating Bank Bei Sciensano; AUFGRUND des Ministerialles Erlasses vom 30.Juni 2020 Zur Festlegung von Dringlichkeitsmaßnahmen Zur Eindämmung der Ausbreitung des Coronaviruscovid-19; Aufgrund von Article 8 § 2 Nr. 1 und 2 des Gesetzes vom 15. Dezember 2013 zurFestlegung verschiedener Bestimmungen in Sachen administrative Vereinfachung ist vorliegender Erlassvon der Auswirkungsanalyse beim Erlass von Vorschriften befreit;Aufgrund der Stellungnahmedes Finanzinspektors vom 7. Oktober 2020;Aufgrund der am 8. Oktober 2020 abgegebenen Stellungnahmeder Minister, die im Rat Darüber Beraten Haben; Aufgrund der am 12. January 1973 Cordinators Gesetze über the Staatsrat, of the articles 3 § 1 Absatz 1; Aufgrund der Dringlichkeit, which es nicht Zuld, Das Gutachts of the Staatsbungsabeilung of the Staatrates Vasteilung vinerbungsabeilung vinerbungsabeilung vinerbungsabeilung Vaster Valler Valler Valler Valler Valler Valler Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung, Real Verkon Valleilung, Valler Bungsbung Aufgrund der Notwenderkeit, Maßnahmen zu Erwägen, who is Sich Auf epidemiological Erbnisse Stützen, who sich tag für tagwiettwickeln, wobei who jüngstenergebennisse die auf der sitzung's censerschertigtig; October 2020 Dass es daher urgently Erfrorderlich ist, Mestimme Maßnahmen zu Ergreifen; Inerwägung der Konzertierungen Zwischen the Regierungen of the Föderierten Teilgebiet und den Zuständigenföderalen Beörden im nationals Sicherheitsratrat, 12., 12., 12.,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, ,,, ,, ,, ,, ,, ,, ,y 15,, ,, ,, ,, ,, ,, ,, ,y 15,, 12., 15., ,, ,, ,, ,, ,, ,,, -3,, 15., 15., ,, ,, ,, ,, ,, ,,, -year, 10., ,,, 15., ,, ,, ,, ,, ,,, -year, 10. ,.5., 10. ,. .April 2020, am 6., 13., 20. und 29. Mai 2020, am 3., 24. und 30. June 2020, AM 10., 15., 23. und 27. -Yuli 2020, AM 20. August 2020 Und am 23. September 2020 sister -ethnictheten is; in Erwägung Desikels 191 of the Verdags über Die Arbeitsweise der Europäischen Union, in Dem das Prinzip der Vorsorgeim Rahmen der Bewältigung Einer's SUNUNTHEKICHENKRIEKENTEBENTELS VORBERTUNG AUFREENTUNT; Dass Dieses Prinzip VoraSETZT, Dass that Öffentlichen Beuörden Beider Feststellung, Dass Ein Ernst Risiko Höchstwahrscheinlich Eintreten Wird, Urgent und Vorläufigeschutzmaßnahmen ergreifen; in Erwägungn. 2016/679 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 27. April 2016 zum Schutznatürlicher Personen bei der Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten, zum freien Datenverkehr und zur Aufhebungder Richtlinie 95/46/EG;In Erwägung der Empfehlung des Rates der Europäischen Union vom 6.August 2020 Zur änderung der Empfehlung 2020/912 Zur Schrittweisen Aufhebung der Vorüberhenden's Beschräkungnicht un-Oddingt notwendiger travel in that eu; in Erwägung der Erkklärung der Who, 11th of the Coronavirus Covid-19, üsbirus Covid-19 März 2020 von der Who Veegenommenen Qualifizierung Descoronavirus Covid-19 as pandemic; in der Erwägung, dass who who am 16. In Erwägung der Erklärung des Regionaldirektors der Whofür Europe Vom 3June 2020, according to which the transition to a "new normality" must be based on the principles of the folk health and on economic and social considerations and that the decision-makers at all levels have to gradually and careful transitional consequences; European area and in Belgium; that the total number of infection continues to increase; in consideration of the health risk for the Belgian population and the urgency that arises from the Coronaviruscovid -19; in the consideration that the Coronavirus Covid-19 triggers an infectious disease that usually affects the lungs and the respiratory tract; Remember that the Coronavirus Covid-19 is apparently transferred by Mensch Zumensch via the air route; that the transfer of the disease apparently to all possible types of distribution through the mouth or nose; in consideration of the number of recognized infection cases and the number of deaths in Belgium since March 13, 2020; in consideration of the statement of the Hohen Council for self -employed and KMB of April 22, 2020; in the consideration that the entire national high area is affected by the danger; that it is in the general interest that the sequel measures are coherent to maintain public order, which makes their efficiency maximized; in the consideration that in view of the previous certain coincide and covered places, but also in the open air, there is still a special risk of health represent the population; in the consideration that a police measure restriction and monitoring of gathering of more than four people is therefore essential and proportionate; in the consideration that the above -mentioned measure leads to the number of acute infection and consequently the intensive care units enabled to absorb the most difficult patients under the best possible conditions, and that on the other hand, researchers are given more time to develop efficient treatment methods and vaccines; that this measure also has a contact with contact Eichter can have; in consideration of the report of the expert group for the exit strategy (gees) of April 22, 2020, which contains a gradual concept for gradual withdrawal of the measures and mainly relies on three essential aspects, namely wearing a protective mask, testing and tracing; that the report strives for equal guidance of the preservation of physical and mental health, the fulfillment of educational orders in the area of ​​teaching and the resumption of the economy; in consideration of the GEES and the statements of the Celeval; in consideration of the statement of the Health Council of July 9, 2020; In consideration of the Phoenix plan for a restart of the trade of Comeos; in consideration of the "guidelines for the opening of business to intend to protect the spread of Covid-19", which is made on the website of the federal service. Guide to contain the expansion of Covid-19 at work ", which is made available on the website of the federal public service, work and social concerting; in consideration of the" Guideline for a safe resumption of the restaurant industry to contain the spread of COVID-19 " the on the web Site of the Federation of Economy is made available; inner weighing of the protocols, which are determined by the responsible ministers in concert with the relevant sector; in the consideration that a mayor, if he determines that the subsequent ministerial decree or the Applicable protocols, in the interest of people's health, can order the administrative closure of the relevant personnel; in consideration of the royal decree of May 22, 2019, over the emergency planning and the coping of emergency situations at local and provincial level and on the role of the mayor and provincial governors in crisis events and in Crisis situations that require coordination or coping with a national level; in consideration of the ministerial decree of13. March 2020 to trigger the federal phase with regard to coordination and crisis management reference to the Coronavirus Covid-19; due to the law of August 4, 1996 on the well-being employee in the execution of their work and his execution lens; Recording that the average paying payments of contagion with the Coronavirus Covid-19 in Belgium in the last seven days309 Confirmed positive cases a day has increased; in the consideration that due to the current epidemiological situation, a drastic limitation of social contacts is still necessary; in the consideration that this situation is still necessary, the number of people who are in certain May participate in meetings; that experts have repeatedly pointed out that dancing in this context has a very high risk of transmission of the virus; that dancing is therefore prohibited in companies in the hotel and restaurant industry, seating receptions and bankettes and at certain types of approved events; in the consideration that it is necessary to monitor the state of health as part of the fight against Covid-19 in Belgium To ensure that people who come back from cities, municipalities, districts, regions or countries, also within the Schengen area, the United Kingdom of the European Union or the Celeval, found a high health risk for Celeval on the basis of objective epidemiological criteria; that with regard to compliance with all health recommendations and social distancing, the solidarity of each citizen is still appealed to the responsibility and the solidarity of each citizen; in the consideration that wearing a protective mask or another alternative of material is an important role in the strategy of gradual return leader Maßna Hmen plays; that wearing a protective mask of the population is therefore recommended in all situations in which the rules of social distancing cannot be adhered to so that the virus is avoided; that wearing a protective mask is mandatory in certain facilities and specific situations; that the mask may only be taken for the necessary time, e.g. to eat drinks and dishes, for cleaning your nasal or lip for the deaf and hard of hearing; that wearing a protective mask is not sufficient and always has to go hand in hand with the other prevention measures; that social distancing is the most important and priority -proof; in consideration that the experts from Celeval recommend the number of people with whom you are cared for, which means three per month, which means that the rules of socialist tancing are involved during a certain period of time these people are not adhered to; in the consideration that the citizens must be clearly informed where and when a mask must be worn; that the times must therefore be stopped to which this measure is in force; that the specified period of time must actually match the times in which larger emissions flows are to be expected or there is an increased risk of transmission; to be used on several days a week, to underline, in the consideration that the basic hygiene measures remain essential; in the consideration that activities in the open possible should be preferred; that, if this is not possible, the rooms must be ventilated sufficiently; in the consideration that it is necessary to make additional precautionary measures in relation to people who belong to a risk group; in consideration that most activities are allowed again , it is nevertheless incorrect to continue to prohibit activities in which there is a high risk of spreading the virus and activities that lead to too close contact between the participants and/or too many people; in the consideration that Diegesundheit situation is regularly assessed; That this means that a return to stricter measures can never be excluded; in the consideration that the protocols that are determined in concert with the relevant sectors are determined by a virologist from the rule of 1.5 m between the People can deviate; due to urgency, issues: Article 1 - Article 2 bis of the ministerial decree of 30. June 2020 to determine urgency measures to contain the spread of the spread of the Coronaviruscovide -19 is replaced as follows: "§ 1 - employer or user who temporarily resort to lives abroad or resident wage recipients or self -employed in order to work in Belgium construction, cleaning, cleaning , Agriculture and horticulture, as in Article 20 § 2 of Royal Decree No. 1 of December 29, 1992 on measures with regard to the guarantee of the payment of VAT and in Article 1 No. 1 of Royal Decree No. 21 of 15September 1970 mentioned on the special regulation for farmers in terms of VAT, as in Article 2 of the Royal Decree of December 27, 2007 on the execution of Article 53 of the Code about the amicable statement and the forced burial of tax claims and non -tax claims and Article 12, 30bis and 30th of the law of June 27, 1969 to the Revision of the Erwest Act of December 28, 1944 on the social security of the employees and of Article 6th of the law of August 4, 1996 about the well -being of the workers in the execution of work, to be carried out with executing, with Exception of natural persons, in which or for the work for completely private purposes, lead a register with the following information from the beginning of the work up to and including fourteenth day after this work is completed: 1. Identification-to-the-identification date abroad living or resident wage recipients or self-employed:- Name and first name,- date of birth,- recognition number, as in Article 8 of the Law Commerce of January 15, 1990 on the establishment and organization of a central database of social safety, 2. Place of residence of the wage recipient or self -employed during his work inbelgium, 3. Telephone number under which the wage receiver or self -employed can be contacted, 4. If necessary, the persons with whom the wage recipient works with relevant relationships during his work in Belgium. In the present paragraphs, the obligation to register does not apply to the employment of border guards and also does not apply if the stay in Belgium of a wage receiver living abroad or resident. The information mentioned in paragraph 1 may not be used to combat the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19, including trouble and personal communities under the same address. Work can be made. It is ordered to monitor compliance with the containment of the spread of the CORONAVIRUS COVID-11, which is intended as part of the urgency measures. § 2 - If the living or resident wage recipients living abroad is obliged to fill out the passenger political form mentioned in Article 18, the employer or user, who temporarily takes him back to him in order to work in Belgium, the construction, cleaning and gardening sectors in Belgium , as mentioned in Article 20 of § 2 of the pre -chewing decree No. 1 of December 29, 1992 and in Article 1 No. 1 of the previous Royal Real estate No. 22 of September 15, 1970, or activities in the meat sector, as in Article 2 of the Royal Decree of December 27, 2007 to have it executed, with the exception of natural persons, in which or for whom work is done for completely private purposes, check before work whether the passenger regulation form has actually been filled out. The form has been filled out, the employer or user as well as that the passenger -political form is filled out at the latest if the wage recipient or self -employed in Belgium. "Art.2 - Article 5 of the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 to determine urgency measures. Coronavirus Covid-19 is replaced as follows: "In operating hotel and restaurants and other taps apply to the reception of customers at least following specific modalities: 1. Tables are arranged in such a way that a distance of at least 1.5 m is guaranteed between them, unless they are separated from each other by a plexiglass pane or an equivalent alternative with a minimum height of 1.8 m. In restaurants, a maximum of 10 people per table and a maximum of four people per table are allowed in other taps.3. After only seats on the tables are allowed. 4. Every customer has to stay at his table. 5. Service staff must wear a protective mask or, if this is not possible for medical reasons. Kitchen staff must wear a protective mask or, if this is not possible for medical reasons, a facial protection screen. 7. Operation on the counter is not allowed, with the exception of one -person companies in compliance with a distance of 1.5 m.8Terraces and public places are organized in accordance with the regulations and in compliance with the same rules as for interiors. 9. Restaurants and bars from the usual opening times until 1 a.m. for restaurants and 11 p.m. for other tapping units, unless the municipal authority relieves an earlier closure, and abdicates are closed continuously until at least 6 a.m. To make it easier to make a later contact examination, contact information- which can be limited to a telephone number or an email address- one customer per table is registered and kept during 14 calendar days. These contact information may be used for no other purposes than to combat Covid-19, they have to be destroyed after 14 calendar days and customers must expressly give their consent. Customers who refuse to leave their contact information will be denied when they arrive at their arrival. In the event of a facility, deviation from paragraph 1 No. 2 may share a household, regardless of the size of this household. "Restaurant": Operation of the hotel and restaurant industry, which, in Appendix III for the royal decree of January 16, 2006 to determine the modality, has approved approval and prior registrations provided for by the federal agency for the safety of the food chain. " . 3 - Article 11 of the Ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 to determine urgency measures to protect the spread of the Coronavirus Covid -19 as follows: "§ 1 - Unless otherwise provided in the case 12 years of the year, only among the through available items and activities approved for the passing articles. § 1bis - Every household may have four people, children under the age of 12 are not included, received at home at the same time. § 2 - a maximum of 50 people may participate in the following activities: 1. Activities of an organized framework, in particular through a club or an association, always in the presence of adult coach or an adult accompanying or supervisor, 2. Storage and courses in compliance with the rules provided for in Article 15, 3. Reviews that take place on burials and are not conducted by a professional catering/traiteer company, in compliance with the rules provided for in Article 5. §3 - A maximum of 200 people may participate in the following activities: 1. Civil marriages, 2nd berry submissions and insertions that are not intended under No. 3, without the possibility of a creation of the body, 3. Collective exercises of the cult and collective exercises of non -confessional moral assistance and activities within a philosophical non -confessional unification of the rules provided for in Article 14. § 4 - An audience of a maximum of 2,200 people may attend events, demonstrations, lectures and competitions that are being organized in the inside, in compliance with the modalities provided for in Article 4 (2) or in the applicable protocol and without prejudice to Article 5. A public of a maximum of 400 people, events, Against demonstrations and competitions, if they are organized outside, under compliance with Article 4 paragraph 2 or in the applicable protocol, modalities and without prejudice to the Desarticel 5. Events, demonstrations, receptions, banquets or competitions organized on public road, the prior approval is in accordance with Article 13 the responsible municipal authority. Section 5 - A maximum of 400 participants may attend static rallies that have been held on public roads, where social distancing can be observed, and the responsible municipal authorities have been approved in accordance with Article 13. §6 - Without prejudice to a possible protocol and without prejudice to the guidelines and/or restrictions determined by the responsible municipal authorities, everyone may participate in sports competitions. §7 -In deviation from § 1, a non -limited number of people may have seating receptions and banketting accommodation that is carried out by a professional catering/traiteur company, in compliance with Article 5 to 3 and 5 to 10 modalities -without prejudice of Article 4 (2) No. 1 and 5 to 8 - or the applicable protocol. "Art4 - Article 18 of the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 to determine urgency measures to contain the spread of the spread of Coronavirus Covid -19 is replaced as follows: "§ 1 - Not necessarily necessary travel according to Belgiums are prohibited. Section 2 - In deviation from § 1 Allowed: 1. from all countries of the European Union, the Schengen area and the United Kingdom to travel from Nachbelgium, 2nd of countries that are on the corresponding list on the website of the federal service to travel to Belgium. Section 3 - For trips that are based on paragraphs 1 and 2 from a country that is not allowed to be a member of the Schengen area, the traveler is obliged to exceed the electronic version of the Federal Service Before the trip and to fill out the passenger localization form published by the foreigner office and to prepare the carrier before joining nn it is not possible for the traveler to use the electronic version of the passenger regulation form, he must fill out the paper version of the passenger regulation form published on the website of the Föderal public service and the passenger localization form published. have filled out a passenger legalization form before entering. If this form is missing, the transporter must be prohibited. In the absence of such an explanation or in the case of incorrect, misleading or incomplete information in this declaration, entry according to Article 14 of the Schengener Border Code or Article 43 of the Act of December 15, 1980 on entry into the state area, the stay the branch and the removal of foreigners are refused. §4-When traveling to Belgium from an area that belongs to the Schengen area, the traveler is obliged to fill out the electronic version of the passenger-political form published on the website of the Federal Service on the website of the Federal Service and the foreigner office. to be presented. If the traveler is unable to use the electronic version of the passenger regulation form, he must fill out the paper version of the website of the Federation of the Federation of the Federation and the passenger localization form published and send them to the carrier. Is obliged to forward this declaration immediately. If this form is missing, the carrier must prohibit the entry. §5 - In the case of a trip mentioned in paragraph 3 and 4, in which no carrier is not used, the traveler, whose stay in Belgium exceeds 48 hours and whose previous stay outside of Belgium took longer than 48 hours, is personally obliged to personally Filling the electronic version of the passenger regulation form published on the website of the Föderal Public Service and the foreign office. Websitesdes Föderal Public Service Foreign Affairs and the Foreign Office Passenger Localization form fill out, sign and send saniport. §6 - In the execution of paragraphs 3, 4 and 5 based on the passenger -solving form collected person -related data -related data can be collected in database I - mentioned in Article 1 § 1 No. 5 of the Royal Decree No. 44 of June 26, 2020 in terms of joint processing of data by sciensanound the sub -areas, which is determined by the authorities of the responsible feders or by the responsible agencies, certain contact centers, health inspection services and mobile teams as part of a contact determination at (probably) with the Coronavirus Covid -19 -infected persons on the basis of a database BeSciensano - are registered for which are processed and exchanged in Art. 5 - Art. 5 - Article 23 of the Ministerial Decree of June 30, 2020 to determine the spread of the Coronavirus Covid -19. Municipal authorities and Diehörd en the administrative police are commissioned to execute the present decreeIn consultation with the competent authorities of the federated sub -area pre -assembly measures, the local authorities can take the measures of the existing decree. The mayor's advisory with the governor. The mayor immediately informs governor and the responsible authorities of the federated sub -areas from the additional measures taken at local levels. However, if intended measures have effects on federal agents or on adjacent communities or national levels, according to the royal decree of May 22, 2019, the emergency planning planning and coping with emergency situations of local and provincial levels and on the role of the mayors and the provincial organure on crisis and in crisis situations is who require coordination or coping with national levels, a concerting is required. The mayor is responsible for the verbal and visual communication of the specific measures taken for the area of ​​its community. § 2 - The police services have been commissioned to ensure that this decree, if necessary, sub -application of coercion and violence, in accordance with the provisions of Article 37 of the Law on the Police Office. "Art. 6 - Article 24 of the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 To determine urgency measures, contain the spread of the Coronavirus Covid -19 is replaced as follows: "If NOT -ANDERS intends, the measures required by November 8, 20120, including the issuing, are applicable." Art. Kraft.brussels, October 8, 2020a. Verlinden