Publication: 2020-10-02Numac: 202004323 Ministerie of the French Community 24 September 2020.-Decree ratifying the decision of special powers no. 39 of the government of the French Community of 20 June 2020 that strives to resume film recordings by the risks in related to the COVID-19 crisis in guaranteeing the parliament of the French Community and we, the government, ratify what follows: any article. The decision of special powers no. 39 of the government of the French Community of 20 June 2020 that aims to resume the risks in connection with the COVID-19 crisis to guarantee is ratified with effect on the date of its entry into force in accordance with Article 4 of the decree of 17 March2020 to the granting of special powers to the government in the context of the health crisis in connection with the COVID-19 Coronavirus enclosures, orders that it will be announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. President, P.-Y Linarde Minister of Higher Education, Education for Social Promotion, University Hospitals, Assistance to Youth, Justice Houses, Youth, Sport and promotion of Brussels, v. Glatignyte Minister of Education, C.Desir _______ Notaziting 2020-2021pieces of parliament. -Decree design, no. 117-1. -Commission amendment (s), no. 117-2 text adopted during the committee, no. 117-3- Text adopted during the plenary meeting, no. 117-4.integral report.- Discussion and contracting. - Meeting of September 23, 2020.Publication: 2020-09-30numac: 2020043225federal Public Service Interior Affairs 28 September 2020.-Ministerial Decree amending the Ministerial Decree of 30 June 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19. - German translation below is the German translation of the Ministerial Decree of 28 September 2020 amending the Ministerial Decree of 30 June 2020 containing urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (Belgian Official Gazette of 25 September2020). This translation was drawn up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.Föderaleröffentlicher Service Inneres25. SEPTEMBER 2020 - Ministerieller Erlass zur Abänderung des MinisteriellenErlasses vom 30. Juni 2020 zur Festlegung von Dringlichkeitsmaßnahmen zur Eindämmung der Ausbreitungdes Coronavirus COVID-19Der Minister der Sicherheit und des Innern,Aufgrund des Gesetzesvom 31. Dezember 1963 über den Zivilschutz, des Artikels 4;Aufgrund des Gesetzes vom 5. August1992 über das Polizeiamt, of Article 11 und 42; Aufgrund des Gesetzes vom 15. Mai 2007 Überdie Zivile Sicherheit, of Article 181, 182 und 187; Aufgrund des Königlichen Erlasses Nr. 44vom 26. June 2020 in Bezug auf die gemeinsame verarbeitung von Durch sciensano und die von denzuständigen regionalbehörden oder den Zuständigen agenturen Bestimmten Kontaktzenten, Geundhe-Gorzon-Spekton-Service-Supild Mobilen-Service Supild Mobilen-Supild Mobilen's Supild Mobilen-Supild Mobilen-Supild Beeksdaarslungdslungdslungd-Supild Beyild Beyild Mobilen-Supild Beyild Beyild Mobiles Dating Bank Bei Sciensano; Aufgrund des Ministerialle Erlassesvom 30. June 2020 Zur Festlegung von Dringlichkeitsmaßnahmen Zur Eindämmung der Ausbreitung Descoronavirus Covid-19; Aufgrund von Article 8 § 2 Nr. 1 und 2 des Gesetzes vom 15. Dezember2013 zur Festlegung verschiedener Bestimmungen in Sachen administrative Vereinfachung ist vorliegenderErlass von der Auswirkungsanalyse beim Erlass von Vorschriften befreit;Aufgrund der Stellungnahmedes Finanzinspektors vom 24. September 2020;Aufgrund der am 25. September 2020 abgegebenenStellungnahme der Minister, die im Rat Darüber Beraten Haben; Aufgrund der am 12. January 1973 Cordinators Gesetze über the Staatsrat, of the articles 3 § 1 Absatz 1; Aufgrund der Dringlichkeit, which es nicht Zuld, Das Gutachten of Gutsbesbungsabeilung of the state Aufgrund der Notwenderkeit, Maßnahmen zu Erwägen, who is Sich Auf epidemiological Erbnisse Stützen, who sich tag für tagwiettwickeln, wobei who jüngstenergebnisse die auf der Sitzung of the Nationale -2020. September 2020. Dass es daher urgently Erforderlich isst, Mestimme Maßnahmen zu Erernundund Other Anzupassen; in Erwägung der Konzertierungen Zwischen the Regierungen of the Furierierteilgebiet und den Zuständigen Föderalen Behörden imtanden Sicherheitsratratratrat, am 10.undsratratratratratratrat, of am 10.undsratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratrat, am 10.und. . Und 24. April 2020, am 6., 13., 20. und 29. Mai 2020, am 3., 24. und 30. June2020, AM 10., 15., 23. und 27. July 2020, AM 20 . August 2020 und am 23. September 2020 sister -to -eatist; in Erwägung des articles 191 of the Verdags über that Arbeitsweise der Europäischen Union, in Dem das Prinzip der Vorsorge im Rahmen der Bewältigung einltigung Gesundheitskrise Under Arakertung aufentung; Dass Dieses Prinzip VoraSETZT, Dass that Öffentlichen Bei der Feststellung, Dass Ein Ernst Risiko Höchstwahrscheinlich Eintretenwird, Urgent und Vorläufige Schutzmaßnahmen ergreifen;) Dergungn. 2016/679 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates Vom27. April 2016 Zum Schutz Natürlicher Persons Bei der Verarbeitung Passenger Dating, Zum Freiendatenverkehr und Zur AuFheBung of the Direct Line 95/46/EG; In Erwägung der Empfehlung des Rateslukon Vom Vom 2020 Zurgeweigns nicht unitedt notwindiger journeys in that eu; in Erwägung dererklärung der Whoo in Bezug auf die Eigenchaften of the Coronavirus Covid-19, Insbesondere Hinsichtlichder Hohen übertragbarkeit und Starberisikos as a pärzens of the Wägensbenmen of the Wägungens Pandemie; in der Erwägung, dass diewho am 16. März 2020 that höchste Warnstufe in Bezug auf das Coronavirus Covid-19 Ausgerufen hat, that was ausgerufen dasdiewtwirtschaft destabilisiert und Sich Rasch in the Welt Ausbreetors;June 2020, according to which the transition to a "new normality" on the principles of public health and on economic and social considerations and that the decision-makers must follow the guidance principle of a step-by-step and careful transition; European area and in Belgium; that the total number of infection continues to increase; Remember that the Coronaviruscovid-13 is apparently transferred from person to person via the air path; that the transfer of the sickness certificate to all possible types of distribution is carried out by the mouth or nose; in consideration of the number of infections and the number of deaths in Belgium since March 13, 2020; inheritance of the opinion of the High Council for self -employed and KMB of April 22, 2020; in weighing that the entire national territory is affected by the danger; That it is generally interest that the measures taken to maintain public order are, which means that their efficiency is maximized; in the consideration that in view of the previous gathering in closed and covered places, but also at the open sky, there is still a particular risk of health represent the population; in the consideration that a police measure is essential and proportionate to restriction and monitoring gathering of more than 10 people below; in the consideration that the above -mentioned measure is that the number of acute infection is reduced on the one hand and consequently the intensive care is possible to absorb the most difficult patients under the best possible conditions, and that on the other hand, the researchers are given more time to develop efficient treatment methods and vaccine; that this measure can also make contact tracking easier; inheritance of the report of the expert group for the Exit Strategy (GEES) of April 22, 2020, which contains a gradual concept for gradual withdrawal of the measures and is mainly based on three essential aspects, namely wearing one Protective mask, testing and tracing; that the report strives for equal guidance of the preservation of physical and mental health, the fulfillment of educational orders in the area of ​​teaching and the resumption of the economy; in consideration of the GEES and the statements of the Celeval; in consideration of the statement of the Health Council of July 9, 2020; In consideration of the Phoenix plan for a restart of the trade of Comeos; in consideration of the "guidelines for the opening of business to intend to protect the spread of Covid-19", which is made on the website of the federal service. Guide to contain the expansion of Covid-19 at work ", which is made available on the website of the federal public service, work and social concerting; in consideration of the" Guideline for a safe resumption of the restaurant industry to contain the spread of COVID-19 " the on the web Site of the Federation of Economy is made available; inner weighing of the protocols, which are determined by the responsible ministers in concert with the relevant sector; in the consideration that a mayor, if he determines that the subsequent ministerial decree or the Applicable protocols, in the interest of people's health, can order the administrative closure of the relevant personnel; in consideration of the royal decree of May 22, 2019, over the emergency planning and the coping of emergency situations at local and provincial level and on the role of the mayor and provincial governors in crisis events and in Crisis situations that require coordination or coping with a national level; in consideration of the ministerial decree of13. March 2020 to trigger the federal phase with regard to coordination and crisis management.August 1996 on the well -being employee in the execution of their work and his execution lens; in consideration of concerting in the concerting committee; in the consideration that due to the current epidemiological situation, a drastic restriction of social contacts is still necessary; in the question that this situation also It is still necessary to limit the maximum number of those who can participate in certain gatherings; that the experts have pointed out several times that dancing in this context carries a very high risk of the transmission virus; that dancing is therefore still prohibited in companies in the hotel and restaurant industry, at seat reclaims and banquets and at certain types of approved events; in the consideration that the testing and tracing capacity has been increased; in the consideration that covid is combated -19 In Belgium it is necessary to ensure precise monitoring of the state of health from cities, municipalities, districts, regions or countries, also within the Schengen area, the European Union or the United Kingdom, for the Celeval on the basis Epidemiological criteria has determined a high risk of health; and consideration that it is important for partners who live in different countries who have possible to meet, even if they are not married; the enacted health regulations requires; that a 'Passenger Locator Form' is used for adequate monitoring and tracing travelers; in the consideration that this document is filled with a pre -defined group of travelers, which depends on the epidemiological situation in the abbeyland; that this epidemiological situation changes rapidly and also requires the travelers to monitor the epidemiological situation; that it is therefore necessary with regard to effective crisis management and the protection of public health to extend this obligation to all travelers to Belgium; in the consideration that an electronic form has been introduced that must be used by travelers; that the electronic form is preferred to facilitate the administrative processing by the authority; that this form must therefore be used by the travelers, unless this is not possible for material reasons, among other things, because the traveler has an internet -enabled device in the abridious sand; Contribution and health surveillance to ensure the responsible services; in the consideration that with regard to compliance with health recommendations and social distancing, the sense of responsibility and solidarity of every citizen is still appealed to; plays an important role in the strategy of gradual withdrawal measures; that wearing a protective mask of the population is therefore recommended in all situations in which the rules of social distancing cannot be adhered to so that the virus is avoided; that wearing a protective mask is mandatory in certain facilities and specific situations; that the mask may only be taken for the time necessary, e.g.To eat drinks and dishes, for cleaning the nose or for reading lip for the deaf and hard of hearing; that wearing a protective mask is not sufficient and always has to go hand in hand with the other prevention measures; that social distancing is the most important and priority -proof; in the consideration that the experts from Celeval recommend the number of people with whom contact is maintained, that is, people with whom the rules of social distancing are not adhered to during the determined period of time ; Considering that Diebürger must be clearly informed where and when a mask must be worn; that the first times must be stopped to which this measure is in force; that the specified period acts must be corresponded to the times, to which larger human flows are expected or an increased risk of transmission; in consideration that the basic hygiene measures remain unnecessary; in the consideration that activities in free should be preferred; that, if this is not possible, the rooms must be ventilated sufficiently; in the consideration that it is necessary to take additional pre -view measures in relation to people who belong to a risk group; , it is nevertheless necessary to further prohibit activities in which there is a high risk of the spreading virus to devote special attention and activities that lead to a too close contact with the participants and/or too many people; the health situation is regularly assessed; That this means that a return to strict measures can never be excluded; in the consideration that the protocols, which are determined by the responsible minister in concert with the relevant sectors, after consultation with a virologist from the rule of 1.5 m between the Personal; Due to the urgency, issues: Article 1. Article 7 of the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 to determine urgency measures. The spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 is replaced as follows: "In shopping centers for the receipt of customers at least the following specific modalities : 1. per 10 m2ist a customer permits.2. The shopping center provides employees and customers to provide hand hygiene at inputs and outputs.3. The shopping center makes it easier to protect a distance of 1.5 m through soil marking and/or signage. "Art. 2.articula 8 of the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 to determine urgency measures. Inclusion of the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 is replaced as follows: "Business may remain open to the usual days and at the usual times. From the normal opening time to 22 Stay open. "Art. 3rd Article 10 of the Ministerial Decree of June 30, 2020 to determine urgency measures to contain the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 is replaced as follows: "The responsible municipal authorities can allow market and flea markets and fairgrounds under the following conditions: 1. The maximum number The visitor approved in a market is one visitor per 1.5 current market stall; this does not apply to fairs.2. The maximum number of visitors approved on a fair or a fair is 400 visitors. obliges to operate a stand to cover the mouth and nose, whether with a protective mask or an alternative made of fabric or, if this is not as possible for medical reasons, with a facial protection screen. 4. and outputs of the markets or fair for the ver Incoat. Traders and showmen may offer food or drinks for consumption on site. 7. An organization or one system is set up to check how many customers on the market or at the fun fair. 8. Creates a one-way traffic plan with separate inputs and outputs of the market or the fun fair, provided that the responsible local authorities do not grant an exceptional permit due to exceptional circumstances and set an alternative solutionWithout prejudice to Article 4 and without prejudice to the orders of the rescue and operating services, access to markets and fairs is organized by the responsible municipal authorities in such a way that the rules of the social distancing are held, in particular the maintenance of a distance of 1.5 m between people, as well as adequate Protection measures that offer a level of protection at least equivalent as that of the "Guide for the opening of business to contain the spread of COVID-19". "Art. Coronavirus Covid-19 is replaced as follows: "§ 1- Unless otherwise declared, gatherings of more than 10 people, children under the age of 12 are not included, only under the conditions provided by the available articles and for the articles available by available articles Activities allowed. § 2 - a maximum of 50 people may participate in the following activities: 1. Activities in an organized framework, in particular through a club or an association, always in the presence of a full-age trainer or an adult accompanying or supervisor, 2. Storage and courses Unter -conditions of the rules provided for in Article 15, 3. Reviews that are carried out after funding and not carried out by a professional catering/traiteur company, and in compliance with the rules provided for in Article 5. § 3 - A maximum of 200 personalities take part in the following activities: 1. Civil marriages, 2. Funeral and inserts that are not intended under No. 3, without the possibility of a creation of the body, 3. collective exercises of the cult and collective exercises of non -confessional moral assistance and activities within a philosophical non -confessional association in compliance with Article 14. § 4 - An audience of a maximum of 200 people may attend events, demonstrations, lectures and competitions that are organized indoors, in compliance with the modalities provided for in Article 4 (2) or in the applicable protocol and the audience of a maximum of 400 people may be able to events , Attendance and competitions, if they are organized outside, in compliance with the modalities provided for in Article 4 paragraph 2 or in the applicable protocol and without prejudice to article 5. Wetting events, demonstrations, receptions, banquets or competitions on public roads, the priorities are in accordance with Article 13 Approval of the competent municipal authorities required. en. § 6 - Without prejudice to an event and without prejudice to the guidelines and restrictions determined by the responsible municipal authorities, everyone may participate in sports competitions. If a sports competition is organized for more than 200 participants or on public road, the prior approval of the competent municipal authorities is required. § 7 -Invaluation of § 1 A non -limited number of people may attend seating receptions and bankettes carried out by a professional catering/traiteur company, in compliance with Art. 1 to 3 and 5 to 10 modalities -without prejudice of Article 4 paragraph 2 no. 1 and 5 to 8 - or the applicable protocol. "Art. 5. Article 13 of the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 to determine urgency measures to contain the spread of the Coronavirus Covid -19 is replaced as follows:" The responsible municipal authorities use them Matrix, which the National Security Council provided in its meeting on June 24, 2020, if you take an approval decision in relation to the organization of: 1st in Article 11 Section 4 (3) mentioned events, demonstrations or competitions, 2nd in Article 11 Section 5 mentioned rallies, 3. in Article 11 § 6 paragraph 2 mentioned sports competition. 1 o'clock morning and 6 a.m.June 2020 to determine urgency measures to contain the spread of the spread of the Coronaviruscovide-19 as follows: "Storage and courses with or without overnight and activities are allowed subject to the approval by the responsible community authorities. Several groups of a maximum of 50 people (participants and accompanying persons) are organized. The people assembled as part of such camps, courses and activities must stay in one group and are not allowed to get together with people from other group. as well as possible, in particular the protection of a distance of 1.5 m between the people. "Art.7. Article 18 of the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 to determine urgency measures. Inclusion of the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 is replaced as follows: "§ 1- not necessarily necessary trips to Belgium are prohibited. Section 2- In deviation from § 1 it is permitted : 1. To travel to Belgium from all countries of the European Union, the United Kingdoms and the United Kingdom, 2nd of countries that are on the website of the Federal Service on the website of the Federal Service to travel to Belgium. § § 3 - For trips that are based on paragraphs 1 and 2 on a country that are not a member of the Schengen area, the traveler is obliged to take the electronic version of the foreign service on the website of the federal service before the trip and to fill out the Passenger Locator form published by the Foreign Office and to present the transporter to get in Ending is not possible to use the electronic version Passenger Locator Form, he must fill out and sign the paper version of the passenger locator form published on the website of the Federation public service and the Passenger Locator form published. Passenger Locator form. If this form is missing, the carrier must prohibit the entry. In the absence of such an explanation or in the event of incorrect, misleading or incomplete information in this declaration, entry according to Article 14 of the Schengen border code or Article 43 of the law of December 15, 1980 on the entry into the Institute Stay, the branch and the removal of foreigners are denied. and filling the Passenger Locator Form published and the carrier has to be used before joining. and fill out the Locator form published by the foreigner office, sign it and send the carrier to the carrier. The carrier is obliged to forward this declaration immediately. If this form is missing, the carrier must prohibit the entry. Section 5 - In the case of a trip mentioned in the paragraph 3 and 4, in which no carrier is not used, the traveler, whose stay in Belgium exceeds 48 hours or has taken for more than 48 hours to stay outside, has been obliged to personally, before the Travel the electronic version of the passage matters on the website of the Federation of the Federation and the Passenger Locator Form, which is released from the Fander. Websites of the federal public service external matters and Passenger Locator form published, signed, signed and let Saniport. § 6 - In the execution of paragraphs 3, 4 and 5 based on the Passengerlocator form collected personal data can be collected in database I - mentioned in Article 1 §1 No. 5 of the Royal Decree No. 44 of 26June 2020 in relation to the joint processing of data by sciensano and the contact centers, health inspection services and mobile teams determined by the authorities of the responsible sub-areas or by the competent agencies as part of a contact determination with the Coronavirus Covid-19-infected persons on the basic database to be registered with Sciensano - and are processed and exchanged for the processing purposes defined in Article 3 of the above royal estate. "Art. 8. Art. 19 of the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 to determine urgency measures. replaced: "§ 1 - if a protocol or in the present decree does not provide otherwise, everyone takes the necessary measures to ensure compliance with the rules of social distancing, in particular the protection of a distance from 1.5 m between people, is. § 2- The rules of the social distancing yield are not:- for people who live under the same roof, with each other,- for children up to the age of 12, including among themselves,- for people who meet the framework of permanent close relationships, with each other,- between On the other hand, companions on the one hand. § 3 - In the deviation of § 1, users of public transport must only be 1.5 m between them within the framework of the possible. "Art. 9. Art. 9 of the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 for the definition measures to contain the Coronavirus Covid -19 is canceled. 2 mentioned cases everyone is obliged to cover mouth and nose with a mask or an alternative made of fabric if compliance with the controlled social distancing is impossible. to cover an alternative from fabric: 1. shops and shopping centers, 2. In cinemas, 3. In event, concert or conference halls, 4. In lecture halls, 5. In cult sites, 6. In museums, 7th in libraries, 8. in casinos and slot machines, 9. At trade fairs, including trade exhibitions, 10. in business streets, at markets including flea and flea markets, at fair and at lively private or public places that determine the competent municipal authorities and marked by the corresponding attacks with the times to which this obligation apply, 11. in companies in the hotel and restaurant industry, unless customers are sitting at their own table. Is not possible for a mask or alternative for material reasons for medical reasons, a facial protection screen can be used. Those who are not in the location due to a medical certificate certified by a medical certificate , to wear a protective mask, an alternative made of fabric or a facial protection screen, the provisions of the present decree that provide this obligation does not need to comply. "Article 22 of the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 to determine urgency measures. The Coronavirus Covid-19 is replaced as follows: "With the Inarticles 187 of the Law of May 15, 2007 on civil security punishments, the following articles are punished:- Article 4 to 8bis, with the exception of the provisions, the relationship between employer and employees concern,- Article 10, with Exception of the provisions that concern the relationship between employer and employee and the obligations of the municipal authorities- Article 11, 16, 18 and 21 to "Art. 12. Article 24des ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 to determine urgency measures to protect the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 as follows: "Unless otherwise provided, the measures required by October 31, 2020 are generally applicable." Art. 13. The issue will come into force on October 1, 2020, with the exception of article 7, which comes into force on September 25, 2020, Brussels, September 25, 2020p.de Crem