Publicatie : 2020-11-25Numac : 2020043746BRUSSELS HOOFDSTEDELIJK GEWEST23 NOVEMBER 2020. - Ordonnantie tot toekenning van bijzondere machten aan de Brusselse Hoofdstedelijke Regering naar aanleiding van de gezondheidscrisis ten gevolge van COVID-19Het Brusselse HoofdstedelijkeParlement heeft aangenomen en Wij, Regering, bekrachtigen, hetgeen volgt : Article 1. This ordinance rules a matter as referred to in Article 39 of the Constitution.Art. 2. § 1. In order to enable the Brussels-Capital Region to respond to the COVID-19 Pandemie, Deregering can take all appropriate measures to, under the threat of serious danger, any situation that is strictly framework of the COVID-19-Pandemie and its consequences are a problem to prevent and tackle it, among other things in the following areas:- the adjustment of legal texts that are laid down by the legislation of the Brussels-Capital Region or that force legislation have been adopted- the adjustment of legal texts with regard to domains on which the crisis has an impact and which fall under the regional powers;- tackling the socio-economic consequences of the pandemic-- the prevention and safety measures on the regional territory- the urgent health measures related to the matters for which the for which the Region is competent;- the measures with regard to the Regional public office and the regional services. § 2. The decisions referred to in the first paragraph may abolish, supplement, change and replace existing ordinance provisions, including the matters that are reserved for the ordinance by the Constitution or the Special Act. § 3. The decisions referred to in the first paragraph may determine the administrative indiscriminate sanctions that apply in the event of a violation of them. The criminal and administrative sanctions may not include punishments that are heavier than those that the supplemented, amended or replacement legislation on the entry into force of this ordinance to the The relevant crimes connects.§ 4. The decisions referred to in the first paragraph can be adopted, without requesting the legal or regulatory advice. However, if it deems this necessary, the government will obtain the aforementioned advice with urgency. The previous paragraph does not apply to the advice of the Act of the Council of State. This also applies to the advice of the Inspectorate of Finance and the agreement of the Minister of Budget, which must always be asked, if necessary in the event of urgency. 3. § 1. The decisions referred to in Article 2 must be ratified with regard to a period of six months that starts at the end of the Periodevan Special powers that are arranged by this ordinance. , then they are supposed to have never had an effect.§ 2. The ratified provisions can be rejected, supplemented, changed or replaced by the government, to that extent a material legal basis exists in advance. §3. The decisions referred to in Article 2 are communicated to the chairman and the clerk of parliament before they are announced in the Belgian Official Gazette.Art. 4. The authorization that Article2 of this ordinance grants to the government applies two months from the day on which it enters into force. 5. This ordinance comes into effect the day on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. Best this ordinance. Development and urban renewal, tourism, the promotion of the image of Brussels and bicultural affairs of regional importance, r. Vervoortdeminister of the Brussels -Capital Government, charged with mobility, public works and road safety, E.van den Brandtde Minister of the Brussels -Capital Government, charged with climate transition, environment, energy and participatory democracy, a. Maronde Minister of the Brussels -head of Brussels, charged with finance, budget, public office, the promotion of multilingualism of the Brussels image, s. GATZDe Minister van de Brusselse HoofdstedelijkeRegering, belast met Werk en Beroepsopleiding, Digitalisering en de Plaatselijke Besturen,B.CLERFAYT_______NotaDocumenten van het Parlement :Gewone zitting2020-2021A-275/1 Ontwerp van ordonnantieA-275/2 VerslagIntegraal verslag:Bespreking en aanneming : vergadering van Friday, November 20, 2020