Publication: 2020-07-15Numac: 2020042307 Flemish Government 10 July 2020.-Decree of the Flemish Government to the granting of an optional subsidy to the Airport exploitation company Kortrijk-Wevelgem in the context of COVID-19 for the financial year 2020 right of law decision is based on: _ of 16 May 2003 to adopt the general provisions that apply to the budgets, the control of the subsidies for the accounting of the communities and the regions, as well as for the organization of the Controloor Het Court of Audit; the general expenditure budget of the Flemish Community for the year 2020; _ the decision of the Flemish Government of 2 October 2019 determining the powers of the members of the Flemish Government; _ the Flemish Codex Public Finance of 29 March 2019; May 2019. Forming following formal requirement (s) are fulfilled: -the inspect Ie of Finance gave advice on 26 June 2020.- The Flemish Minister, competent for the budgetary policy, has given his agreement on July 9, 2020. Motoringdit Decree is based on the following the general and at the Flemish regional airports in particular; in view of the operating man, the Flemish regional airports is of strategic importance for the Flemish Region; Decree is in line with the following regulations: -th the law of 16 May 2003 establishing the general provisions that apply to the budgets, decontrol on the subsidies and the accounting of the communities and the regions, as well as for the audit of the audit by the Court of Audit;- The Flemish Codex Public Finance of 29-March 2019;- The temporary framework scheme regarding state aid for understairs euning of the economy of the economy of the current COVID-19 Outbreak (2020/C 91 I/01). Initiativedemerdit Decisions proposed by the Flemish Minister of Mobility and Public Works. After deliberation, Devlamic Government Decree: Article 1. To the NV Kortrijk Airport-- Weevelgem is awarded an optional subsidy of three hundred thousand euros for the financial year 2020 (300,000.00.00euro) in order to ensure the liquidity of the NV International Airport Kortrijk-Wevelgem in Insured COVID-13 Crisis.Thes allowance is charged on the Mb0-13-Fing-Geva-wedge-common-generation article of the Flemish Community for the financial year 2020.Art. 2. This allowance will be paid after signing of this allowance decision and after approval of the European Commission on the account number BE23 0018 0459 7191 of the NV International Airport Kortrijk-Wevelgem.art. 3. The Flemish Minister, competent for mobility and public works, is responsible for implementing this decision.brussel, 10 July 2020. The Prime Minister of the Flemish Government, j. Jambonde Flemish Minister for Mobility and Public Works ,, L.PeetersPublication: 2020-07-22Numac: 2020042369waalse Government Service16 July 2020.-Decree amending Article 47/15 of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health and to insert an Article 47/5bis for the health crisis measures related to COVID -19 to take (1) the Walloon Parliament has adopted and we, Walloon Government, ratify what follows: Chapter I. - General provisions article 1. This decree rules in accordance with Article 138 of the Constitution Affairs referred to in Article 128, § 1, of it . 2. In this decree, the use of male names is common. - Changes to the Walloon Code of Social Action and Healthart. 3. In Article 47/15, § 1, of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health, the following changes are made: a) A new member is inserted between the first and second paragraphs, reading as follows: "Doctor or the doctor or the nurse of the agency charged with the infectious diseases intervenes in a state that can be approached individually or family, he collaborates with the doctor of the patient where the declaration relates to. When the doctor or nurse of the agency is taxed with the infectious diseases in a The situation that can be approached collectively works with the doctor designated by the community, the treating doctors, the local administrative governments and the GP circle involved, with whom he consults. ". ; b) In 1 ° of Hettweede paragraph, the word "treating" is canceled; c) In 2 ° of the second paragraph, the words are "insofar as possible," lifted; d) In 2 ° of the second paragraph the words "the government From the municipality "replaced by the words" the local administrative authorities "; e) point 2 ° of the second paragraph is supplemented with the following sentence:" "" by local administrative governments "the mayors, the provincial governors, the chairmen of the public centravoor social welfare or their administrations and the local police services "; f) point 4 ° of the second paragraph is supplemented with the following sentences:" The doctor or the nurse of the agency charged with the infectious diseases sends a report in which the closure of a place, space or installation is justified, to the mayor. The decision to close can be canceled if the circumstances that forced to that decision are no longer united. Ter is responsible for the implementation of decisions to close under his administrative police powers. " ; g) Point 5 ° of the second paragraph is filled with the words "with the support of the patient's doctor to whom the declaration relates;" h) Point 6 ° of the second paragraph is replaced as follows: "6 ° If necessary, to recommend the infected persons or the persons who could infringe them, for a period that does not exceed the risk of infection, which according to circumstances, is performed as follows: a) in a) in a hospital service that is relevant to the given Health states that has been identified in the seclusion decision that has been adopted by the doctor of the Agency Methet Supervision of infectious diseases after consultation with the hospital concerned; b) at home; c) at another place suitable for this purpose "; I) the second paragraph is supplemented with a 11 °, reading as follows: "11 ° to organize their assignments with the local general practitioner circle, the local administrative authorities and the doctor by the ge HEALSCHANDIS designated as a reference person in the event of a collective situation "; J) In the third member, the sentence is replaced as follows:" The doctors or nurses referred to in paragraph 1 can provide the mayor's manner the municipality of the recommendation to take the necessary municipal valid control regulations ". Art. 4. In Title III of the introductory book, a new article 47/15bis is inserted, reading as follows: "Art. 47/15bis. § 1. Each person who enters the territory of the French -Econome area after a stay in a territory with a very High risk of infection with COVID-19 serves immediately at home or at another place suitable for this purpose in seclusion. All people with whom the persons infected or of which there is a serious suspicion that they have been contaminated must serve Also immediately put a suitable place at home or on another place for this purpose. The seclusion applies for a period that is determined by the doctors of the agency responsible for the supervision of infectious diseases, on the basis of the development of scientific knowledge. § 2The people in the Netherlands in paragraph 1 are obliged to contact their doctor as soon as possible, who either transferred the investigation test, or refers them to a triage and purchase center to proceed to the investigation. All passenger persons who have been tested positively on COVID-19 Or for whom the doctor assumes such infection, must adhere to the rules of the doctor. § 3. A city, municipality, district or country that is classified as a red zone on the list of the Federal Public Service Foreign Affairs considered a territory with a very high risk of infection within the meaning of section 1.§ 4. The assignments and powers of the In Article 47/15, doctors and nurses referred to apply to the measures referred to in this article. § 5. Without prejudice to the application of the penalties by the Criminal Code are determined with a fine of 1 to500 euros and with a prison sentence of eight days to six months, or with only one of the two penalties, the persons who do not comply with the provisions of this article . ". Chapter III. - FinalbalingenArt.5. This decree has elaborated on 16 July 2020. Currently this decree, orders that the Belgian Official Gazette will be announced. Names, July 16, 2020. The Prime Minister, etc. Rupode Vice-Minister President and Economy Minister, Foreign Trade, Research, Innovation, Digital Technologies, Spatial Planning, Agriculture, the "IFAPME", And the Skills Centers, W.Borsusde Vice-Minister President and Minister of Climate, Energy and Mobility , Ph.Henryde Vice-Minister President and Minister of Work, Training, Health, Social Action, Equal Opportunities and Women's Rights, C. MORREATED BUCKTING AND Finance, Airports Sports Infrastructures, J.-L † Cruckede Minister of Housing, the local authorities and urban policy, P.-Y. Dermagede Minister of Civil Service, Computer Science, Administrative Simplification, charged with child benefit, tourism, heritage and road safety, of the Buede Minister of Environment, Nature, Forests, National Affairs and Animal Welfare, C.Tellier ______ Nota (1) Seat 2019-2020.pieces of The Waalsparlit, 239 (2019-2020) NRS. 1 to 5.vomed report, plenary meeting of 15 July2020.BeSpeking. Voting.