Publication: 2020-09-07NUMAC: 2020042846Federal Public Service Policy and Support 1 September 2020.-circular letter no. ° 685.-Guidelines in the context of the special COVID-19 Measures for the staff members of the Federal Public Office regarding the organization of the worker Federal Public Services and the Services that depend on it, the Ministry of Defense and the Institutions of Public Nuts that belong to the Federal Administrative Public Official Office as determined in Article 1 of the Law of 22 July 1993 containing certain measures regarding civil servants Dear colleagues, Dear Lord, Dear Sir, Considering the urgency motivated by the fact that the Coronavirus COVID-19 is spreading over European territory and in Belgium, and that urgent measures are being taken to reduce the risk of public health; Measures were mostly taken to reduce the risk to public health, including "telework", the introduction of the "quarantine grooms" for employees who may be in the incubation periods of the COVID-19 virus and for a large number of employees who have to protect because their medical situation belongs to a risk group, as well as the introduction of a "quarantine period" for those who come back from non-essential trips such as tourist journeys, in function of the color codes communicated by the Fodbuitenlandse Affairs; Considering the need to clarify and specify the consequences for the staff members of the Federal Administrative Public Office; must be issued the following guidelines: 1. on the organization of the work: Erwordt referred to the guidelines stated in Article 2 of the Ministerial Decree of 30 June 2020 urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19, which was last amended by the Ministerial Decree of 28 July 2020, or by any other provision that would replace or change the aforementioned article 2, and whose scope would be the same as that as that Vandeze circular. 2. With regard to quarantine grafts: if the staff member cannot go to his workshop due to a quarantine grafting, the staff member performs performance in telewerk. If the position of the staff member cannot be performed in telework, the staff member is made available to the leading official. The leading civil servant or his representative entrusts the staff member tasks that are connected as much as possible to his positions that must be performed in his place of residence. Technical staff members may be assigned administrative assignments if this fits within their general competence level. In the absence of a service exemption for the periods in which he has not been assigned tasks, the staff member is a personnel member who receives a quarantine grafting on the return of a non-essential trip abroad is in the situation described in point 3. 3. 3 of the compulsory or recommended or recommended Quarantine period: When the staff member comes back from a non-evial ​​sake and he must follow the recommendations or obligations of the Fodbuitenlandse Affairs in the quarantine period, then he must take the following rules, whereby a distinction is made in between 2 hypotheses:-If on departure is departed abroad for a non-essential journey deregels stipulate that on return a mandatory or recommended quarantine period should be observed, the staff member performs his performance in telework, insofar as the leading official or his representative believes that the staff member believes that the staff member has his performance IES exercises during the quarantine period. If the position of the staff member cannot be practiced in telework or if the leading official or his representative do not allow this, the staff member takes leave to bridge the quarantain period (annual leave, recovery or other leave); - If additional expenses abroad for a non-essential journey, the rules determine that on return no mandatory or recommended quarantine period should be taken into account, the rules are provided for in POINS2 (1). The proof that the applicable rules at the time of departure non -sawing in mandatory or recommended quarantine period upon return from abroad is the responsibility of the staff member. This circular letter does not apply to professional relocations, for which it is being referred to point 1. This circular letter comes into effect on 1 September 2020.Deminister of civil servants, d. Clarin trap