Publication: 2020-12-03numac: 20200438577ministerie of the French Community26 November 2020.-Decree on the decision of the government of the French Community of Special Powers No 11 of 14 May 2020 on the support of the sector of higher education In the context of the COVID-19 Health Crisishet Parliament of the French Community, we have adopted and we, the government, ratify what follows: Any article. The decision of the Government of the French Community of Special Powers No 11 of 14 May 2020 on the support of the sector of higher education in the context of the COVID-19 health crisis, is ratified in accordance with the decree of 17 March 2020 to Granting special powers to the government in the context of the health crisis in connection with the COVID-19 corona virus. Announce this decree, orders that it will be announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. Brussels, 26 November2020.the Prime Minister, P.-Y. Jallessed vice-president and minister of budgeting, civil servants, equal opportunities and the supervision of "Wallonie-Bruxelles Enseigement", Fr.Daerden Vice-Presidente and Minister of Child, Health, Culture, Media and Women's Rights, B.Linardde Minister of Higher Education, Education for Social Promotion, University Hospitals, Youth, Justice Houses, Youth, Sport and Promotion of Brussels, V. Glatignydeminister of Education, c. Desir______notaziting 2020-2021pieces of parliament. - Design by Decree, no. 149-1. - Text adopted during the plenary meeting, no.149-2integral report. - Discussion and contracting. - Meeting of November 25, 2020.Publication: 2020-12-02Numac: 2020043871-French Community committee of the Brussels-Capital Regional Region26 November 2020.-Decree on the granting of special powers to the College of the French Community Commission in the context of the COVID-19-Pandememieor of Explanation Dit to the College of the French Community Commission to offer the possibility to respond quickly to the second wave of the COVID-19 Pandemie. In this context, the Municipal Executive must be able to take all useful measures, on pain of serious danger, to prevent and tackle any situation that forms a problem in the strict framework of combating the second wave of the COVID-19 Pandemie and consequences After all, we do not see the least improvement in the epidemiological situation in Belgium since the measures adopted by ministerial decision of the Federaleminister of the Interior on 8 October 2020 amending the Ministerial Decree of 30 June 2020 on urgent measures to distribute the distribution of to limit the Coronavirus COVID-19; on the contrary, there is a true deterioration of the situation. It is time to act that our health care system could continue to carry out its essential assignments, i.e. care provision citizens, including those who are not infected with Covid -19, and all patients take care of the best possible conditions, so that the plaice and would remain open, the economy can continue to function and the spiritual health of the citizens can be protected as well as possible. Daldus has led the meetings of the consultation committee to enforce certain measures and a tightening of some measures as well as the acceptance of new measures . On October 18, the Federaleminister of the Interior adopted a new ministerial decision in which it will be a new measurement of measures to combat the distribution of COVID-19. In an evaluation report on the epidemiological state of the Risk Assessment Group of 21 October 2020, we read that, compared to the previous week, the number of new infections with COVID-19 has risen. Even worse, it is clear from the conscious report that the positivity ratio (PR) has also risen in all provinces of the government, but that the highest values ​​were registered in the Brussels -Capital Region and the Walloon Region. Happy the rapid and serious evolution of the epidemiological state The consultation committee came together again on October 22 ,2020 and some previously taken measures were tightened through a new decision of the Federal Minister of the Interior on the date of 23 October. In addition, the Prime Minister of the Brussels-Capital Region, in his capacity of Governor , in particular in response to a provincial crisiscel on 24 October 2020 with the 19 mayors of the Brussels -Capital Region, the heads of the police zones and the representatives of crisis management dedisciplines, additional measures to limit social contacts. In the Brussels -Capital Region, the strictest measures of the entire country today apply. We do not help but establish that all these elements require that the government must be able to respond quickly the various sectors of our society and in particular those which are mostly attractive support. Given the seriousness of the situation, the Brussels entities are planning to continue and strengthen their actions up and strengthen. The speed with which this second wave of COVID-19 is developing requires that the college must have the appropriate legal instruments to be able to optimally respond and act. The college is well aware that the parliament is able to put his work forecast, if necessary at a distance. That is why it must now be considered whether it is necessary to work with specialty workers as the relevant legal means to take the most urgent measures. The College attaches importance to the respect for the separation of powers and then emphasizes the submission of this draft decree to the parliament.net if the first granting of special powers can be avoided that the advice must be obtained from the authorities that normally mandatory hun advice must grant, with the exception of the advice of the Council of State. In this way the request for advice is imposed by a higher standard than the ordinance on special powers, this formality must be fulfilled since it is not possible to deviate from it in the application of the current ordinance. Presidentent who is taxed with the budget requires when taking measures with special powers. Commentary on the item article 1DIT article does not commentArticle 2§ 1This provision authorizes the Municipal Executive of the French Community Commission to take all use measures in order to prevent and urgently tackle each problem situation in the strict framework of the COVID-19 Pandemie and its consequences. § 4th the provision states that the Municipal Executive does not perform certain prior consultation formalities, but the Municipal Executive fulfills Zalage Formalities in the event of an emergency if it considers it necessary. The provision as formulated in the 1st paragraph does not apply with regard to the advice of the Council of State nor the advice of the Finance Inspectorate and the Prime Minister's agreement in charge of the budget (when intended measures have consequences for the budget). article 3 The advice of the Council of State No. 67.142 of 27 March 2020 on the bill that authorization grants to the Koningom to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 stipulates: "Erwordts provides for the mandatory reinforcement of all decisions taken on the basis of the proposed regulation, even if this is not strictly necessary from a legal point of view . For example, it is possible to take measures or make changes to regulations provisions that are already part of the current legislation on the basis of the current legislation, but nevertheless seeks legal basis in article 5, § 1, of the proposal, for example because they are associated with measures for which the special powers must be invoked or because the Specialtemachtenwethem allows to ignore certain formal requirements. As a result of the ratification, both specialization decision determine or amended provisions of law obtain. They can then be changed by means of a formal law. The king will no longer be able to change them, even if a specific provision authorizes him to take measures in this regard. In the past, the Council of State, the legislation department, has always advised against making changes to Special Female Decisions . "Under this terms and conditions, it is stipulated that the confirmed provisions can be withdrawn, supplemented, amended or replaced again, at least insofar as there is a material legal basis. Items4 and 5T these items do not have to be a comment. Design decree with the aim of granting specialty memorials The College of the French Community Commission in the context of the COVID-19 Health Crisis College of the French Community Commission, concludes: The president of the College is competent for coordinating the College's policy, has the assignment to the parliamentary decree couples of which the i follows: Article 1. This decree regulates, under article 138 of the Constitution, the matters referred to in Articles 127 and 128 of the Constitution. § 1 So that the French Community Commission could respond to the COVID-19 Pandemie, the college may take all useful measures to prevent any problem situation in the strict framework of the COVID-19 Pandemie and on pain of serious danger to prevent any problem situation and its consequences, in particular the following domains:- the adjustment of the legal texts with regard to the Diezijn periods determined by or approved in the context of the legislation of the French Community Commission;- the adaptation of the legal texts with regard to the crisis affected matters that fall under the jurisdiction of the French Community committee;- the management of the socio-economic welding of the Pandemie in the context of the powers of the French Community Committee and Harness Institutions-- the measures in the field of prevention and safety, including dem measures that allow ensure that the necessary staff is available for the management of Depa Ndemia In the context of the powers of the French Community Commission and its institutions;- the urgent health measures in connection with the matters that belong to the jurisdiction of the French community committee- the measures with regard to the public office of Defran community committee. § 2. The decisions as referred to in § 1 may withdraw, supplement, change or replace the applicable decreets provisions, including the matters that reserves the Constitution or the Special Act for the Decree. § 3. The decisions as referred to in § 1 may determine the administrative and criminal sanctions that apply to violations of those decisions. The criminal and administrative sanctions may not be heavier than those that connect the completed, amended or replacement legislation to the data violations at the entry into force of the current decree. § 4The decisions as intended in § 1 can be adopted without the legally or regulatory advisory and advisory people being obtained. However, the Municipal Executive, however, will consider the advice concerned to obtain brushing. The previous paragraph does not apply to the advice of the Legislation of the Council of State, which must in any case be sought, urgently, urgently. For the advice of the Finance Inspectorate and the agreement of the Prime Minister who tax is with the budget, who must always be requested, if applicable, the decisions referred to in Article 2 must be ratified by decree within A period of six months that starts at the end of the period of special powers as organized by the current decree. In the absence of ratification within the period set in the previous paragraph, it is supposed to have never had an effect. § 2. The ratified provisions can be repeatedly withdrawn, supplemented, amended or replaced by the Municipal Executive, insofar as there is a material legal basis for this before. § 3. The decisions as referred to in Article 2 are notified of the president and the clerk of parliament before their announcement in the Belgian Official Gazette. Article 4. The authorization granted to the college by Article2 of the current decree is valid during Two months from the entry into force of the decree. Determine as set in the 1st paragraph can be extended once for the same duration. Article 5. The current decree will enter into force on the day of its announcement in the Belgian Official Gazette.brussel, 26 November 2020. For the college: b. Traut, president of the lecture of the French Community Commission