Publication: 2020-11-23Numac: 2020043705waalse Government Service November 19, 2020.-Decree amending Article 5 of the Decree of 29 October 2020 to the granting of special powers to the Walloon government to respond to the second wave of the Covid-13 health crisis for the matters regulated by Article 138 of the Constitution (1) has adopted the Walloon Parliament and we, Walleers Government, ratify what follows: Article 1. In Article5 of the Decree of 29 October 2020 to the granting of special powers to the Walloon Government Omte respond to The second wave of the health crisis COVID-19 for the matters arranged for item 138 of the Constitution is the word "one" replaced by the word "two" .Art. 2. This decree comes into effect the day after the day of it by the Walloon Government. Kondregenditititen decree, orders that it will be announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. Names, 19 November 2020. The Prime Minister, e. Di Rupode Vice-Minister Presidents Minister of Economy, Foreign Trade, Research, Innovation, Digital Technologies, Spatial Planning, Agriculture, the "IFAPME", and the Skills Centers, W. Borsusdevice Minister President and Minister of Climate, Energy and Mobility, Ph. Henrydevice Minister President and Minister of Work, Training, Health, Social Action, Equal Opportunities Women's Rights, Ch. MORREALEDE Minister of Finance, Budget, Airports Ensport infrastructures, J.-L. Crucke the Minister of Housing, Local Directors, and Urban Policy, Ch. Collignonde Minister of Civil Service, Computer Science, Administration Simplification, charged with child benefit, tourism, heritage and road safety, of the Buede Minister of Environment, Nature, Forests, National Affairs and Animal Welfare, C.Tellier ______ Nota (1) Seat 2020-2021.pieces of the Waals parliament 341 (2020-2021) NRS. 1 to 3. Complete report, plenary meeting of November 18 ,2020.BEVERKING. Voting.Publication: 2020-11-25Numac: 2020043738 Flemish Government13 November 2020.-Decision of the Flemish Government to regulate a general and selective subsidy for the organizers of childcare and out-of-school care and of measures for childcare families and out-of-school care as a result of the consequences of the COVID-19-Virus rights ground decree is based on:-the Decree of 30 April 2004 establishing the internal independence with legal personality Growing up direction, Article 5, § 2, 2а, a), inserted by the decree of 1 March 2019 , Article 12, amended by the Decree of 1 March 2019, and Article 13, §4, inserted by the Decree of 21 June 2013;- The Decree of 20 April 2012 containing the Organizational Pan Childcare of Babies and toddlers, Article 6, § 1 , 3а, E), and § 5, Article 8, §1, amended by the decrees of 29 June 2012 and 23 March 2018, § 3, first paragraph, 1а, Article 10, 3а, and Article 12, § 1, second paragraph and § 3 , inserted by the decree of 15 July 2016. Form-requiring following formal requirements have been fulfilled:- The Flemish Minister, competent for the budget, has given his agreement on 12 November 2020;- No advice was requested from the Council of State, applying Article 3 , § 1, of the laws on the Council Vanstate, co -rdinated on January 12, 1973. There is an urgent necessity because since mid -October2020 the evolution of the number of infections, the number of hospital admissions and the positivity ratio of the tests conducted is enormously worrying. Because a number of critical thresholds were exceeded, a ministerial decision was approved on October 28, 2020 with far -reaching measures with regard to the economic and social life. As a result, since November 2, 2020, there has been a die again a Lockdown of power. More specifically, the federal government took the following measures, among other things:- Telewerkis mandatory;- stores that sell non-esentiыle goods are closed;- Establishments of the cultural, festive, sporting, recreational and event sector are closed;- companies that offer services to consumers , are closed- Individual private contact intersections citizens are very limited; In addition, the consultation committee decided to extend the autumn holiday with the schools up to and including November 15, 2020. Although these measures have GlobalalTot goal to limit the contacts between people as much as possible and to encourage people to stay as much as possible. Although the risks for the contamination of babies and toddlers and young children are still layers, the general measures result in families taking care of their children more at home. In addition, the high degree of contamination leads to a lot of organizers being confronted with a child's supervisor who are sick or are in quarantine. Sometimes that is the daycare as a result of an infection or high -risk contact, but usually due to an infection or high -risk contact in the private context. As a result, (part of) the operation is forced to stop for which it is not for which a compensation for the decision of the Flemish Government of 2 October 2020 to regulate a subsidy for the organizers' measures for families in childcare and extracurricular care as a result of the consequences of the COVID-19 virus and to change the decision of the Flemish Government of 24 March2020 to combat the negative consequences of the COVID-19 Virus for families and organizers in childcare and the decision of the Flemish government of April 1, 2020 to combat the negative cessation of the COVID-19 virus for families and organizers in out-of-school care, in the care of sick children and in preventive family support. In addition, many children are absent for illness or a high -risk contact or because parents do not send their child to the reception from angstof because they do not need reception as they have been stopped again in the hospitality industry, the cultural sector or another sector works that have been stopped as a result of the recent measures . The current measures hold an almost complete lockdown. In this context it is clear that the selective compensation die was introduced by the decision of the Flemish Government of 2 October 2020 is not sufficient. This only makes compensation possible with a mandatory closure following the home isolation of a full living group by a high -risk contact or a infection in the reception, or of a closing of childcare by a specific measure of a government or a target group limitation. The large numbers of absences, both with children's counselors and with children, make a general compensation, which was introduced on 24 March 2020 and 1 April 2020 and which is necessary again up to and including September 2020In the absence of such a general compensation, the liveability and the survival of the childcare sector are compromised since a decrease in the presence and the global occupation has a direct impact on the income of an organizer. However, experience learns in between that the corona measures have an effect after some time, which again makes more relaxation in social, professional and social life possible. A general compensation for unlimited duration is therefore not appropriate. That is why this decision provides for a dual system: on the one hand, selective compensation for the period that the outbreak is reasonably under control and the life normalizes, and on the other hand a general compensation for the months in which the government is the reason for a high rate of infection, a high number Hospital admissions and a high positivity ratio of the corona tests are forced to impose extremely restrictive measures. In view of the Lockdown that started on November 2, 2020, and the evolution of the decrease in presentations in the reception of the second half of October, it is not possible to wait for the advice of the Council of State to approve the regulations, even not with an advice on five days, since it is clear on the basis of the current situation that a general compensation is necessary in November with the eye on the liveability of the sector and that adjusted measures must also apply to families. Zowel the sector as The families must quickly have clarity about the rules that apply from November. For that reason, the present decision is not first submitted to the Council of State. Initiative Di -Tit Decree is proposed by the Flemish Minister for Welfare, Public Health, Family and Poverty List. This decision means: 1а Absence Day: the daycare day ordered by the family in the reception plan in the written agreement between the organizer and the family, on which the child is absent; 2а Agency: the internally independent agency with legal personality -growing director, established by article 3 of the Decree of 30 April 2004; 3а Certificate of Supervision: the Supervision certificate stated in Article 3, § 1, of the Quality Decree of Out -of -school care of 16 May 2014; 4а Out -of -school care: The out -of -school care stated in Article1, 1а, of the Out -of -school care Quality Decree of 16 May 2014; 5а Decree of 30APRIL 2004: The Decree of 30 April 2004 establishing the internally independent agency MUBRECHT Personality Growing up direction; 6а Decree of 20 April 2012: The Decree of 20 April2012 containing the organization of childcare of babies and toddlers; 7а Target group restriction: the limitation of the type of family that is allowed Using childcare or out -of -school care, imposed on the organizer of childcare or out -of -school care. The target group restriction is imposed on the framework of combating the COVID-19 epidemic by a federal measure, a Flemish measure, or a measure of the provincial governor or the mayor as stated in Article 27 of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 on urgent measures to Limit the spread of Coronavirus Covid-19TEThe measures with regard to families that relate to home insulation do not fall under; 8а Family shelter for extracurricular children: the family shelter, mentioned in article 1, 4а, of the Quality Decree on 16 May 2014; 9а Group shelter for out -of -school children: the group care, mentioned in Article 1, 5а, of the Quality Decree on the basis of 16 May 2014; 10а Childcare: The Childcare, stated in Article2 of the Decree of 20 April 2012; 11а Local Service: The Local Service stated in Article1, 15а, of the decision of the Flemish Government of 27 November 2015 containing the conditions for de recognition and the subsidiыring of mandated facilities, co -rendination points and flexible reception pools of target group workers, the conditions for the permission and the subsidi ring of local services Buurt -Onderstebuitenschozenschool care, and the conditions for an additional subsidy for organizers with a one permit group care e n a plus subsidy; 12а Minister: the Flemish Minister for Welfare, Public Health, Family and Poverty Reduction; 13а Opening Day: The day on which one is available to catch children; 14а daycare moment: one of the following times on an opening day on which a child is taken out of schools: a) vѓѓr school time; b) after school; c) on Wednesday afternoon; d) on a school -free day; e) a school holiday day; 15а shelter on a school day: the daycare of school days, after school or on Wednesday afternoon; 16а shelter on a school -free day: the daycare on a school -free day or during the school holidays; 17а project FCUD out -of -school care: The project mentioned in Article 1 , 4а, of the decision of the Devlamic Government of 15 July 2016 on the subsidiыring of projects from the former fund for collective equipment and services and for staff members with a former scoostatute, which organizes out -of -school care; 18а subsidy for out -of -school care in a separate interior space: the subsidy for out -of -school care in a separate interior space, mentioned in Article 42 Tot with 48 of the out -of -school care subsidy decision of 16 May 2014; 19а Subsidy for initiative of out -of -school care: the subsidy for initiative for out -of -school subsidiary, mentioned in article 19 to 31 of the Out -school subsidy decision Reception of May 16 2014; 20аs subsidy for income rate for out -of -school care: the subsidy for income rate, stated in article 36 to 41 of the out -of -school care of 16 May 2014; 21ip obligatory closure: the partial or complete closure of a childcare location or reception location is a direct result of a of the following situations: a) The closure has been imposed in the context of combating the COVID-19 epidemic by one of the following measures: 1) a federal measure; 2) a Flemish measure; 3) a measure of the provincial governor neururef the mayor as stated in Article 27 of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 holding measures to limit the distribution of the COVID-19 Coronavirus; b) The full or partial closure of the reception location due to the absence of one or more children's supervisor to a quarantine care test or infection with the COVID-19 virus so that the ordinary operation can be continued in accordance with the applicable conditions. That closure has been reported to the agency reported in accordance with the administrative guidelines of the Agency; c) a situation of force majeure that is related to COVID-19; 22а working day: a day that is not Saturday, Sunday or a ten legal holidays.Art. 2. The subsidies are granted with due observance of the 2012/11/21/EU Decree of 20 December 2011 on the application of Article 106 (2) of the Convention on the Function of the European Union on state aid in the form of compensation for the Public service, provided to the provisions of the management of services of general economically interested companies.art. 3. In application of Article 10, 3а, of the Decree of 20 April2012, the Agency can grant a subsidy to the organizer of Childcare to compensate for the consequences of the COVID-19 virus and for the specific subsidy conditions stated in Articles 4 and 7 of of This Decree, to live. With application of Article 5, § 2, 2а, a), and Article13, § 2, of the Decree of 30 April 2004, the Agency can grant a subsidy to the organizer of out -of -school care for the consequences of the To compensate COVID-19 virus and to comply with the specific subsidy conditions stated in Articles 10 and 12 of this DecreeThe minister determines calendar month based on the severity of the number of infections, the number of hospital admissions and the positivity ratio of the COVID-19 tests taken and on the basis of the applicable federal measures to limit the distribution of the COVID-19 Coronavirus, which of the following subsidies grant the agency can: 1а A general subsidy: a general subsidy applies to the absence days, to the loss of parental contributions and for the full closure due to force majeure that related to COVID-19, regardless of the reason and period of the absences of the children collected in a certain month; 2аen Selective subsidy: A selective subsidy only applies to the absence days and the loss of parental contributions during the period that a mandatory closure or target group restriction applies to certain organizers in a certain month. Caparatum 2. - Subsidy to support the organizers of childcare department 1 - General subsidy Childcare art. 4. The Agency knows a general subsidy to the organizer of childcare if the organizer for this purpose, in accordance with this Decree, submits an application and meets all the following conditions: 1аde organizer is available to continue the service for all families who need it And makes efforts to use available employees more broadly than the current care offer. The organizer keeps all employees active for this. This condition does not apply if deorganizer can prove that he cannot continue the services due to force majeure as a result of COVID-19; 2аde organizer and the employees are not activating temporary unemployment or bridging rights for the self-employed for employees following the COVID-19 epidemic who are employed in the location for which the subsidy is requested. The organizer pays the employees for the Childcare Further during the period for which the general subsidy is requested: a) Contrary to Article 65 of the Subsidy Decree of 22 November 2013, the organizer pays the children's counselors who have the social status of affiliated reception parents, a cost reimbursement of 17.50 euros per full day of absence in the childcare location at the child counselor or a redundant amount as stated in Article 5, third paragraph, of this Decree; (b) the organizer pays all other employees correct wages or reimbursements, so that those employees are able to expand single and future -oriented social -law situation in the childcare location; 3аde organizer meets the measures for the families stated in Article 22 of this Decree; 4аde organizer and the employees do not appeal to the Flemish Corona Premies for entrepreneurs and independently establish a fall in turnover or who should completely or partially stop their activity through the COVID-19 epidemic or measures that are taken for this. In deviation from the first-line, 2а, the can the Organizer exceptionally activate a system that makes employees not reimbursed if it is necessary for the operation to replace the non-availability employee if an employee wants to rely on the temporary unemployment for the reception of a child.art.5. The general subsidy for the organizer of Childcare is: 1а for the childcare places for which the organizer does not have to meet the conditions stated in Articles 20 to 36/1 of the subsidy decision of 22 November 2013: a) for family shelter for babies and toddlers: 17.50 euros per absence day; b) For group shelter for babies and toddlers: 27 euro Perafeiliness Day; 2а for the childcare center of the organizer who organizes group shelters for baby's toddlers with cooperating childminders in the social status of the affiliated childminders or family shelters for babies and toddlers and who for those places the places Grant for Income Rate for Childcare receives from the Agentschap and meets the conditions stated in Article 20 Tot with 36/1 of the aforementioned Decree: a) 20.01 euros per absence day for the Organizatordie works with child counselors in the social status of the affiliated reception parents Or with children's supervisors in the employee status project for childminders; b) 17.50 euros per absence day for the organizer who does not work with children's counselors in the social status of the affiliated reception parents or with childcare workers in the Employee Statute project for childminders; 3а for the organizer of the organizer who organizes group care for babies and toddlers and who for those places The subsidy of income rate for childcare receives from the agency and meets the conditions stated in Article 20 to 36/1 of the aforementioned decision: 20 euros per absence dayIn the most member is understood by: 1а Family shelter for babies and toddlers: the childcare with a permit for family shelter as stated in Article 4, first paragraph, 1а, of the Decree of 20APRIL 2012; 2а Group shelter for babies and toddlers: the childcare with a permit Voorgroeping as stated in Article 4, first paragraph, 2а, of the Decree of 20 April 2012; 3аs subsidy for childcare rate for childcare: the subsidy for income rate, stated in Article 1, 17а, of the subsidy decision of 22 November 2013. The organizer receives: 1аde full subsidy, stated in the first paragraph, for an absence day on a reserved daycare day that lasts five hours or more three hours last.art.6. The number of absence days eligible for the subsidy stated in Article 5 can never be more than the result of the following calculation: the number of licensed childcare places of the childcare location multiplied by the number of working days in the month for which the application is served, reduced by the number of presence days of children in that period. Department2. - Selective childcare art subsidy. 7. The Agency grants the selective subsidy the organizer of Childcare if the Organizer for this in accordance with Article 15 of this Decree submits an application and meets all the following conditions: 1а The Organizer is subject to a mandatory closure or a target group limitation; 2а the Organizer meets Devolks, stated in Article 4, first paragraph, 1а, 2а and 4а, for the entire period of the mandatory decision or target group restriction and lives the modalities of the mandatory closure or target group restriction; 3аde organizer meets the measures for the families stated in Article 23.Art. 8. Based on the amounts stated in Article 5, the selective subsidy is granted to the organizer of Childcare for the absence days to which the mandatory closure applies or for the absence days of a child as a result of the target group restriction.art. 9. The number of days of absence that is given to the subsidy stated in Article 8 can never be more than the result of the following calculation: the number of licensed childcare places of the childcare location multiplied by the number of working days in the period that the mandatory closure or target group limitation applies , Reduces the number of presence days of children in that period. Chapter 3. - Subsidy for support from the organizers of out -of -school care department 1. - General compensation out -of -school care art. 10. The Agency grants the general subsidy to the organizer of out -of -school care if the Organizer for this in accordance with Article 15 of this Decree submits an application and already meets the following conditions: 1а The conditions stated in Article 4; 2а de Organisatorwerkt together with the local Board that for the daycare at school -free days and for the daycare during the school days the reception questions and the care offer COURDINKEN.Art. 11The general subsidy for the organizer of out -of -school care is: 1а for the reception location of an organizer of out -of -school care with a recognition without a subsidy or with a supervision certificate: a) for reception on a school day: 8.75 euros per opening day on a school day per place for a percentage of the places on the recognition or the supervision certificate; b) for daycare on a school -free day: 17.50 euros per opening day on a school -free day per place for a percentage of the places on recognition or the supervision certificate; 2а for the reception location for which an organizer of out -of -school subsidy for the out -of -school care initiative, the Local Service subsidy, the subsidy for project FCUD out -of -school care or the subsidy for out -of -school care receives a separate interior space: a) for a school day: 7 euros per opening day a school day per place for a percentage of the places on the recognition or of the places with permission; b) For reception on a school -free day: 14 euros per opening day on a school -free day per place for a percentage of places on the recognition or of the places with permission; 3а For the reception places of an organizer of out -of -school care who group care for out -of -school children with cooperating reception parents In the social status of affiliated childminders or family shelter for out -of -school children and who for those places who receives the subsidy for income rate for pre -school care from the Agency and meets the conditions stated in Article 20TOT and 36/1 of the subsidy decision of 22 November 2013: the amounts stated in Article 5, Primary member, 2а, of this Decree; 4а for the reception places of an organizer of out -of -school care that is organizing group care for extracurricular children and who receives the subsidy rate for out -of -school care for those places: the amount stated in Article 5, first l ID, 3а, of this decision; 5а for the reception places for which the organizer receives the subsidy for ProjectFcud sick children: 12 euros per presence day of at least 3 hours and 4.5 euros for a presence day of less than 3 hours, for the number of presence days that the organizer realizes less than the same month in 2019. In the first paragraph, 5а, is understood by the FCUD Sieke Children project: The project mentioned in Article 1, 4а, of the decision of the Flemish Government of 15 July 2016 concerning SubsidiRing of projects from the Former fund for collective equipment and services and front staff members with a former scoostatute, which organizes care of sick children. Deminister determines the percentage stated in the first paragraph, 1а and 2а. The Minister determines that percentage citizen full calendar month on the basis of the evolution of the presence in the reception and of the valid deficiency measures in the context of combating the spread of the COVID-19 virus. The ministers make a distinction in the percentage depending on whether or not the organizer is required. Department2. - Selective compensation of out -of -school care art. 12. The Agency grants the selection subsidy to the organizer of out -of -school care if the organizer for this purpose in accordance with Article15 of this Decree submits an application and meets the conditions stated in Article 7.art.13In the event of a mandatory closure of the entire reception location, the subsidy for the organizer of out -of -school care is: 1а for the reception location of an out -of -school care organizer with a recognition without a subsidy or with a certificate of supervision: a) for reception day: 8.75 euro per opening day on a school day per location for 80 % of the places on de recognition or the supervision certificate; b) For reception on a school -free day: 17.50 euros per opening day on a school -free day per place for 80 % of the places on the recognition or the certificate of supervision; 2а for the reception location for which an organizer of out -of -school care for initiative of out -of -school care, the subsidy for local service, the subsidy for ProjectFcud out -of -school care or the subsidy for out -of -school reception in a separate indoor space reception: a) for reception on a school day: 7 euros per opening day on a school day per location for 80 % of the places on the recognition or of the places with permission; b) For reception a school -free day: 14 euros per opening day on a school -free day per place for 80 % of the places on recognition or of the places with permission; 3а for the reception places of an organizer of out -of -school care that group reception for out -of -school children with cooperating reception parents The social status of the affiliated childminders or family shelter for out -of -school children organizes and who for those places receive the subsidy for income rate for out -of -school care from the Agency and meets the conditions stated in Articles 20 to 36/1 of the subsidy decision of 22 November 2013: the amounts stated in Article 5, first paragraph, 2а, of this Decree; 4а for the reception places of an organizer of out -of -school care that organizes group care for out -of -school children and who for those places the subsidy for income rate for out -of -school care reception: the amount stated in Article 5, first paragraph, 3а, of this decision.Art. 14. This article is understood to mean: 1а average duration: the following endurance times, based on average in the sector, on which children are taken care of: a) vѓѓr school time: 1.5 hours; b) after school: 3 hours; c) on Wednesday afternoon: 6 am; d) On a school -free days a school holiday day: 11 hours; 2а Maximum available reception offer: the result of the calculation whereby the number of recognized places or places on the certificate is multiplied by the average duration of the reception time per opening day, after which the result of all This multiplication is added. In the case of a target group limitation or partial closure of the reception location, the subsidy for the organizer of out -of -school care is: 1а for the organizer of out -of -school care with recognition without a subsidy of the agency or with a) certificate: a) for reception on A school day: 8.75 euros per lost place per opening day on a school day; b) For reception on a school -free day: 17.50 euros per lost place per opening day on a school -free day; 2а for the organizer of out -of -school care that is the subsidy for the out -of -school reception, the subsidy for local service, the subsidy for project FCUD out -of -school care or the Subsidy for out -of -school care receives a separate interior space: a) for daycare on a school day: 7 euros per lost place per opening day on a school day; b) For reception on a school -free day: 14 euros per -lower place per opening day on a school -free day; 3а for the reception places of an organizer of out -of -school care who group care for out -of -school children with cooperating childminders in the social status of the affiliated childminders or family shelter for extracurricular children organizes and who for those places receives the subsidy for income rate for out -of -school care from the agency and meets the conditions stated in Articles 20 to 36/1 of the subsidy decision of 22 November 2013: The amounts stated in Article 5, first paragraph, 2а, of this decision; 4а for the reception places of an organizer of out -of -school care that organizes group care for out -of -school children and who for those places the subsidy for income rate for out -of -school reception reception: the amount stated in Article 5, first paragraph, 3а, of this DecreeThe number of lost places, stated in the second paragraph, 1а and 2а, is based on the difference between the realized consciousness percentage in the reception location and an occupation of 80 % of the maximum available care offer from the organizer and is calculated in the following way: 1а is the realized presence percentage is Withdrawn from 80 %; 2а The percentage that is the result of the calculation stated point 1а is calculated on the maximum available care offer; 3а per day care point that the organizer offers the average duration time is multiplied by the number of opening days before reception time, after which those results become added up; 4а The result of the calculation, stated in point 2а, is divided by the result of the calculation, stated in point 3а. The realized attendance percentage, stated in the third paragraph, is calculated in the following way: 1а per day of daycare, the total number of effective presents on the different opening days is multiplied by the average duration of the reception time; 2а The results of the multiplications stated in point 1а are added up ; 3а The result of the sum, stated in point 2а, is divided by the maximum available care offer and then multiplied by 100.kapreek 4. - application procedure art. 15. The application for the general and selection subsidy for childcare or for out -of -school care is submitted no later than the last day of the second month that follows the month for which the subsidy is requested. The application is submitted to the guidelines of the agency. The application is submitted with the application form that the Agency makes available and in which the organizer already provides the following information over the month for which the subsidy is requested: 1а the identification data of the organizers the childcare location in question; 2а the month for which the subsidy is requested; 3аTe number and the duration of the absence days; 4а Statement on honor word about the fact that the organizer meets the conditions stated in Article 4; 5а the date and signing. For the application of a selective subsidy By an organizer of Childcare, the organizer in the event of the second paragraph allows the following information about the period of the mandatory decision or the target group restriction in the month for which the subsidy is requested: 1а the number and duration of the presence days; 2а de period for which the mandatory closing or target group certificate ing applies; 3а the description of the reason for the closure and mention of the authority that has taken the decision to close, whether the statement of the regulations will contain compulsory closure or the target group restriction. For the application for a general subsidy ear an out -of -school organizer The organizer provides the organizer in addition to the data stated in Hetweede paragraph, 1а, 2а and 5а, already the following information: 1а for the general subsidy stated in Article 11, first paragraph, 1а up to and including 4а: the number of opening days for childcare on a school days for reception on a school -free day; 2а for the general subsidy stated in Article 11, first paragraph, 5а: the number of presence days in the previous month and the number of presence days in the same period in 2019; 3а statement on honor about the fact that the organizer complies the conditions stated in Article 7. For the application for a selective subsidy by an organizer of out -of -school care, the organizer in addition to the data stated in the second member, 1а, 2а and 5а, all the following information about the period of the mandatory closure or target group restrictions The month for which the subsidy is requested: 1а the period for which the mandatory closing or target group limitation applies; 2а for the organizer with the subsidy for income rate: the number and duration of the absence days and the number and duration of the presence days; 3а for the organizer without the subsidy for income rate, in the event of an application as a result of target group restriction or partial compulsory closure: a) the number Opening days Powling moment; (b) the number of effective presents per day care moment; 4а for deorganator without the subsidy for income rate, in the event of a complete mandatory closure: the number of opening days provided on a school day and on a school -free day; 5а the description of the reason and mention of The body that has taken the decision to close, or the statement of the regulations that contains the mandatory closure or the target group limitation.art.16. The agency decides on the application at the latest sixty calendar days after the day on which it has received the application. The agency informs the organizer with an e-mail of the decisionIf the subsidy is granted, the agency pays the subsidy no later than thirty days after the day on which the decision to grant the decision -making. If the organizer does not provide the data in time the agency in accordance with Article 4, second paragraph, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 7 December2018 containing the childcare allowance and kindergarten allowance, the agency, contrary to the first -line member, pays the subsidy amounts stated in Article 5, first paragraph, 1а, of this Decree, no later than sixty days after the day on which it received the data in the context of the childcare allowance. As the organizer does not provide the data on time to the Agency in accordance with Article 10, § 1, of the Ministerial Decree of 23 April 2014, the implementation of the subsidy decision of 22 November 2013, the Agency in deviation from the first paragraph pays the subsidy amounts stated in Article 5 , first -line, 2а and 3а, Article 11, first paragraph, 3а and 4а, article 13, 3а and 4а, and Article 14, second paragraph, 3а and 4а, of this Decree, no later than sixty days after the day on which the organizer has provided the data, to the Agency in the context of the Income rate system. As the agency, stated in the third and fourth paragraphs do not receive Has within 120 days after it has received the application, the right to the general or selective subsidy to which the application relates. Chapter 5. - Supervision and enforcement art. 17. The Agency and Care Inspectors supervise compliance with the provisions of this Decree. The necessary information for the Supervision can also be obtained from the federal or Flemish data sources. The agency can in accordance with Articles 19 to 23 of the Decree of 20 April 2012 Administrative Measures to the Organizer of Childcare the provisions of this Decree do not comply with the provisions of this Decree. The law of 16 May 2003 establishing the general provisions that apply to debts, the control of the subsidies and for the accounting of the communities and the regions, as well as for the organization of the audit by the Court of Audit, the agency recovers the subsidy the organizer: 1а does not comply with the conditions, under which the subsidy was granted; 2аde subsidy does not use for the purposes for which it was granted; 3а the control of the revenue of the subsidy prevents the supervision that the subsidy is an over -compensation disease compared to the costs that the organizer has, the agency claims that overcompensation RUG. The organizer informs the organizer with a registered letter of the decisions, stated in this article. Chapter 6. - Objection options. 18. Organizer can ignore thirty -four calendar days after the notification of a decision to refuse the subsidy as stated in Article 16, or a decision to enforce as stated in Article 17, to the agency with a registered letter. The period of thirty calendar days stated in The first -member, starts from the third working day that follows the day on which the Agency has handed the decision in the Wlestiemet a registered letter to the postal services, unless the addressee is the oppositebewijst. The registered letter stated in the first paragraph contains the following information : 1аde name and the business number of the organizer; 2а the decision against which an objection is made and the reasons for the objection; 3а the date and signature of the organizer.art.19. The agency sends an electronic receipt and decides on the admissibility of the objection at the latest ten calendar days after the day on which it received the objection.art.20. The objection is receptive if all the following conditions have been met: 1а It has been submitted to the agency in time; 2а It contains the necessary information stated in Article18, third paragraph.art. 21. The objection will be dealt with in accordance with the rules laid down or for the implementation of Chapter III of the Decree of 7 December 2007 containing the establishment of a advisory committee for facilities of welfare, public health and family and (candidate) foster carers. The Implementation of the decision not op. Chapter 7. - Measures for the Families Art. 22. For the months for which the Minister in accordance with Article 3 of this Decree, that the Organizer can apply for the general subsidy, the general measures apply to the families stated in the second to the sixth paragraph. In deviation from the provisions in the written agreement , stated in Article 36 of the Permit Decree of 22 November 2013, and in deviation from Article 28 of the subsidy decision of 22 November 2013, the families pay nothing for the Days of the Child in the Childcare LocationThe organizer who meets the conditions stated in article 20 to 36/1 of the subsidy decision of 22 November 2013, does not deduct the Absence Days of the Child from the number of justified absence days stated in Article 29 of the aforementioned decision, to which a family is entitled Based on the written agreement or the house regulations. The organizer who does not comply with the conditions stated in Article 20 to 36/1 of the Subsidy Decree of 22 November 2013, the absence days of the child does not deduct the number of days on which a Family, on the basis of the written agreement or the internal regulations, is entitled to make the child absent in the reception without the family having to pay for it. , applies, the organizer may, in deviation from the provisions in the Schrif, for the current calendar year a reduction of a maximum of щщn twelve -tan axes on: 1а The total number of justified absence days for the calendar year stated in Article 29, first paragraph, 2а, of the subsidy decision of 22 November 2013, for the Organizatordie meets the conditions stated in Article 20 to 36/1 of the aforementioned decision; 2аhet total number of days on which a family, based on the written agreement, has for the calendar year right to make the child absent in the reception without the family having to pay for it, for The organizer who does not comply with the conditions stated in Articles 20 to 36/1 of the Provision. To calculate the number of days to which a family is entitled to apply the reduction stated in the fifth paragraph, the following completion rules are used : 1аals The result ends in less than 25 hundredths, the end result is completed to the whole of numericals; 2а as the result E indigts at least 25 hundredths or less than 75 hundredths, the end result is rounded to the whole number with 50 hundredths; 3а If the result ends at at least 75 hundredths, the end result is completed to the next complete number. 23. In this article, the living group means: 1а for the decking of babies and toddlers: the living group, stated in Article 55 of the permit decision of22 November 2013; 2а for out -of -school care: the well -defined number of places for which required closure are imposed. For the months for which the Minister stipulates in accordance with Article3 of this Decree that the organizer can apply for the selective subsidy, the selection measures apply to the families stated in the third to the fifth paragraph. In Deviation of the provisions in the written agreement and the internal regulations, stated in Article 34 and 36 of the Permit Decree of 22 November 2013, and in deviation from Articles 25 and 27 of the Quality Decree Output reception of 16 May 2014 and Article 28 of the Subsidy Decree of 22 November 2013 Paying Families Nothing for the absence days of their child during the period of mandatory closure of the living group in question or of the reception location or during the period that their child is not allowed to go to the reception location by the target group restrictions. The organizer who meets the conditions stated in Articles 20 to 36/1 of the subsidy decision of 22 November 2013, draws mandatory closure of the living group in question or of the reception location or during the period that the target group restrictions for the child applies, the absence days of the child does not deviate from the number of justified days stated in Article 29 of the aforementioned Decree, on which a family, based on the written agreement or the internal regulations, the organizer who does not follow the conditions stated in Articles 20 to 36/1 of the subsidy decision of 22 November2013, draws during the period of mandatory closure of the living group in question or of the reception location or during the period that the target group restriction applies to the child, the Absence Days of the Child not Of the number of days on which a family, based on the written agreement or the internal regulations, has the right to make the child absent in the reception without the family having to pay. 24. Without prejudice to the situations stated in Article 34, § 1, of the subsidy decision of November 22, 2013, a contract holder is entitled to an individually reduced rate if he ATAL complies with the following conditions: 1а the contract holder at the time of the calculation of the current valid income rate a joint taxable income for deductible spending of a maximum of 44493.57 euros; 2а The contract holder can be demonstrated on the basis of an official document that the joint monthly income of the contract holder and, if there is, the resident person is at least 10 % lower the month prior to the application for the individually reduced rate than a twelvedevan The most recent joint taxable income for deductible spending stated in Article33, § 1, first paragraph, 1а, b), of the aforementioned Decree. The contract holder who is satisfied in the first paragraph, is entitled to a reduction of 25 % on the income rate is calculated at the time of the application for the individually reduced rate, with the minimum standard minimum rate. There is a maximum reduction of 25 % per family. The system determines that individually reduced rate automatically if the contract holder applies for the individual reduction rate and that situation applies in the online instrument. The individual reduction rate, stated in the first paragraph: 1а must be requested appearance January 31, 2021; 2а has the starting date The month after the application for the Income rate; 3а certificate for six months, unless there is a time when the contract holder applies for a new income rate must be requested as stated in Article 32, third paragraph of the subsidy decision of 22 November 2013. Chapter8. - Change provisions. 25. In Article 3, first paragraph, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 2 October 2020 regulating a subsidy for organizers and measures for the families in childcare and out-of-school care following the consequences of the COVID-19- viruses to amend the decision of the Flemish Government of 24 March 2020 to combat the negative diversion of the COVID-19 Virus for families and organizers in childcare and the decision of the Flemish Government of 1 April 2020 to combat the negative consequences From the COVID-19 Virus for the families and the organizers in out-of-school care, in the care of sick children and in the preventive family support, the phrase "period from 1 October 2020 to 31 December 2020" is replaced by the phrase "month of October 2020". Art. 26. In Article 7, first paragraph, of the Self -Decree, the phrase "period from October 1, 2020 to 31 December 2020" is replaced by the phrase "month of October 2020" .Art. 27. Article 12 of the same decision will be lifted.art.28. In Article 24, second paragraph, of the same decision, the phrase "Article 11 keeps on the elaboration on December 31, 2020 and" replaced by the phrase "Article 11 keeps having elaboration on 31 October 2020 and". Chapter 9. - Final determining art. 29. This Decree has elaboration with effect from November 1, 2020. Articles 1 to 24 of this Decree hold on to the elaboration on 31 March 2021.Art. 30. The Flemish Minister, competent for growing up, is taxed with the implementation of this decision.brussel, November 13, 2020. The Prime Minister of the Flemish Government, j. Jambonde Flemish Minister for Welfare, Public Health, Family and Poverty Reduction, W. Beverage