Publication: 2020-06-26Numac: 2020015064 Ministerie of the French Community 20 June 2020.-Decree of the French Community of Special Powers No 39 that strives to resume film recordings by the risks related to the COVID-19 crisis in Given the decree of 18 December 2019, guaranteeing of the French Community the expenditure budget of the French Community for the financial year 2020; Having regard to the Decree of 17 March 2020 to the Government of Special Powers in the context of the Health Crisis in connection with the COVID -19 Coronavirus, Article 1, § 1, g); Having regard to the advice of the Inspector of Finance, given on 19 June 2020; Having regard to the agreement of the Minister of Budget of 20 June 2020; Whereas the decision of the Minister of Security and Domestic Affairs of 23 March 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19TE, last amended by the Decree of the Minister of Security and Interior of 30 May 2020, which in particular provides for The closure of cinemas until 30 June 2020; predominant consultation was held during the first weeks of the month of May 2020 with the whole of the film sector, the cabinet of the Minister of Media and the Center for the Film and the Audiovisual Sector; predominantly this consultation it has made it possible to show that the resumption of the film recordings depends on the guarantee for producers that the risks in connection with the whole or partial stop filming as a result of the COVID-19 can be covered by a mechanism of guarantee or insurance; that the majority of the planned film recordings in July, Augustuses must be and are canceled if they cannot be performed during this period; The considerable damage resulting from the wave of cancellation of film recordings during the summer period for all professions of the film sector; Infection of film locations; in view of the lack of any other public mechanism for the guarantee of film producers against the risks related to the contamination of COVID-19 at film locations; on the nomination of the Prime Minister, the Minister of Culture and the Minister of Culture and the Minister of Culture and the Minister of Culture and the Minister of Culture and the Minister of Culture and Media; Naverraking, Decree: Article 1. In the Decree of 18 December 2019 containing the grade budget of the French Community for the financial year 2020, an Article 34bis is inserted, reading as follows: «Art. 34bis. The French community guarantees rata of 5 millioneuro, the costs that would be supported by the VZW St'art in the context of a warranty mechanism to Belgian film production companies with a social seat in Wallonia or in Brussels to run risk of interruption or stopping the filming After contamination of COVID-19 on the film locations of full-length films (fiction, animation), short lilms (fiction, animation), documentaries, TV Series.degarring referred to in the first paragraph to the following conditions:- It is limited to a maximum of 5 million EURO in total of all possible support;- the reimbursement is equal to the amount of the extra costs as a result of stopping filming, reduced by one's own risk-producing 10% of the amount of the claim with a minimum of 25,000 euros for full-length films, 10,000 Euro for documentaries and 7,000 euros for short films, charged to the producer. The reimbursement Magin does not exceed a million euros or 20% of the total production costs of the film;- the reimbursement only covers the interruption or cancellation of recording days for a maximum duration of four weeks;- The reimbursement cannot cover the following costs: general costs, financial costs, tax charges, fines for delay or non-delivery;- any claim must be assessed by an independent expert who appreciates the amount of the damage, and the assessment can be disputed by the French Community, if necessary for the courts; - The warranty period is between July 1, 2020 and 30 September 2020 ».Art. 2. This decision comes into effect the day on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. Art. 3. The Prime Minister, the Minister of Budget and the Minister of Culture and Media are charged with the implementation of this decision.brussel, 20 June 2020. The Prime Minister, P.-Y. Jallessed Minister of Budget, Civil Service Affairs, Equal Opportunities and the Supervision of "Wallonie Bruxelles Enseigement", Fr. Daardende Minister of Child, Health, Culture, Media and Women's Rights, b. LinardPublication: 2020-07-03numac: 2020015098ministerie of National Defense27 June 2020.-Royal Decree No. 42 establishing a corona land for parenting protection for the soldiers in the context of the health crisis as a result of the Coronavirus COVID-19Filip, to the Belgians, to All who are now and will be after this, our regards. Heletop the law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the king to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II), Articles 2 and 5, § 1, 5 ° and 6 °, and § 2; Having regard to the law of 13 July 1976 on the number strength to officers and the articles of association of the armed forces, the Article 53quinquies; and allocation procedures of the leave for parenting protection and the leave for the care of a heavily sick related; in view of the Royal Decree No. 23 of 13 May 2020 implementing Article 5 , § 1, 5 °, of the Act of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the king to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II) containing the Corona parental leave; the negotiating committee of the military personnel, closed on 10 June 2020; predominantly the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on 8 June 2020; predominantly approval of the Minister of Budget, dated 17 June 2020; predominantly the agreement of the Minister of Civil Servants, dated 17 June 2020; In view of the advice 67,639/4 van deraad van State, given on 23 June 2020 in application of Article 4, third paragraph, of the law that authorizes the King to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronaviruscovid -19 (i); Considering the urgency motivated by the fact that, as a result of the crisis related to the COVID-19 Pandemie, urgent and special measurement regulations n Nomendie must be nominated to the adjustments to the labor regime in order to allow some soldiers to be able to provide for their children by delivering reduced performance; on the nomination of the Minister of Defense and the advice of the ministers met in the Council have WIJN and we decide: Article 1. The soldier who, on the basis of Article 53quinquies of the Law of 13 July 1976 on the number strength to officers and the articles of association of the armed forces, can reduce his performance in the context of the leave for parental protection , is eligible for a corona rack for parenting protection, in accordance with the provisions Vandit Decree.art. 2. The Corona Lof for parental protection is exercised under the Devel Conditions and further rules as applicable to the leave for parental protection referred to in Article 53quinquies of the aforementioned law of 13 July 1976, and in accordance with the Royal Decree of 25 April 2004 on the application and allocation procedures of the leave for parental protections The leave for a seriously sick related, to the extent that this decision does not deviate from these provisions. For the application of this Decree, the notion "working day" is used as a corresponding definition referred to in Article 3, 61 ° of the law of 28 February 2007 establishing the statute of the soldiers and candidate soldiers of the active framework of the armed forces.art. 3. The Corona Lay for parental protection can also be granted when placing the child in a shelter in the context of foster care, in accordance with the provisions referred to in Article 53quinquies, § 2, third to sixth paragraph, of the aforementioned law of 13 July 1976.art . 4. The corona ramp for parenting protection can be included: 1 ° either in the context of a reduction of performance by half, only if the military is full -time; 2 ° or in the framework of a reduction in performance by one fifth, only when the Military full -time work. In a deviation from the first paragraph, the soldier with full -time employment can also include the coroner lock for parenting protection as full -time leave: 1 ° or when the child is affected by an unsuitability or a disorder as referred to in Article 53quinquies, §2, fifth paragraph , of the aforementioned law of 13 July 1976; 2 ° or when the soldier lives exclusively with one or more children he has charged. 5. The corona raffle for parenting protection can be exercised from 1 July 2020 to 30 September 2020, as follows: 1 ° or in one uninterrupted period; 2 ° either in one or more, whether or not, periods of one month; 3 ° either in one or more, whether or not connecting, periods of one week; 4 ° or a combination of 2 ° and 3 °. Art. 6An interruption allowance granted to the soldier who reduces his work performance on the basis of the provisions Vandit Decree. The interruption allowance is equal to the allowance in the event of leave for parenting protection, increased by 25 %. In deviation from the second paragraph, the interruption chair is equal to detention in case of leave for parental protection, increased by 50%: 1 ° or when the child is affected by an unsuitability or a condition as referred to in Article 53quinquies, §2, fifth paragraph, of the aforementioned law of 13 July 1976; 2 ° or when the Militively exclusively with one or more children he has charged. The increased gross interruption chairs are not higher than the loss of remuneration as a result of the recording of the corona land for parenting protection. In this case, the gross allowance is limited to this loss of remuneration. The loss of remuneration referred to in the fourth paragraph is obtained by the reference monthly remuneration of the full calendar month that precedes the start of the Corona Lof for parenting protection, to multiply by the reduction of performance in The framework of the Corona parenting leave.art.7. § 1. A soldier who has reduced his work performance from 1 May 2020 by half or by one fifth in the context of the leave for parental protection in accordance with Article 53quinquies of the aforementioned law of 13 July 1976, with an agreement from the Director-General Human Resources or the government he designates, converting the current leave for parental protection into the Coronal Lof for parenting protection. In deviation from the second paragraph, a soldier who has reduced his work performance from 1 May 2020 can full -time in accordance with Article 53quinquies of the aforementioned Act of 13 July 1976, with agreement of the Director-General Human Resources or the Government he designates, converting the current leave for parental protection into the Corona raffle for parental protection, provided that on that date: 1 ° or the child was affected by an incapacity or condition as referred to in Article 53quinquies, § 2, fifth paragraph, of the aforementioned law of 1 3 July 1976, have 2 ° either only cohabiting with one or more children who have been expected. The Director-General Human Resources or the government he designates a period of up to three working days following the application are agreement for the conversion of the leave for parenting protection in Coronallof for parenting protection. If the leave for parenting protection is not converted for the full duration in the Corona Lof for parenting protection, then the leave for parenting protection from the day after the origin of the Corona Lof for parentinglof will be end date. § 2. The period in which the leave for parenting protection is converted into a corona ramp for parenting protection in accordance with paragraph 1 is not charged for the maximum duration of this leave for parenting protection. The remaining duration of this translated leave for parenting protection cannot be included later, even if this remaining duration is not meets the minimum duration of the leave. This period should not be taken in the same break. § 3. The Corona Lof for parenting protection cannot be simultaneously arranged with a leave referred to in Articles 53bis up to and including 53 sexies of the aforementioned Law of 13Juli 1976, or when the military services performed in the voluntary labor regulation of the half -time reciprocal exit referred to in Articles 2 and 11 of the Act of 21 May 2000 to establish the voluntary labor scheme of the four -day week and the regulation of the half -time early exit for some soldiers and to change the status of the military with the eye on the temporary establishment Office tax due to career break.art.8. § 1. Contrary to Article 1, first paragraph, of the aforementioned Royal Decree of 25APRIL 2004, the soldier who wishes to use the Coronaverlof for parenting protection, an application makes a force commander by means of any written means of communication, in which receipt, in which he states the desired duration and start date. This application must due to three working days before the desired starting date. In the deviation of Article1, third paragraph, of the aforementioned Royal Decree of 25 April 2004, the government is referred to in Article53quinquies, § 1, of the aforementioned law 13 July 1976, the corps commander. § 2Contrary to Article 1, first paragraph to fourth paragraph, of the aforementioned Royal Decree of 25 April2004, the corps commander gives the soldier's agreement or refuses the leave within a period of Maximaal three working days following the application and at the latest before the start of the Coronallof ancestorship protection. The notification of the agreement or the refusal of the corps commander's state by means of any written means of communication with the receipt of the report by the military concerned. § 3. In mutual agreement, the deadlines of the application procedure can be shortened. 9. In accordance with Article 95 (2) of the Act of 28 February 2007 establishing the status of the soldiers and candidate soldiers of the active framework of the armed forces, the provisions of this Decree do not apply to the candidate soldiers.art .10. This Decree comes into effect on 1 July 2020. With the exception of Article 7, § 2, this Decree will be out of effect on the date on which the Royal Decree No. 23 of 13 May 2020 can be executed by Article 5, § 1, 5 °, of The law of 27 March 2020, which authorizes to take Dekoning to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus Covid-19 (II), the Corona parental leave, will be out of effect. 11. The Minister competent for the Ministry of Defense charged with the implementation of this decision.brussel, 27 June 2020.filipvankoning: the Minister of Defense, p. Goffinde Minister of Amtenarenzaken, D.Clarinval