Publication: 2020-11-25Numac: 2020043745 community community committee of Brussels-Capital23 November 2020.-Ordinance to the granting of attorney to the United College of the Community Commission in response to the Health Crisis as a result of COVID-19De Municipal Executive and We, We, , ratify what follows: Article1. This ordinance regulates a matter as referred to in Article 135 of the Constitution.art.2. ยง 1. In order to enable the common community committee to respond to the COVID-19-Pandemie, the United College can take all appropriate measures to prevent and urgently tackle and urgently tackle within the strict framework of the fight against the second wave of the COVID-19 Pandemie and the consequences of this, including in the following areas:-The adjustment of legal texts on the periods laid down by the legislation of the Common Community Commission or which have been adopted under those legislation; with regard to domains on which the crisis has an impact and which are under the powers of the common community committee-- the urgent health rules are related to the matters for which the common community committee authorized them- the measures with regard to public office and services of the common Egema Commission. ยง 2. The decisions referred to in the first paragraph can eliminate, supplement, change and replace existing residentinance provisions, including the matters that are reserved for the ordinance by the Constitution or the Special Act. ยง 3. The decisions intended in the first paragraph may determine the administrative and criminal sanctions that apply to it. The criminal and administrative sanctions may not be punishable more than those that the supplemented, amended or replacement legislation at the entry into force of this ordinance to the relevant Crimes connects. ยง 4. The statutory or regulatory requirement advice on the decisions referred to in the first paragraph must be requested as the extent of the possible law via the existing emergency procedures, but the decisions referred to in the first paragraph can be adopted without the aforementioned advice being sought in advance. Member does not apply to the advice of the Legislation of the Council of State. This also fees for the advice of the Finance Inspectorate and of the members of the Municipal Executive for Finance and Budget, which must always be requested, if necessary in the event of urgency ,.Art.3. The decisions referred to in Article 2 must be ratified by ordinance within a period of six months that starts at the end of the period of special powers arranged by these ordinance. nevertheless deemed to have had an effect. The decisions referred to in Article 2 are being nourished to the chairman and the clerk of the United Meeting before they were announced in the Belgian Official Gazette.Art. 4. The authorization that Article 2 of this ordinance grants the United College applies two months from the day on which it comes into effect. 5. Thisordonnance comes into effect the day on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. Basic ordinance orders that it will be announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. Brussels, 23 November 2020. The member of the United College, competent for well -being and health , E.van den Brandthet Member of the United College, competent for Welfare and Health, A.Maronhet Member of the United College, competent for the family benefits, budget, public office and external relations, s. Gatzhet Member of the United College, competent for the family benefits, budget, public office and external relations, b. Clerfayt______nota documents of the United Meeting of the Common Community Committee: Ordinary Sessing202020-2021B-56/1 draft of Ordonnantieb-56/2 Reporting report: Discussion and contracting: Meeting of Friday 20 November 2020