Publication: 2020-05-19Numac: 2020041259federal Public Service Home Affairs1 March 2019.-Act amending the Code of Income Taxes 1992, in order for the volunteers at the corps of the public fire brigade and the fiscally exempt amount to the civil protection to increase. - German translation The following text is the German translation of the law of 1 March 2019 amending the Code of Income Taxes 1992, to the intention of the volunteers at the corps of the public fire brigade and to increase tax -exempted amounts at the civil protection (Belgian Official Gazette of 18 March 2019). This translation drawn up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.Föderaleröffentlicher Service Finanzen1. MÄRZ 2019 - Gesetz zur Abänderung des Einkommensteuergesetzbuches1992 im Hinblick auf die Erhöhung des Betrags der Steuerbefreiung zugunsten der freiwilligen Feuerwehrleuteder öffentlichen Feuerwehrdienste und der freiwilligen Mitarbeiter beim ZivilschutzPHILIPPE,Konig der Belgier, Allen Gegenwartigen und Zukunftigen, Unser Gruß!Die Abgeordnetenkammerhat das Folgende angenommen und Wir sanktionieren ES: Article 1 - Vorliegendes Gesetz arranges in Article 74 of the Verwähnte Angelegenheit.art. 2 - Article 38 § 1 Deseinommensteuergesetzbuches 1992, Zuletzt Abgeändert Durch das Gesetz vom 30. März 2018, Wird who folgabgeändert: 1. Absatz 1 nr. 12 wird who fells ersetzt: "12. Zulagen für freigneuerwehrleute, zeragen für freiwillige krankwagenfahrer für urgent medizinian hilfeleistungenim sinne von von von von's gesetes vomy senf. 2. Absatz 3 wird wie folgtersetzt:"Die in Absatz 1 Nr. 12 erwähnten Zulagen für Freiwillige und die in Absatz 1 Nr. 29erwähnten Entlohnungen, die in Ausführung eines Flexi-Job-Arbeitsvertrags gezahlt oder zuerkannt werden,werden auf dem Berechnungsblatt vermerkt, das dem STEUER DEMINELS des Empfängers in Bezug Auf that Steuerder Natürlichen Persons Beigefügt ist. "Art. 3 - Vorliegendes Gesetz wirksam mit 1. January 2019. article 2 ist auf die abd dem 1. January 2019 sucks oder zuerkannten such as anwendbar. GEBEN ZU Brüssel, Den 1. März 2019philippevonkönigs roads: Der VizePremierminister und Minister of the Finanzena. The Croomitdem Staatselgel Vershen: of the Minister of Justiz, k. GainPublication: 2020-05-19Numac: 2020041260federal Public Service Home Affairs27 February 2019.-Act amending the Code of Income Taxes 1992 in the case of the notion of legal retirement age. - German translation The following text is the Get Dislacement of the Law of 27 February 2019 amending the Income Tax Code 1992 What the notion of the statutory retirement age concerns (Belgian Official Gazette of 15 March 2019). This translation was drawn up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.föderaleröffentlicher Service Finanzen27. February 2019 - Gesetz Zur Abänderung des Einkommensteuergesetzbuches1992 in Bezug auf den Begriff "Gesetzliches Ruhstandsalter" Philippe, Konig der Belgier, Alligenwartigen und Zukunftigen, Unser Gruß -Voorde -Vore -Kammer Hatbammer Hatbammer Hatbammer - Dasammer Hatbammer Hatmenkammer - Hat's Alommenkammer - Hat's Alommen Cammer's Cammer - der Verfassungerwähnte Angelegenheit.art. 2 - Article 171 des Einkommensteuergesetzbuches 1992, Zuletzt Abgeändertdurch das Gesetz vom 6. Dezijn 2018, Wird who fails Abgeändert: 1. Number 2 Buchstabe B) Wirddurch Einen Gedankstrich mit folgendem Wortlaut Ergänzt: "Anyone who trades this way, who are durch arbeitbergeberberberbergeberberberberberbergebergebergeberge beigebzeiten's ergäscheiten bullen's gelgene battle of the right. vollständige Laufbahn erfüllt sind, dem Empfänger, der mindestens bis zu diesem Alter tatsächlichaktiv geblieben ist, ausgezahlt werden oder im Todesfall nach Erreichen des Alters, in dem die Bedingungenfür eine vollständige Laufbahn erfüllt sind, wenn der Verstorbene bis zu diesem Alter tatsächlich aktivgeblieben ist, ausgezahlt were, ". 2. In No. 4 Buchstabe f) wird zwischen dem dritten und viertenGedankenstrich ein Gedankenstrich mit folgendem Wortlaut eingefügt:"- der Kapitalien, die durchArbeitgeber- oder Unternehmensbeiträge gebildet werden und zu Lebzeiten frühestens bei Erreichen desAlters, in dem gemäß den geltenden Rechtsvorschriften in Sachen Pensionen die Bedingungen für einevollständige Laufbahn Erfüllt sind, dem empfänger, der Mindestens bis zu diesem alter tatsächlich aktivgeblieben isst, ausgezekt were im todesfall nach erreichen of the alters, in the sewing of the heirs of the mind of the like that of the like that of the like that of the like that of the like that of the like that of the like that of the like that of the like that of the like. , ". Art. 3 - Article 169 § 1 Desselben Gesetzbuches, Zoetzt Abgeändert Durch das Gesetz vom 8. Mai 2014, Wird who fails Abgeändert: 1. Absatz 3wird Anyone who folgt ersetzt: "In Abweichung von Absatz 1, Kapitalien von Ergänzend Pensions, which gemäß Article 52bis des königlichen erlasses no. 72 Vom 10. November 1967 über die Ruhstands-Unit, SORBLEENBENENPENCHEN, Füriebenpensen Füriebenpensen There was Durch Article 70 DESPROUPGESETZES VOM 24. Dezember 2002 Ersetzt Wurde, Zuerkannt were, Oder von Ergänzend Pensionenerwähnt in Title II Kapitel 1 Abschnitt 4 des Programmesetzes vom 24. Dezijn 2002 Die Festleggeliger Steuperpentigen Grundeliger Umwandlungvon 80 Prozent dieser Kapitalien entsprechend Koeffizienten, die in Absatz 1 erwähnt sind, hervorgehenwürde, in dem Maße, wie sie:entweder zu Lebzeiten frühestens bei Erreichen des gesetzlichenRuhestandsalters dem Empfänger, der mindestens bis zu diesem Alter tatsächlich aktiv geblieben ist, ausgezahltwerden oder im Todesfall Nach Erreichen des Gesetzlichen Ruhstandsalters, Wenn der Vers torbene bis zudiesem Alter tatsächlich aktiv geblieben ist, ausgezahlt werdenoder zu Lebzeiten frühestensbei Erreichen des Alters, in dem gemäß den geltenden Rechtsvorschriften in Sachen Pensionen dieBedingungen für eine vollständige Laufbahn erfüllt sind, dem Empfänger, der mindestens bis zu diesemAlter tatsächlich aktiv geblieben ist, ausgezahlt werden Oder im todesfall nach erreichen des alters, in demo those clause for the full laufbahn yard, wenn of the distorbent bis diesemalter tatsächlich aktiv bleed in ausgezahlt. "2 2Paragraph 4 is replaced as follows: "Invaluation of paragraph 2, the first partial amount to which the conversion regulation is applicable will only be taken into account 80 percent if the capital mentioned in this paragraph: either at the latest when the statutory retirement age is reached, the recipient who is at least until this age has actually remained active, are paid out or in the event of death after the statutory retirement age has been achieved if the deceased has actually remained active up to this age, at the earliest when the age is reached at the earliest when the age is reached, in which the A complete career is fulfilled, the recipient, which has actually remained active at least up to this age, are paid out or the death after reaching the age in which the conditions for a complete career are fulfilled if the deceased actually actively actively has remained, to be paid out. "Art.4 - in Article 515bis paragraph 7 of the same code of law. Statutory retirement age, if the deceased has actually remained active up to this age, "by the words" at the earliest when the statutory retirement age is reached or in the case of achieving age, in which the conditions for a complete career meets in accordance with the applicable legal regulations in terms of pensions the recipient who has actually remained up to one of these age are paid out or in the event of death after reaching the statutory retirement age relationship after reaching the age in which the conditions for a complete career are fulfilled if the deceased up to one of these age has actually remained active, "replaced. 5 - The law will be effective on January 1, 2019 and is on that from the1. Payments made by capital in January 2019. We manufacture the present law and order that it provided with the state seal and published by the Belgian state newspaper. De Croomit provided the state seal: Derminister of the Justice, k. GeesePublication: 2020-05-11Numac: 20200412166brussels-Capital Region7 May 2020.-Special powers decision of the Brussels-Capital Government No. 2020/016 on the support of the operators of the remedied passenger transport taken by the urgent measures to distribute the Coronavirus COVID-19 in restricting Brussels-capital government, in view of the ordinance of 19 March 2020 to know special powers to the Brussels-Capital Government in the context of the Health Crisis COVID-19, Article2; Having regard to the agreement of the Minister of Budget, given on 22/04/2020; in view of the request for emergency treatment, motivated by the fact that countless operators of taxis and of rental vehicles with driver in activity experience serious economic damage as a result of the COVID-13 health crisis; that it is necessary to provide urgent support to the involved operators to limit economic damage; D ate the operators concerned have seen their turnover decrease or even disappear as a result of measures, which means that the income of the entrepreneurs is in danger; that this support aims in particular to prevent a wave of bankruptcy among the operators who suffer from dipping liquidity problems such as consequence of the crisis; that the strike of payment pursuant to the liquidity problems may have a domino effect on the economy, which should be avoided at any price; that these problems and securities can be felt very short term and that it cannot be justified that there would be a delay in the introduction of the support measure; that it is therefore indicated that the support will be paid as soon as possible and that urgency is therefore justified; in view of advice 67,303/4 van deraad van State, given on April 29, 2020, in application of Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3а, of the laws on the Council of State, co -rdinated on 1 2 January 1973; Considering the Ministerial Decree of 23 March 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19TE, amended by ministerial decision of 24 March 2020; guarantees and both the legal certainty to safeguard the principle of equality, is appropriate to, in accordance with Article 2 of the Ordinance Pans 19 March 2020, to grant special powers to the government, urgently to obtain the advice of the Council of State; whereas the emergency measures, the necessity to raise a global decision for the granting of this premium and the fact that the allocation and control measurement measures are in that decision, the agreement is determined in Article 19.2 of the ordinance of December 17 ,2019 containing the general expenditure budget of the Brussels-Capital Region for the budget year2020 for every decision of more d of 15,000 € not required. On the recommendation of the Prime Minister of the Brussels -Capital Region, competent for the remunerated transport of persons, after -date, decision: Chapter 1. - General provisions article 1. for the application of this Decree, is understood by: 1а Minister : the Prime Minister of the Brussels-Capital Government, competent for the remunerated transport of persons; 2а operator: the legal person or natural person who has a permit for the operating bonus a taxi service or a service for renting vehicles with driver referred to in Articles4 and 17 of the ordinance of 27 April 1995 on the taxi services and the services for renting vehicles with driver; 3а Regulation: the Regulation (EU) No 1407/2013 of the Commission Fan 18 December 2013 on the application of Articles 107 and 108 of the Convention on De Minimis aid concerning the European Union, announced in the publication CL Ad van de Europeunie L352 of 24 December 2013; 4а beneficiary: the natural person or legal entity applies or receives support; 5а BM: Brussels Mobility of the Regional Public Service Brussels; 6а Company: the entity referred to in Article 1 of the Annex to the recommendation of the Commission of 6 May 2003 on the definition of small, medium and micro-enterprises.art.2. The minister provides support to the operators in activity taken by the urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID -19, under the conditions referred to in the Regulation. Caparation 2. - Modalities of the SupportAtr. 3. The support exists in one -off premium of 3,000 euros to every operator in activity, which has a permit well by BM Vѓѓr 19 March 2020.Art.art. 4Is excluded from the support or, if all, to its repayment, the beneficiary: 1а to whom a sanction is imposed on the ground of Article 10 of the Ministerial Decree of 23 March 2020 urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-13, or anyone other regulations that are replaced by the replacement; 2а that has not adopted all applicable obligations in the field of environmental, social and employment law; 3а that is in a state of bankruptcy or refers to his work, or has a judicial reorganization, or declaration done of his bankruptcy, for whom a procedure for liquidation or judicial organization is pending, or who is in a comparable situation as a result of a similar procedure that exists in other national regulations; 4а that intentionally incorrectly intellers in one of the cases as referred to in article 3, § 1, first paragraph, of the ordinance of 8 October 2015 containing general rules regarding the withholding, recovery and non-equalization of subsidies in the field of employment and economy, as well as the subsidies as referred to in the aforementioned ordinance does not repay in accordance with The rules referred to in its Article 4. The beneficiary lives the conditions stipulated in the first paragraph after during a period of three years from the date of the award of the support. Chapter 3. - Research procedure choir the application and payout files of the support art. 5. The beneficiary submits the request for support from BM by means of a form that BM makes available on its website. The beneficiary can only submit a request. Other de minimis-regulations falling support to the company received during the two preceding tax years and the current tax year.art. 6. The award decision is served to the beneficiary within dedries months after receipt of the request for support. The minister may extend the decision -making period that available budget credits have been exhausted. 7. The support is settled in a Belgian bank account number that is in the name of the beneficiary. Chapter 4. - The supervision of and detacking of the support art. 8. Chapter X of the Ordinance of 3 May 2018 Support for the economic development of companies applies to this Decree. - Final provisions. 9. This decision comes into effect on the day of its announcement in the Belgian Official Gazette.art. 10. The Prime Minister is responsible for the implementation of this Decree.brussel, 7 May 2020. For the Brussels-Capital Government: Deminister President of the Brussels-Capital Government, competent for territorial developments Urban renewal, tourism, promotion of the image of Brussels and Brussels and Bicultural Affairs of Regional Interest and the paid transport of people, r. Hurt