Publication: 2020-10-02numac: 2020043061federal Public Service Home Affairs 3 February 2019.-Act amending the law of 1 August 1985 on tax and other provisions what the powers of the Commission for Financial Aid to victims of intentional violence and to the occasional redders Concerns the assistance to the victims of so -called "cold cases" and until further determination of its research authority. - German translation below is the German translation of the law of 3 February 2019 amending the law of 1 August 1985 -related tax and other provisions with regard to the powers of the Commission for Financial Aid for the acts of violence and to the occasional rescuers regarding the Help to the victims of so -called "cold cases" and as far as further determination of its investigative power (Belgian Official Gazette of 8 February 2019). This translation was drawn up by the Central Service for German translation Malmedy.föderaler Öffentlicher Service Justiz3. FEBRUAR 2019. -Gesetz zur Abänderung des Gesetzes vom 1. August 1985 zur Festlegung steuerrechtlicher und anderer Bestimmungenhinsichtlich der Befugnisse der Kommission für finanzielle Hilfe zugunsten von Opfern vorsätzlicher Gewalttatenund von Gelegenheitsrettern in Bezug auf die Hilfe zugunsten von Opfern in unaufgeklärten Fällen undzur näheren Bestimmung der Untersuchungsbefugnis der Kommissionphilippe, Konig der Belgier, Allen Gegenwartigen und Zukunftigen, Unser Gruß! Die Abgeordnetenkammer Hat Folendangenommen und Wir Sanktionieren es: Kapitel 1 - Allgemeine Bestimmung article 1 -Vorlassends Gesetzege Gesetzegeheit 1. August 1985 Zur Festlegung Steuerrechtlicher und Anderer Bestimmungenart.2 - In Article 34bis Absatz 1 des Gesetzes vom 1. August 1985 Zur Festlegung Steuerrechtlicher und Andererbestimmungen, Eingefügt durch durch Das Gesetz Vom 27. April 27. April 27 . Dezember2004, Wird Zwischen Dem Zweiten und DED DE DE DE DE DE DE DED SATZ EIN NEUER SATZ MIT Folgendem Wortlaut Eingefügt: "Siekann Ebenfalls UNTER DENSELBENTEGEN VON Jedem Versicher Oder Versicher üts1s ützlicheninder, in this, ignortermen -Information, ignortermen -Information, ignortermen -Information, ignortermen -Information, ignorternodernodernodernodernodernodernodernodernodernodernodernender, ützlichenindermen -Information, Dery Information, Diannodernender, Dery Information, Diannodernender, Detolenomindernender, Dery Information, Diann, Information Der. 2 Buchstabe a) Oder B) Erwähnten tat Zugunsten of the Antragstellers eingreifen Könnten. "Art.3 - Article 37bis Desselben Gesetzes, eingefügt durch das Gesetz vom 26. März 2003, wird unbektzt Gibt es again Eine ENTSCHEIDUNG ZUR EINSTELLUNG Der Peninquentfolgungwegen Unbekanntbleiben des Täters nor Eine ENTSCHEIDUNG ZUR SPLAHRENSESTELLUNG READY UNBEBANNTBLEIBENTS Täters, Kann Die Kommission im Fall Eines in Article 32 § 1 Nr. 9, Article 32 § 2 No. 7 Oder Article 32 § 3 nr. 4 Erwähnten damages eine außergewöhnliche Hilfe Gewähren, un damage Anwendung of Article 31 bis 33 § 1. Die Außergehnhnliche Hilfe Wird pro vorsätzlichegegewalttat und Pro Anthragsteller für Euuf Euuf ign IUF VINEUF VINEUF VAREUF VINEUF VINEUF VINEUF VINEUF VINEUF VINEUF VINEUF VINEUF VINEUF VINEUF AUF VINEUF AUF VINEUF VINEUF VINEUF VINEUF VINEUF VINEUF VINEUF VINEUF VINEUF VINEUF VINEUF VINEN VAREUF VENT. Hat of the ancrdragsteller Bereits eine Urgend Hilfe, eine hilfe eine ergänzende hilämänzende Hilphere stops, muss Dieser got into the event of abursing. 31bis Erwähnten Hilfe Eingereicht. Those außergehnhnlichehilfe Kann Nur were wonders, weed the taten, roads of those that Außergehnhnliche Hilfe Beanragtwird, Mehr as Zehn Jahre Verlangen sind. "Kapitel 3 - übergangsbestimmart. 4 -article STEBERGENGARGART. So who there durch article 3 des Vorliegenden Gesetzes Ersetzt Wird, Findet Anwendung Auf Erlittene Schäden, who Auf eine Vorsätzliche Gewalttat Zurückzuführen sind, auch Wenn einer ingeicht von, gesh vordes vorliegendendens Vorliegendendens Vorliegendendens Vorliegendendens Vorliegendendens Vorliegendendens foresits Inkrafttreten of the Vorliegenden Gesetzes Abschlossen are ist, Müssen Binnendrei Jahren nach inkrafttrans of the Vorliegenden Gesetzes Einen Anthrag Einreichen.kapitel 4- Inkrafttretenart. 5 - Vorliegendes Gesetz Gesetzstaatsstaats Vorffigen Daftlichung Vorffentlichung Vorffentlichunggungungs Vorffentlichunggungunggungungguns Daftlichung's Daftlichungs Vorffentlichunggungungs Vöffentlichunggungungs Vöffentlichunggungungs Vöffentlichunggungunggungungs Vöffentlichunggungungs Vöffentlichungs. es mit demastatiegel VERSEHEN Und Durch Das Belgian Staatsblatt Veröffentlicht Wird.geben zu Brüssel, The 3. February 2019philippevon Königs weighing: of the Minister of Justizk. GainPublicatie: 2020-10-02Numac: 2020043062FOLELE ORBEIDST SEVITION BINNENLANDSEE15 January 2019.-Wet Tot Wijziging van 1 Augustus 1985 Houdende Fiscale Wat de hulp aan de slachoffers van terrorism. - Duitse Vertalingde Hierna Volgendetekst is de duitse vertaling van de wet van 15 January 2019 dead wijziging van de wet van 1 Augustus 1985houdende fiscale en other Bepalingen wat de hulp aan de slachoffers van terrorisms (Belgischstaatsblad van 8 February 2019). Door de Centrale service voor duitsevertaling in Malmedy.Föderaler Public Service Justice15. January2019 - Law on the amendment of the law of August 1, 1985 to determine tax law and different provisions with regard to the help of terrorist victims, king of the Belgians, all present and future, our greeting! The Chamber of deputy accepted the following and - A matter of law. In Article 40bis Paragraph 1 of the Act of August 1, 1985 for the determination of tax law and other provisions, inserted by the law of January 13, 2006, the words ", one of the words", one are " Advance "Insert.Art.2. In Chapter 3 Section 4 of the same law, a new sub -section 1, which includes Article 42Bisum, is inserted with the heading "General Determination". 3rd Article 42Bis of the same law, inserted by the law of April 1, 2007 and amended by the law of May 31, 2016, is changed as follows: 1. The word "action" is replaced by the word "deed" every time and paragraph 1 is added by the following sentence: "It can also recognize acts committed outside the Belgian state area as terrorist acts." 2. A paragraph with the following wording between paragraph 1 and paragraph 2 is inserted: "The king determines the conditions, the recognition can take place." Art. 4. In sub -section 2, inserted by the Law Vom February 3, 2019 to amend the law of August 1, 1985 to determine tax underminders, provisions regarding the powers of the Commission for Financial Aid in favor of victim -priority acts of violence and occasional rescuers in relation to terrorist victims will be Article 42Quinquies with the following wording: "Art. 42Quinquies - § 1 - The financial aid mentioned in Article 31 No. 1 bis4 is granted terrorist victims under the following conditions: 1. The terrorist attack in Belgium has been committed. If the terrorist act has been committed abroad The victim of the main focus of the Belgian nationality or its ordinary place of residence in Belgium have Article 4 of the Law of July 16, 2004 for the introduction of the Code of International Privacy. have been. 2. The application for g Establishment of a financial aid must be submitted within three years of the publication of the royal decree mentioned in Article 42bis (42bis paragraph 1, through which the event in question was recognized as a terrorist act. The reparation of the damage cannot be guaranteed effectively and sufficiently by the perpetrator or the party under civil law, social security regulation or private insurance or in any other way. § 2 - The financial aid mentioned in Article 31 No. 5 is granted if the occasional rescuers meet the following conditions: 1. Belgian citizenship has an intervention in the Belgian state area as a result of a terrorist act or at a terrorist activity carried out abroad or their ordinary place of residence in Belgium commitments within the meaning of Article 4 of the Law of July 16, 2004 for the introduction of the law on the international law and this act must be done by one Royal decree as a terrorist acting, 2. The application for granting financial aid must be recognized within a period of three years from the publication of the royal decree mentioned in Article 42bis (42bis paragraph 1 by the surviving event as a terrorist act, 3. no effective and sufficient reparation of the damage from the civil law, a social security regulation, private insurance or in any other way. "Art. 5August 1985 Refusion of tax law and other provisions with regard to the commission of the Commission Fürefinancial Aid in favor of victims of intentional violent acts and occasional rescuers in reference to terrorist victims, an article 42Septies is inserted with the following wording: "Art. 42Septies- In the case of a terrorist, victims or casual rescuers can claim on the reimbursement of these required travel and residence costs up to a maximum amount of EUR 6,000, either if diets have occurred abroad or if the deeds have occurred in Belgium and the applicant's dort did not live. . "Art. 6. In sub -section 2, inserted by the law of February 3, 2019, change of the law of August 1, 1985 for the determination of tax law and other provisions regarding the powers of the Commission for Financial Aid in favor of victims of intentional acts of violence and occasional rescuers in relation to terrorist victim Article 42QuaterDecies with the following wording: "Art. 42quatering decies - In the event of a terrorist act, the Commission can grant supplementary aids if the damage after granting financial assistance obviously worsens, without prejudice to the application of Article 31, 33 and 42Quinquies. Supplementary aids are granted per intentional act of violence and per applicant for damage over 500 EUR and is limited to the amount applicable on the day of the application for a help, the help granted by the way, the possible urgent help and the possible advance are reduced. The Ersu Chen for granting a supplementary help, if the exclusion is punished, is submitted within a period of ten years from the day of deciding on the granting of financial aid. "Art. 7. In sub -section 2, inserted by the law of February 3, 2019, change of the law of August 1, 1985 to determine tax law and other provisions regarding the authority of the Commission for Financial Aid in favor of victims of intentional acts of violence and occasional rescuers in relation to terrorist Article 42Quindecies with the following wording: "Art. 42Quindecies - The maximum amount mentioned in Article 42terdecies can be increased through the Royal Decree advised in the Council of Ministers." Art. 8. In sub -section2, inserted by the law of February 3, 2019 to amend the law of August 1, 1985, the Federation of tax law and other provisions with regard to the powers of the Commission Fürefinzialelle Aid in favor of victims of willful acts 42Sedecies inserted with the following wording: "Art. 42Sedecies- § 1 - In the event of a terrorist act, the state enters the right to the victim against the perpetrator or the party under civil law. Can request the full or partial repayment of the aid granted if the victim receives damages for his damage after payment has been made. Can the complete or partially back Ahlung the help requests if this has been granted in whole or in part on the basis of incorrect or incomplete explanatory applicants. applicable. § 4 - Undoitional of the subsidiarity principle of financial assistance mentioned in Article 31bis§ 1 No. 5 and § 2 No. 4 and in Article 42quinquies § 1 No. 3 and Section 2 No.3 Aid granted to the rights of the applicant to the insurer, who could intervene as a result of the terrorist act or the act mentioned in Article 42quinquies § 2 in favor of the applicant. 42bis paragraph 1 mentioned terroract or the act mentioned in Article 42Quinquies § 2 could accordingly intervene in his favor, as the royal decree of May 31, 1933 about the grants, compensation and declarations to be made. can be, this can be the help granted in the ver Request for the other disadvantage to the applicant. "Art. 9In Chapter 3 Section 4 of the same law, a sub -section 3 with the heading "Special provision in relation to the financing in Article 3 Paragraph 3 of the Law of 18 July 2017 to create the status of national solidarity, to grant a recovery and to reimburse medical care Sacrifices mentioned as a consequence of terrorist acts "inserted. 10. In sub-section 3, inserted by Article 10, an article 42Septies decies with the following wording is inserted: "Art. 42Septies decies- The costs for the granting of the financial advantages that are given to the assignment of the status of national security to the in Article 3 of the Act From July 18, 2017 to creation the status of national -solidarity, to grant a repensance and to reimburse the medical supply of terrorist acts mentioned, the funds mentioned in Articles 28 and 42Bis sales 5 are taken into account. "Chapter 3 changes in the law of July 18, 2017 Creation of the status of national solidarity, to grant a replying and to reimburse medical care as a result of type of terrorist act. 11. Article 3 of the Legislative Council on July 18, 2017 on the creation of the status of national solidarity, to grant a repositioning and to reimburse medical care as a result of terrorist files is changed as follows: 1. In paragraph 2 The words are "in deviation from paragraph 1 present law "by the words" present law "is replaced. 2. Paragraph 3 is replaced by the following three paragraphs: "The presentation law is applicable to victims and their beneficiaries, who do not have the Belgian state in accordance with paragraph 2 and did not have their ordinary place of residence in Belgium. Finding. The costs for the granting of the financial advantages that are due to the awarding of the status of the national security to the victims mentioned in the present paragraph are based on Article 28 and 42bis paragraph 5 of the law of August 1, 1985 for determining tax and others Provisions mentioned in the funds mentioned. Mus of the state are obtained, whose citizen is the victim or in Demes has its ordinary place of residence when the victim prefers to use it. "Art. 12. In Article 10 Section 3 Paragraph 3 of the same law, the words "can grant the Commission Settings, which it adequately specifies with regard to the recovery of the victim" by the words "can grant the minister responsible for social affairs on statement by the Commission, can grant a refund, which is adequately determined with regard to the recovery of the victim. The ministerial can be transferred to the general administrator of the auxiliary fund for health and disability insurance under his responsibility and control. 13. Article 6 of the present law applies, and if a file was submitted before the present law came into force and was concluded by the commission. Applicants whose files were already completed before the present law came into force must be requested within one year after the present law came into force. Chapter 5 - Final provision. 14. The king is commissioned with coordinating sections 2 and 4 of Chapter 3 of the Act of August 1, 1985 to determine tax law and other provisions in the form of "coordinated laws on the financial aid in favor of sacrificing intentional acts of violence". For this purpose, he can share the sections of the sections and reputation and make new subdivisions in the text. Chapter6 15. With the exception of Article 10 to 13, which has been effective since March 22, 2016. Commission for Financial Aid in favor of victims of intentional violent acts and occasional rescuers in relation to terrorist victims in force. We manufacture the present law and order that it provided with the state seal and published by the Belgian State Gazette in Brussels, January 15, 2019philippevon Königs Because of: Derminister of the JusticekProvided with the state seal: the minister of the justice, k.GeesePublication: 2020-10-05numac: 2020043063federal Public Service Home Affairs 3 February 2019.-Act amending the law of 1 August 1985 containing tax and other provisions what the powers of the Commission for Financial Aid to victims of intentional violence and to the occasional redders Concerns the victims of terrorism. - German translation of the following text is the German translation of the law of 3 February 2019 amending the Act of 1 August 1985 containing tax and other provisions with regard to the powers of the Commission for Financial Aid to victims of intentional acts of violence and to the occasional rescuers regarding the Victims of Terrorism (Belgian Official Gazette of 8 February 2019). This translation was drawn up by a decentralized service for German translation in Malmedy.Föderaler Öffentlicher Dienstjustiz3. February 2019 - Gesetz Zur Abänderung des Gesetzes vom 1. August 1985 Zur Festlegungsteuerrechtlicher und Anderer Bestimmungen Hinsichtlich der Befugnisse der Kommission für Finanziellehilfe Zugunsten Undonfern. Allergetertesnert -in -Intaftatnetnet Databgeordnetkammer Hat Das Folende Angenommen und Wir Sanktionieren es: Kapitel 1 - AllgemeineBestimmung article 1 - Vorliegendes Gesetz arranges Eine in Article 78 of the Verwähnteangelegenheit. Kapitel 2 - Abänderungen des Gesetzes vom 1. August 1985 Zur Festlegung Steuerrechtlicherund Ander Bestimmungenart. 2 - Article 30 des Gesetzes vom 1. August 1985 Zur Festlegsteuerrechtlicher und Anderer Bestimmungen, Zoetzt Abgeändert Durch das Gesetz vom 18. July 2017, Wirdwie folgt Abgeändert: 1. In § 2 those Absätze 6 und 8 Aufgehoben.2. Ein§ 2bis mit folgendem Wortlaut wird eingefügt:" § 2bis - Der Präsident der Kommissionübt seine Funktion vollzeitig aus.Er wird von Rechts wegen durch sein Gericht abgeordnet.Erbezieht ein Gehalt, das dem Gehalt eines Ersten Generalanwalts beim Kassationshof entspricht, sowie diedamit verbundenen Erhöhungen und Vergünstigungen und die in Article 357 § 4 of the Targings Gesetzbucheserwähnte prämie.er Nimmt Seinen Platz in the rankliste Wieder ein, so sein Mandat niederlegt.dempräsen steh's preacher seninerbäsgabangenzabangen's sinufteten Wahr.bei hinderung dieser both magistrate nimmt ein vom präsidenten Bestimmter VizePräsident Oder, in Dessenermangelung, of Dienlteste Vizepräsident Ihre Aufgaben Wahr. "3. Ein § 2Ter mit folgendemwortlaut wird eingefügt: "§ 2Ter - Die in the Bearbeitung der Angelegenheiten in article 42bis erwähnten Opfer von Terrorakten Spezialisten Kammern Bilden Einegnon's Bildeilde Bilde Germany's Kommissioner Kommissioner Kommisseder Gemäß Article 18 § 1 Absatz 1 undt des Gesetzesvom 18. July 2017 Zur Schaffung des Status of the Nationals Solidarität, Zur Gewährung Einer Wiedergutmachungsionund Zur Erstattung der Medizinischen Versorgi -Terrorakten became anthrägge -auxte's Solidägge -aufeufäufäufäufäufäufäufäufäufäufäufäufäufäufäufäufäufäufäufäufäufefäufefefef. Commissioningeerehicht. "4. Ein § 2quater mit folgendem Wortlaut wird eingefügt:" §2quater - Der Kommission steht ein Sekretariat zur Seite, das von einem Sekretär geleitet wird und fernerzusammengesetzt ist aus einem Sekretär-Abteilungsleiter für die Allgemeine Abteilung, einem Sekretär-Abteilungsleiterfür die Terrorismusabteilung und aus mindestens so Beigeordnet sekretären fell who es kammern gibt, minus Zwei; of the set plan of the sekretariaats der Kommission muss aus oh desten persons. Erfordernissen des Dienstes entsprechendkann der Sekretär in Absprache mit dem Sekretär-Abteilungsleiter der Allgemeinen Abteilung und dem Sekretär-Abteilungsleiterder Terrorismusabteilung beschließen, beigeordnete Sekretäre von einer Abteilung in eine andereAbteilung abzuordnen."5. Paragraph 3 Absatz 1 Wird Who fails Ersetzt: "Die Kammernentragen über who in the article 31bis, 37 und 37bis Erwähnten Ersuchen um Finanzielle, Ergänzendeund Außergehnliche Hilfe." Art. 3 - In Article 42bis Desselben Gesetzes, Eingefügt Durchdas Gesetz vom 1 April 2007 und Abgeändert Durch das Gesetz Vom 31. Mai 2016, Zwischen Absatz2 und Absatz 3 Zwei Absätze Mit Folendem Wortenschtügtügttügttügttügtügtchen Kammern Bearbeitet.un damage Anderslautenderbestimmungen Handeln Diese Spezialisten Kammern Gemäß den Bestimmungen von Abschnitt 2 ".Art4 - In Chapter 3 Section 4 of the same law, sub -section 2 is inserted with the following wording: "Special provisions in the context of granting financial aid in favor of terrorist victims" .Art.5 - In sub -section 2, inserted by Article 4, an article 42 is with the following Wordlaut inserted: "Art. 42ter - in deviation from Article 30 § 1, the Commission decides in the event of a terrorist act that is requested to grant an advance, financial aid or a supplementary help." Art.6 - In the same sub -section 2, an article 42quater becomes an article Inserted with the following wording: "Art.42Quater - § 1 - In the event of a terrorist act, the chamber president meets all of the request mentioned in Article 42. Kammerder Commission decides on this calling. By inserting the appeal, the chamber mi becomes t dealt with the right dispute. § 2 - The applicant and the minister of the judiciary can make an appointment with the commission of the commission, which is notified by them, the commission is notified by the commission president's decision. It is signed by the applicant or his lawyer. It can also be stored electronically in accordance with the modalities stipulated by the king. Appeal is noted: 1st day, month and year, 2. Name, first name, profession, place of residence and citizen of the victim, the applicant and, if necessary, the legal representative, 3. Date and list number of the decision, against the appeal. 42Sexies - In the event of a terrorist act, victims or occasional rescuer entitlement can collect on legal fees up to a maximum amount of EUR 12,000 instead of the procedural compensation provided for in Article 32 § 1 No. 6, § 2 No. 5 and § 3 No. 3 advisory royal decree. "Art. 8 -in the same sub -section 2 is inserted an article 42octies with the following wording:" Art.42ocecties - request to grant an advance, financial or additional help in a terrorist act by application, its sample is determined by the king and the commission's imbetic retreat or sent there by registering letter. It is signed by his lawyer by the applicant or by the applicant or. It can also be stored electronically in accordance with the modalities defined by the king. Applications for the allocation of the statutory of the national solidarity and applications for a repositioning pension, mentioned in Article 18 of the Legislative Commerce from July 18, 2017 to create the status of national solidarity, to grant a Reduction pension and to reimburse medical care as a result of terrorist acts, can be noted in the same application consequences. In the application, the following is noted: 1. Day, month and year, 2nd name, first name, profession, place of residence and citizenship of the victim, the applicant and the legal representative. 3rd date, place and precise description of the terrorist act, the explosion or the saving action, 4. circumstances under which the personal injury occurred, 5. Description of the sufferer damage, 6. Other reasons that the applicant has to receive a compensation, 7. Estimation of the various components of the damage, for which a help is added, and total amount of the requested help, 8. If necessary, an application for a replying pension that automatically implies an application for awarding the status of national solidarity, 9. Appreciated application for the award of the status of national solidarity. The application is attached to the justification documents for the various components for which help is requested for help, including the medical certificates and the medical reports. "Art. 9 - In the same sub -section 2, an article 42Novies is inserted with the following wording:" Art. 42Novies - In the case of a terrorist act, Article 34bis paragraph 6 does not apply. "Art10 - In the same sub -section 2, an article 42decies is inserted with the following wording: "Art.42decies - § 1 - the applicant and the minister of the judiciary or his agent are listened to by the Chamber President or the Commission's chambers if they apply for this in writing or if the President or the chambers consider this necessary. You can have your lawyers' owner or represent. As part of the procedure to grant an advance in the applicant, the minister of the judiciary or his representative belongs to the chamber president. "Article 11 - In the same sub -section 2, an article 42undecies is inserted with the following wording:" Art.42undecies - § 1 - The applicant and minister of the judicial Appointment against the decisions of the Chamber President. § 2 - The applicant and the minister of the judiciary can file a complaint against the decision -making complaint against the decisive chambers of the Commission in accordance with Article 14 Section 2 of the Coordinated Laws on the State Council. " 12 - In the same sub -section 2, an Article 42duodecies is inserted with the following wording: "Art. 42duodecies - § 1 - In the event of one terroract, the resolutions of the President and the decisions of the Commission's chambers of the applicant and the lawyer of the applicant and the minister of the judiciary are ordinary post notified within eight days from the announcement. The resolutions and the decisions can also be transmitted electronically in accordance with the modalities defined by the king. the content of Article 42quater and 42undecies § 1 is noted. "Art. 13 - In the same sub -section 2, an article 42terDecies are inserted into the following wording: "Art. 42ter decels - In the event of a terrorist act, Article 36ne is used. Delay in the granting of the aid could cause considerable damage to the applicant. The advance is granted per act of terrorism and per applicant for a damage over 500 EUR and is limited to an amount of EUR 125,000. 3 - Transitional determination 14 - Article 7 of the present law applies, even if a file has already been submitted before the law has been submitted and has been concluded by the Commission. Applicants whose file has already been concluded before the present law came into force must submit an application within the year after the present law came into force. 15 - The existing law comes into force on the day of its publication in the Belgian State Gazette. We manufacture the present law and order that it is provided with the seal of Demstaats and published by the Belgian State Gazette. Minister of the judiciary. GeesePublication: 2020-10-02Numac: 2020043065federal Public Service Home Affairs15 January 2019.-Act amending the law of 1 August 1985 concerning tax and other provisions with regard to the occasional rescuers and the victims of so-called "cold cases". - German translation of the following text is the German translation of the law of 15 January 2019 amending the Act of 1 August 1985 containing tax and other provisions with regard to the occasional rescuers and the victims of so -called "cold cases" (Belgian Official Gazette of 8 February 2019) This translation drawn up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.Föderaleröffentlicher Service Justiz15. January 2019 - Gesetz Zur Abänderung des Gesetzes vom 1, August1985 Zur Festlegung Steuerrechtlicher Bestimmungen Hinsichtlich under opfer opfer in Unaufklärten Fällenpilppe, Allen Gegennome Gegennomes Kapitel1 - Allgemeine Bestimmung article 1 - Vorliegendes Gesetz arranges Eine in Article 74 of the paintsungerwähnte Angelegenheit.kapitel 2 - Abänderungen des Getzes vom 1. August 1985 Zur Festlegtungsteuerrechtlicher und Another Bestimmungenart. 2 - Article 31bis § 2 nr. 3 des Gesetzesvom 1. August 1985 zur Festlegung steuerrechtlicher und anderer Bestimmungen, eingefügt durch das Gesetzvom 27. Dezember 2004, wird durch einen Absatz mit folgendem Wortlaut ergänzt:"Wenn der Antragstellerinfolge der Taten eine Anzeige erstattet, die Eigenschaft als geschädigte Partei erwirbt, als Zivilparteiauftritt, Eine Klage Einreicht Oder Ein Urteil Erwirkt, screams your Nach Fall Dieselbe Frist who in Article31bis § 1 No. 3 Oder 4 Vorgesehen. "Art. 3 - Article 32 Desselben Gesetzes, ERSETZT Durchdas Gesetz vom 26. März 2003 und Abgeändert Durch die Gesetze vom 27. Dezijn 2004 und 31. Mai 2016, Wird who fells abgeändert: 1. Paragraph 1 wird durch eine nr. 9 Mit Folgendem Wortlaut Ergänzt: "The Außergehnhnlichen Schaden, der Sich Aus der Langfristigen Ungewissheit über that identität undDie Motive of the seehungsweise der Täter Ergibt." 2. Paragraph 2 Wird Durch eine Nr. 7 Mit folgendemwortlaut Ergänzt: "7. The Außergehnhnlichen damage, der Sich aus der Langfristigen Ungewissheitüber die identität und that motive of the seekhungsweise der Täter ergibt." 3. Paragraph 3 Wirddurch eine Nr. 4 Mit Folgendem Wortlaut Ergänzt: "4. The Außergehnhnlichen damage, dersich aus of the long -of -fristigen ungewissheit über die identität und die motive of the visionhungsweise der Täterergibt." Art. 4 - In Dasselbe Gesetz Wird ein Article 37ter mit folgendem Wortlaut Eingefügt: "Art.37ter - who in the articlen 33, 36 und 37bis Erwähnten Höchstbeträge Können Durch einen im Ministerratberatenen königlichen." 5 - In Article 39 Desselben Gesetzes, Ersetztdurch das Gesetz vom 26. März 2003, Wird ein § 2bis 1 No. 3 und § 2 No. 4 Defanterts Subsidiaritätsprinzips of the Finanziellenhilfe Tritt of the State Ebenfalls Von Right in Höhe of the Ondrags Hilfe in those Rechtsedes Gegenüber Dem vestzlicher ein of the Intinis of the Inspolge der Vorsätätätätt. 2 Erwähnten tat zugunsten des ancragstellers eingreifen könnte. "Kapitel3 - überangsestimmungenart. 6 - Article 32 § 1 nr. 9, Article 32 § 2 nr. 7und Article 32 § 3 nr. 4 des Gesetzes vom 1. August 1985 Zur Festlegung Steuerrechtlicher Undanderer Bestimmungen, so who durch article 3 des Vorliegenden Gesetzes eingefügt, Find Anwendung Aufschäden, who Auf Eine Vorsätätäte Walttat Eline veal vexzufuvenführen Abschlossen are ist. Anthragsteller, the deed of the trees of the vicing trees of the abbeschlossen, müssen inside -down jahren nach inkrrafttressen of the vorliegenden tetzes einen antrag einreichen.art. 7 - Article39 § 2bis Desselben Gesetzes, so who durch Article 5 des Vorliegenden Eingefügt, Findetanwendung Auf Afften, In Danes Eine Nach Inkrafttrans des Vorliegenden Gewährt Wird.kapitel4 - InkraftTretenart. 8 - Vorliegenders Gesetz Tritt am Tag des Inkrafttressens des Gesetzesvom 3. February 2019 Zur Abänderung des Gesetzes vom 1. August 1985 Zur Festlegung Steuerrechtlicher Undanderer Bestimmungen Hinsichtlich der Befugnis Hilfe -Vürorslle's Fürvanzille Vanzille Vanzille's Fürvanzilles Vanzielle's Fürvanzilles Vanhtje's Vanhtje's Vanhtje's Vanhtsiont. von Opfern inunaufgeklärten Fällen und zur näheren Bestimmung der Untersuchungsbefugnis der Kommission in Kraft.Wirfertigen das vorliegende Gesetz aus und ordnen an, dass es mit dem Staatssiegel versehen und durch dasBelgische Staatsblatt veröffentlicht wird.Gegeben zu BrüsselJanuary 15, 2019philippevon king: the Minister of Justice.Provided with the state seal: Dermin minister of the judiciary, k.GeesePublication: 2020-10-02Numac: 2020043065federal Public Service Home Affairs15 January 2019.-Act amending the law of 1 August 1985 concerning tax and other provisions with regard to the occasional rescuers and the victims of so-called "cold cases". - German translation of the following text is the German translation of the law of 15 January 2019 amending the Act of 1 August 1985 containing tax and other provisions with regard to the occasional rescuers and the victims of so -called "cold cases" (Belgian Official Gazette of 8 February 2019) This translation drawn up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.Föderaleröffentlicher Service Justiz15. January 2019 - Gesetz Zur Abänderung des Gesetzes vom 1, August1985 Zur Festlegung Steuerrechtlicher Bestimmungen Hinsichtlich under opfer opfer in Unaufklärten Fällenpilppe, Allen Gegennome Gegennomes Kapitel1 - Allgemeine Bestimmung article 1 - Vorliegendes Gesetz arranges Eine in Article 74 of the paintsungerwähnte Angelegenheit.kapitel 2 - Abänderungen des Getzes vom 1. August 1985 Zur Festlegtungsteuerrechtlicher und Another Bestimmungenart. 2 - Article 31bis § 2 nr. 3 des Gesetzesvom 1. August 1985 zur Festlegung steuerrechtlicher und anderer Bestimmungen, eingefügt durch das Gesetzvom 27. Dezember 2004, wird durch einen Absatz mit folgendem Wortlaut ergänzt:"Wenn der Antragstellerinfolge der Taten eine Anzeige erstattet, die Eigenschaft als geschädigte Partei erwirbt, als Zivilparteiauftritt, Eine Klage Einreicht Oder Ein Urteil Erwirkt, screams your Nach Fall Dieselbe Frist who in Article31bis § 1 No. 3 Oder 4 Vorgesehen. "Art. 3 - Article 32 Desselben Gesetzes, ERSETZT Durchdas Gesetz vom 26. März 2003 und Abgeändert Durch die Gesetze vom 27. Dezijn 2004 und 31. Mai 2016, Wird who fells abgeändert: 1. Paragraph 1 wird durch eine nr. 9 Mit Folgendem Wortlaut Ergänzt: "The Außergehnhnlichen Schaden, der Sich Aus der Langfristigen Ungewissheit über that identität undDie Motive of the seehungsweise der Täter Ergibt." 2. Paragraph 2 Wird Durch eine Nr. 7 Mit folgendemwortlaut Ergänzt: "7. The Außergehnhnlichen damage, der Sich aus der Langfristigen Ungewissheitüber die identität und that motive of the seekhungsweise der Täter ergibt." 3. Paragraph 3 Wirddurch eine Nr. 4 Mit Folgendem Wortlaut Ergänzt: "4. The Außergehnhnlichen damage, dersich aus of the long -of -fristigen ungewissheit über die identität und die motive of the visionhungsweise der Täterergibt." Art. 4 - In Dasselbe Gesetz Wird ein Article 37ter mit folgendem Wortlaut Eingefügt: "Art.37ter - who in the articlen 33, 36 und 37bis Erwähnten Höchstbeträge Können Durch einen im Ministerratberatenen königlichen." 5 - In Article 39 Desselben Gesetzes, Ersetztdurch das Gesetz vom 26. März 2003, Wird ein § 2bis 1 No. 3 und § 2 No. 4 Defanterts Subsidiaritätsprinzips of the Finanziellenhilfe Tritt of the State Ebenfalls Von Right in Höhe of the Ondrags Hilfe in those Rechtsedes Gegenüber Dem vestzlicher ein of the Intinis of the Inspolge der Vorsätätätätt. 2 Erwähnten tat zugunsten des ancragstellers eingreifen könnte. "Kapitel3 - überangsestimmungenart. 6 - Article 32 § 1 nr. 9, Article 32 § 2 nr. 7und Article 32 § 3 nr. 4 des Gesetzes vom 1. August 1985 Zur Festlegung Steuerrechtlicher Undanderer Bestimmungen, so who durch article 3 des Vorliegenden Gesetzes eingefügt, Find Anwendung Aufschäden, who Auf Eine Vorsätätäte Walttat Eline veal vexzufuvenführen Abschlossen are ist. Anthragsteller, the deed of the trees of the vicing trees of the abbeschlossen, müssen inside -down jahren nach inkrrafttressen of the vorliegenden tetzes einen antrag einreichen.art. 7 - Article39 § 2bis Desselben Gesetzes, so who durch Article 5 des Vorliegenden Eingefügt, Findetanwendung Auf Afften, In Danes Eine Nach Inkrafttrans des Vorliegenden Gewährt Wird.kapitel4 - InkraftTretenart. 8 - Vorliegenders Gesetz Tritt am Tag des Inkrafttressens des Gesetzesvom 3. February 2019 Zur Abänderung des Gesetzes vom 1. August 1985 Zur Festlegung Steuerrechtlicher Undanderer Bestimmungen Hinsichtlich der Befugnis Hilfe -Vürorslle's Fürvanzille Vanzille Vanzille's Fürvanzilles Vanzielle's Fürvanzilles Vanhtje's Vanhtje's Vanhtje's Vanhtsiont. von Opfern inunaufgeklärten Fällen und zur näheren Bestimmung der Untersuchungsbefugnis der Kommission in Kraft.Wirfertigen das vorliegende Gesetz aus und ordnen an, dass es mit dem Staatssiegel versehen und durch dasBelgische Staatsblatt veröffentlicht wird.Gegeben zu BrüsselJanuary 15, 2019philippevon king: the Minister of Justice.Provided with the state seal: Dermin minister of the judiciary, k.GeeseJanuary 2019philippevonkönigs: The Minister of Justice.Provided with the state seal: Dermin minister of the judiciary, k.GeesePublication: 2020-09-23Numac: 2020043107 Flemish government 11 September 2020.-Decision of the Flemish Government to grant support to the sports sector within the framework of the Emergency Fund Sport following the COVID-19-Pandemary Law Decree Decree is based on:-The Decree of 19 June 2020 to take urgent measures with regard to the emergency funds for culture, youth, sports, media and the local authorities, and with regard to the fight against poverty in response to the COVID-19 Pandemie, Articles 5 and 7. form requirements-the Flemish Minister, competent for the budget, gave his agreement on July 15, 2020.-de Sector Council for Sports of the Culture, Youth, Sport and Media Council and Media on 27 July2020.- On August 6, 2020, the Council of State submitted an application for a consultancy in 30 days, with application of Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, of the laws on the Council Vanstate, coordinated on January 12, 1973. The advice was not announced in Binne n that period. That is why Article 84, § 4, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, applied. Motivation decisive decision is based on the following motives:- Many sports factors are confronted with limitations and impact due to the pederal measures that the National Security Council has imposed Limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19. As a result, financial support is necessary. The Flemish Government decided on 2 June 2020 on the amount of the emergency funds to catch the COVID-19 Pandemie. , youth, sports, media and the local authorities, and with regard to the control control following the COVID-19 Pandemie determines in Article 5 The sports actors that may be subdued for subsidies from the Emergency Fund. Legal Retirement concludes in the following regulations: - the law of 16 May 2003 establishing the general provisions that apply to the budgets, the control of the subsidies and for the accounting of seals and the regions, as well as for the organization of the audit by the Court of Audit, Articles11 to Article 14 - the Flemish Codex Public Finances of 29 March 2019, Article 72 to and with 76;- the Decree Flemish Codex Public Finance of 17 May 2019, article L 71 TOTS with 77. InitiativedemerDit Decree is proposed by the Flemish Minister of Education, Sports, Animal Welfare and Flemish Rand. After deliberation, the Flemish Government Decree: Chapter 1. - General Provisions Article 1. In this Decree: 1 ° Minister: The Flemish Minister, competent for sport; 2 ° Sport Vlaanderen: the Agency, founded in the Decree of 7 May 2004 on the internally independent agency with legal personality "Sport Vlaanderen". - Support from the Emergency Fund Sports Districts of Sports Events that have a subsidy The Sport Policy Field have received on the basis of the Subsidy Regulations of Sport Vlaanderen for the organization of a top sporting event, G-sport event or Bovenlokaal Sports event that takes place in 2020arts. 2. The support from the Emergency Fund Sportaan Organizers of Sports Events that received a subsidy from the Sports Policy Field in 2020 Basic for the Subsidy Regulations of Sport Vlaanderen for the organization of a top sporting event, G-sport event or upper room sporting event that will take place in 2020, is aim Partially compensate for the damage as a result of the COVID-19 Pandemie or to provide support with the Restartna de Covid-19 Pandemie. The amount of the additional support from the emergency fund cannot be higher than the assigned project subsidy, stated in the Ministerial Decree on the granting of the project subsidy for the organizational pan the event in question.Art. 3. Organizers of sporting events that have received a subsidy from the Sports Policy Field on the basis of the subsidy regulations of Sport Vlaanderen for the organization of a top sporting event, G-sports event or upper classroom sporting event that was originally planned in the period from 9 March to 31 December 2020, eligible for support from the emergency fund sport. Even if these events are moved or canceled, they are eligible for support from the Emergency Fund Sport. The following costs are eligible for support: 1 ° demonstrable costs linked to the organization of the subsidized sporting event in question in question; 2 ° demonstrable expenses who are coronating related and that are linked to the organization of the subsidized sporting event in question. The costs that are excluded from the organization of the event in question in the ministerial decision to grant the project subsidy are also excluded from subsidization from the Emergency Fund Sport. Art. 4The organizer of a sporting event stated in Article 3, first paragraph, must submit an application file from Sport Vlaanderen in the manner that Sport Flanders determines. In the file, the organizer shows the costs that are eligible for support stated in Article 3, second paragraph, and that are linked to the organization of the event in question. Costs for which a subsidy or support has already been granted by another government agency, are not eligible .Sportvlaanderen assesses the file based on the purpose of the support measures stated in Article 2, and the costs that are eligible, stated in Article 3, second paragraph. The minister knows the support of Sport Vlaanderen has assessed the file. The application files submitted at least 15 October 2020 will be taken no later than 30 November 2020. A decision will be taken on the application files that were submitted by 15 November 2020 by 15 November 2020 at the latest. In deviation from the third paragraph, an application filter can be submitted for a sporting event that takes place between November 1, 2020 and 31 December 2020 until at the latest at 15 -December 2020 . A decision will be made on 31 December 2020 no later than 31 December 2020.Art.5. The organizer keeps all supporting documents available to Sport Vlaanderen. Sport Vlaanderen loves the use of the support. The organizer is obliged until the immediate reimbursement of the support if he does not comply with the conditions, does not use the support in accordance with the purpose or decontrol by Sport Vlaanderen prevents the use of it. From the sport fund to the organizations that receive structural operating subsidies for their basic operation in the SportArt policy field. 6. The support from the Emergency Fund Sport to the organizations that receive structural operating subsidies for their basic operation in the Sports Policy Field, aims to partially compensate for the claims of the COVID-19 Pandemie or to provide support in the Restartna de Covid-19- pandemie.art. 7. The organizations that receive structural operating subsidies for their basic operation in the Sport Policy Field, in 2020 a support amount from the Emergency Fund Sports Driving can: 1 ° The following organizations will each receive 25,000 euros (five -name thousand euros): a) Sportimonium vzw; B) Flemish Cycling School vzw; c) Cycling club Eddy Merckx Friends vzw (Cycling team); D) Younited Belgium vzw; 2 ° The following organizations receive each 50,000 euros (fifty thousand euros): A) The Fitness Organization vzw; B) Healthy Sports Flanders vzw; C) G-Sport Vlaander ; d) ICES vzw; e) risk -rightsport platform Flanders vzw; f) Sportwerk Vlaanderen vzw; g) Student sports Flanders vzw; 3 ° the following organizations as umbrella organization receive 100,000 euros (one hundred thousand euros): a) Flemish Sports Federation vzw; B) Institute for Sports Management vzw.de organizations, stated in the first paragraph, 2 °, the awarded amount of support, in accordance with the purpose stated in Article 6, spent on its own operation or to the supervision of n de Restart in the sports sector of Hundoelgroep. The organizations stated in the first paragraph, 3 °, spend the awarded support amount, in accordance with the purpose stated in Article 6, on its own operation and to the guidance of the Herstart in the sports sector From their members or target group.de support, stated in the primary member, must be used in 2020 or 2021.Art. 8. The organizations that have structural operating subsidy receipts for their basic operation in the Sports Policy Field, stated in Article 7, first paragraph, submit a request file from Sport Vlaanderen in the manner that Sport Vlaanderen determines. In the Application File TOOT, the organization in terms of content and financially how it will use the support for compensation for damage as a result of the COVID-19 Pandemie or for the restart after the COVID-19 Pandemie.sportvlaanderen assesses the file based on the purpose of the Support measures stated in Article 6. The Minister grant the aid, stated in Article 7, first paragraph, after Sport Vlaanderen has assessed the file. A decision has been made to apply for application files that were submitted by 15 October 2020 no later than 30 November 2020. A decision will be taken on the application files that are no later than 15 November 2020 -served by November 15, 2020. 9. The Organizational Answered the use of the support stated in Article 7, first paragraph, together with the accountability of its general operating subsidies 2020 through the operating report and the financial report on the Sport Vlaanderen change. If the support is also used in 2021, the organization is responsible for the organization of the support together with the accountability of its general operating subsidies 2021 through the operating reports The financial report in the manner that Sport Vlaanderen determines .sport Flanders supervises the support of the supportThe organization is obliged until the immediate reimbursement of the supports it does not comply with the conditions, does not use the support in accordance with the purpose or control Versport Vlaanderen prevents the use of it. Chapter 4. - Support from the Sportaan Emergency Fund The subsidized sports federations and organizations for The sporty leisure time. 10.10. The support from the Emergency Fund Sport in the subsidized sports federations and organizations for the sporting freedom activities that receive a general operating subsidy for the 2020 operating year based on the decree of 10 June 2016 on the recognition and subsidization of the organized sports sector, the damage caused the damage due to the damage the COVID-19 Pandemie can be partially compensated or supported in the Restart after the COVID-19 Pandemie in the manner stated in the second paragraph. The support is used by the Sports Federation or the organization for the sporting leisure activities: 1 ° maximum 40 % of the support is used to compensate for the net loss of the sports federation the organization for the sporting leisure activities itself; 2 ° at least 60 % of the support is used for at least one of the following elements: a) Financial support its sports clubs or to it affiliated associations; b) One or more participation promoting or Qualityb Evording projects that are specifically aimed at persons up to the age of eighteen or on a handicap or disability, to restart their sporting activities or sporty leisure activity. The support must be used in 2020 or 2021.Art. 11. The subsidy sports federations and organizations for the sporting leisure activities, stated in Article 10, first member, submit an application file from Sport Vlaanderen in the manner that Sport Vlaanderen determines. In the file, the organization shows substantively and financially how it will use the support stated in Article 10, second paragraph.Sport Vlaanderen, the file assesses based on the purpose of the aid measures stated in Article 10, second paragraph. The minister grants the support after sport Flanders has assessed the file. The support amounts to at least 20 % of the general operating subsidy in2019 that has been awarded to the Sports Federation or the organization for the sporting leisure spent Basis of the Decree of 10 June 2016 containing the recognition and subsidization of the organized sports sector. The bonus for the 2019 operating year to fused Unisportfederations , stated in Article 81 of the Support Decree, is not included. The Flemish Skating Union vzw, which was subsidized for the first time in 2020, receives at least 20% of 140,000 euros (one hundred and fourth thousand euros). The application files that were submitted by 15 October 2020 at the latest, a decision will be made by 30 November 2020. A decision will be made at the latest on November 15, 2020 at the latest, a decision will be made at the latest. 12. The sports federation or the organization for sporting freedom activities justifies the use of the support stated in Article 11, together with the accountability of its operating subsidies 2020 through the operating report and the financial report in the manner that Sport Flanders determines. If the support is also used in 2021, the organization will be responsible for spending the subsidy together with the accountability of its operating subsidies 2021 via the operating report and the financial report in the manner that Sport Vlaanderen determines .Sport Vlaanderen keeps the use of support. The Sports Federation or Organization for the sporting leisure activities obliged to immediately reimburse the support if it does not comply with the conditions, the support does not use in accordance with the purpose or control by Sport Vlaanderen on the use of it. Chapter5. - Final provisions. 13. The residual amount of the support from the Emergency Fund Sport in which for the actors, stated in Chapters 2, 3 and 4, and which cannot be paid, can be distributed under the actors in Chapters 2, 3 and 4.Art. 14. This decision comes into effect on the day of its announcement in the Belgian Official Gazette.art. 15. The Flemish Minister, competent for the sport, is responsible for implementing this decision.brussel, 11 September 2020.Deminister president of the Flemish Government, j. Jambonde Flemish Minister for Education, Sport, Animal Welfare and Flemish Rand, b. Weyts