Publication: 2020-05-27Numac: 2020041439federal Public Service Justice 20 May 2020.-Royal Decree to extend some measures taken by the law of 30 April containing various provisions regarding the judiciary and the notarial profession in the context of the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID -19filip, King of the Belgians, are to all servants and hereinafter referred to our greeting on the law of 30 April 2020 containing diverse provisions on the judiciary and the notarial profession in the context of the fight against the spread of the Covid-19, the Articles 5, second paragraph, 14, second paragraph, and 15, second paragraph; Entertainment the Ministerial Decree of 23 March 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the COVID-19 deCoronavirus; Having regard to the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on 12 May 2020; Having regard to the agreement of the Minister of Budget, given on May 14 ,2020; We have decided on the nomination of the Minister of Justice and on the advice of our Meeting Meminers in Council, and we decide: Article 1. In Articles 5, 14 and 15 of the Law of 30 April 2020 containing various provisions regarding the judiciary and the notarial profession In the tribute of the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19, the words "3 June 2020" are always replaced by the words "July 3, 2020". Art. 2. This decision comes into effect the day where the in the Belgian Official Gazette is announced. Art. 3. The Minister competent for justice is charged with the implementation of this decision. Given in Brussels, May 20, 2020. Filipvankoning: the Minister of Justice, k. GainPublication: 2020-06-03numac: 2020041440brussels-Capital Regional Region14 May 2020.-Decree of the Brussels-Capital Government of 14 May 2020 with special powers no. 2020/022 on the postponement of the unauthorized vacation days by the staff of the regional government services and the services of public utility of the Brussels-Capital Region as a result of the COVID-19 Pandemiegtet on the ordinance of 19 March 2020 to award specialists to the Brussels-Capital Government in the context of the Health Crisisiscovid-19; given the decision of the Brussels -Capital Government of 21 March 2018 on the administrative status and the remuneration scheme of the officials of the regional government services of Brussels; given the decision of the government of the Brussels -Capital Region of 21 -March 2018 containing the administrative status and the remuneration scheme of the officials of the Institutions of the Institutions of the Institutions of the Institutions use of the Brussels-Capital Region; the request for urgent treatment is motivated by the exceptional sanitary crisis as a result of COVID-19 that is currently going through the current and future measures, including the Lockdown, which have been taken to limit the spread of the virus among the population And who delay any form of activity on the territory of the Brussels -Capital Region and have consequences for the proper functioning of the different public services and public utility institutions. In order to guarantee the continuity of public service after the lockdownte, measures must therefore be taken to ensure that the personnel members can automatically transfer their annual leave; given the advice No 67,341/4 of the Council of State, given on 7 May 2020 , in application of Article 84, § 1, 3 ° of the coordinated laws of 12 January 1973 on the Council of State; taking into account the need to guarantee the continuity of public services and the need for urgent action because of the current situation. Indeed, some staff members had already requested vacation days during the period of anti-corona measures and would like to postpone these as a result of the same measures. This results in that when the measures will be lifted, a larger than usual number of employees will want to take annual vacation days at the same time. This situation could ensure that the continuity of the public services is compromised and it would be difficult to manage the functional superiors if these vacation days cannot be postponed to the following year. For this reason, the government has decided to already take action now, in order to enable the Brussels-Capital Region to respond to the COVID-19-Pandemiekan the government take all appropriate measures to seriously Danger, every situation that is a problem to prevent and urgently tackling within the strict framework of the COVID-19 Pandemie and the consequences of it, including the measures with regard to regional public office; for the minister competent for public Office, after deliberation, decision: Article 1. The unused annual vacation days granted for the year 2019 and 2020 to the staff members of the regional government services of Brussels and to the institutions of Public Nut of the Brussels-Capital Region are ex officio postponed as follows:- The postponement days of 2019 must be admitted by December 31, 2021- The deferred vacation days of 2020 must be included by 31 December 2022. To do this, it is deviated from article 188, first paragraph of the decision of the Brussels -Capital Government of 21 March 2018 the administrative status and the remuneration scheme of the officials of the regional government services of Brussels and of Article 181, first paragraph of the decision of the Brussels -Capital Region of 21 March 2018 on the administrative status and the remuneration scheme of the officials of the public utility institutions of the Brussels -Capital Region. 2. The minister of the public office in its powers is charged with the implementation of this decision.brussel, 14 May 2020. For the Brussels-Capital Government, the Prime Minister of Brussels-Capital Government, charged with territorial development and urban renewal, tourism , The promotion of the image of Brussels and bicultural affairs of regional importance, r. Vervoorte Minister of the Brussels -Capital Government, charged with finance, budget, public official, the promotion of multilingualism and the image of Brussels. Gatzde Ministervan The Brussels -Capital Government, charged with mobility, public works and road safety, E.van den burnte Minister of the Brussels -Capital Government, charged with climate transition, environment, energy and participatory democracy, a. Maronde Minister of the Brussels -capital Government, charged with work and vocational training, digitization, the local boards and animal welfare b. ClerfaytVan den Brandtde Minister of the Brussels -Capital Government, charged with climate transition, environment, energy and participatory democracy, a.Maronde Minister of the Brussels -capital Government, charged with work and vocational training, digitization, the local boards and animal welfare b.ClerfaytPublication: 2020-05-28numac: 2020041454brussels-Capital Region 20 May 2020.-Special-female decision of the Brussels-Capital Government No. 2020/021 to extend the payment term of the traffic tax on the car vehicles and the tax on the entry into traffic because of the Covid- 19 caused a health crisis report to the Brussels -capital government's Attention of the members of the government, the extension of the period within which the annual traffic tax and the tax on entry into account must be paid to 124 days, is intended to reduce the liquidity position of taxpayers whose income has been increased or strongly reduced improve. This measure therefore applies to all assessment notes that should be paid in the period in which taxpayers are confronted with reduced or non-existent income as a result of the measures to combat the Corona crisisals also for the assessment notes sent at the time of this crisis. It was pre -opted to limit the scope of the extended payment term to the assessment notification of the assessment notification before 1 October 2020. This date was determined on the basis of the exit strategy established by the Federal Government on 24 April 2020 with regard to the measures to combat the corona virus. This exit strategy states that the final phase of the restarting will take place in Deloop of the month of June 2020. Assuming that this start -up will only take place at the end of June, the last economic activities will only be activated again at the beginning of July. So the persons involved can only resume their activities in July. However, this does not mean that the income flow of companies will already start again in mid -July. After all, it is customary for a payment term of 30 days to be awarded for invoices. In some circumstances for certain sectors, this payment term can even go up to 60 days. The last restarting companies will again be able to count on a resolution of their income flow in mid -September. For the reason for tax transparency, this context is therefore opted for the extension of the payment period of payment until the end of September 2020. From October 2020, the income flow of the companies should have started new so that the extension of the payment term is no longer Meern is necessary. So, partly in the light of the security of the liquidity position of the Brussels -Capital Region, it was opted for to limit this measure to the assessment notes before 1 October 2020. After all, this restriction ensures that most traffic taxes in principle will still be paid in 2020 Information from the Brussels -Capital Government, the Minister of Finance and Budget, s. Gatzraadvan State, Department of Legislation Advice 67,338/4 of 7 May 2020 on a draft decision by the Brussels -capital government no. 2020/021 `to extend the payment term of the traffic tax on car vehicles for the entry into traffic because of the COVID -19 caused health crisis'Op30 April 2020, the Council of State, legislation department, by the Minister of the Brussels -Capital Government, charged with finance, budget, public office, the promotion of multilingualism and the Imagovan Brussels requested within a period of five working days to provide an advice on a draft decision of the Brussels-Capital Government No. 2020/021 `to extend the payment term of the traffic tax on car vehicles and the tax on entry into traffic because of the health crisis'. The fourth room investigated on 7 May 2020. The room was composed of Martine Baguet , Chamber President, Luc Cambier and Bernard Blero, State Councils, and Anne Catherine van Geersdaele, clerk. The report was issued by Marc Oswald, TenEeauditeur. The agreement between the French and the Dutch text of the advice is under the supervision of Martine Baguet. The Advice , of which the text follows, which was given on 7 May 2020. According to Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws `on the Council of State ', coordinated on January 12, 1973, in particular the request for advice The reasons are given to the emergency of its urgent nature. The reasons in the letter reads as follows: "This high-rateness is motivated by the fact that the health crisis caused by COVID-19 ensures serious liquidity problems with the Brussels citizens and legal persons, which means that it is necessary to immediately measure measures to protect these liquidity "Since the advice application has been submitted on the basis of Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws `on the council of State ', coordinated on January 12, 1973, the legislation in accordance with Article84, § 3, of the aforementioned coordinated laws limits Her investigation into the legal basis of the design, the competence of the author of the action and the prior formal requirements to be fulfilled. Watdie is three points, the design gives rise to the following comments. Research of the draft 1. Although Article 3bis, § 1, of the coordinated laws' on the State 'council', which does not explicitly prescribe, it is proposed to make a report to the government simultaneously with this decision in which the scope and the concrete implications of that decision are set. . In the light of the principles of equality of non-discrimination, the stater of the draft must be able to justify the choice of the date of the date of 1 October 2020 objectively and reasonably reasonable in Articles 10, 11 and 172 of the Constitution, and he must justify that justification take over the report to the government that, as recommended above, he would prepare best. the tax on the entry into traffic to extend the health crisis caused by the COVID-19, the Brussels-Capital Government, entitled to the ordinance of 19 March 2020 to grant special powers to the Brussels-Capital Agency in the context of the Health Crisis COVID-19, article 2 In view of the ordinance fans March 6, 2019 on the Bruss Else Codex Fiscal Procedure, Articles 3 and 32; Given the request for emergency treatment, motivated by the fact that the health crisis caused COVID-19 causes serious liquidity problems among the citizens and the legal persons of the Brussels-head of Region, it is necessary to immediately measure measures to protect these liquidity January 12, 1973; Mostly, when applying Article 2, § 3, 5 ° of Ordonnance of 4 October 2018, the Equal Possial Test, the Equal Possial Test should not be drawn up for a regulatory text for which the advice of the Council of State is requested in the event of urgency; Whereas, upon application of Article 2, § 4 of the ordinance of 19 March 2020 to grant special powers to the Brussels head urban government in the context of the COVID-19 health crisis, the advice of the data protection authority and the economic and social council of the Brussels-Capital Region are not required; 19 epidemic; predominantly the measures to limit the freedom of movement of citizens to their home, as well as the temporary surface of a large number of economic and commercial activities, as a result of household companies are confronted with liquidity problems; the traffic tax on car vehicles and the tax on the entry into force is that it will contribute to giving these families and companies some breathing space, without the financial situation of the Brussels -Capital Region at risk; mostly the liquidit problems of families and companies largely arise from the obligation to take up, it is not appropriate to maintain the measure until after the end of the period of the withdrawal duty. Economy will only be restarted gradually, it was decided to record the end of the measure on September 30, 2020. Over -considered that, in view of the economic urgency, the government wishes to make use of the attorney entrusted by the parliament to the citizens and to support the companies of the region in this difficult period; for the minister's proposal charged with finance, after deliberation, decision: Article1. Contrary to Article 32, first paragraph, first sentence, of the ordinance of 6 March 2019, Brussels Codex Fiscal Procedure concerned, the payment term of the amount of the 2020 tax year is extended on the car vehicles to 124 days. The first paragraph of this article is only Applicable for the assessment notes that are sent before 1 October 2020.Art.2Contrary to Article 32, first paragraph, first sentence, of the ordinance of 6 March 2019, Brussels Codex Fiscal Procedure concerned, the payment term of the tax due for the 2020 tax is extended to the input to 124 days. The first paragraph of this article Only applicable for assessment notes that are sent before 1 October 2020.Art.3. This decision has effect from 1 January 2020.Art. 4. The Minister competent pre-finances and budget is charged with the implementation of this decision.brussel, 20 May 2020. For the Brussels-Capital Government, Prime Minister of the Brussels-Capital Government, R.Vervoortminister of the Brussels-Capital Government, charged with mobility, charged Public works and road safety, e. Van den Brandtminister of the Brussels -Capital Allocation, charged with climate transition, Environment, Energy and Participative Democracy, A.Maronminister of the Brussels -Capital Government, charged with finance, budget, public office, the promotion of multilingualism, s. Gatzminister of the Brussels -Capital Regulation, charged with work and vocational training, digitization, local boards and animal welfare, B.ClerfaytPublication: 2020-06-05NUMAC: 2020041510Federal Public Service Financial Declaration of the Attorney des Konings or of the Labor Auditor of civil servants of Deal of Fiscal Administrations in order to assist them in the performance of their duties. - Call Tot candidates1 Regulation forces for Article 3 of the Royal Decree of 21 January2007 establishing the rules in which officials of the General Fiscal Administrations made available to the public prosecutor or the Labor Auditor in order to assist them in the conduct of their duties, Decision are made: -3 Dutch-speaking officials in the office of the Court of Appeal of Brussels;- 4 officials in the office of the Court of Appeal of Antwerp. This call for candidates aims to fill in the 7 vacancy reliefs and possibly a reserve to lay. 2. Who can apply for? The permanent officials of the Federal Public Service Finance who belong to level B or from the A1 class A3 to A3 of a general tax administration and who can demonstrate a consuming experience of at least four years on tax matters. In the last evaluation, the mention "Exceptional" or "meets the expectations". 3. Function description default features the public prosecutor or the labor auditor in the performance of tasks, in the handling of tax files or files with a tax aspect. During the posting, these officials have the capacity as the public police officer. Therefore in the tasks that are normally reserved for the public prosecutor in the context of a tax procedure. As soon as tax elements in a file on the King's attorney Available for him made to analyze the file to analyze him to communicate his comments and suggestions before deciding whether or not there is a reason to conduct an investigation or to turn to the investigating judge.4. Information about the posting available applies for a period of 6 years. Sure can be renewable for periods of a maximum of two years, provided that uniform advice of the attorney general. During the provision, the civil servant is subject to the hierarchical authority of the attorney Deskonings or of the labor auditor. During the posting, the FPS will continue to pay the Financial Wedd to the civil servant. It is a full -time posting. Information about the provision can be found in the Royal Decree of 21 January 2007 establishing the rules in which officials of the General Fiscal Administrations are made available of the attorney of the Konings or of the Labor Auditor to assist them in the performance of their duties.5. Requirements for competencies of competencies for a provision with the public prosecutor or the labor auditor: gene EREE FEALS • have the deployment, the will and ambition to achieve results and take responsibility for the correctness of actions taken. • Actively plan and manage your own growth in function of his/her possibilities, interests and ambitions of their own functioning critically to question and continuously become new insights, skills to acquire knowledge. • In accordance with the expectations of the organization, respect confidentiality, comply with commitments and any form of partiality avoiding • The official made available must be clear and clear and clearly can be intended to express. Technical competencies • Theoretical and practical knowledge of tax matters, in particular PB, VENB or VAT. • Practical knowledge of the typologies in large -scale fraud • Practical knowledge of the interaction between justice, depolition and tax administrations • Knowledge of the structure and structure. Functioning he various services of the FPS Finance and the publications of the administrative locations concerned. Department of the criminal proceedings regarding the fight against tax fraud becomes a capital gain. . Selection procedure officials who wish to apply for these posting services to make use of the attached registration form.de properly completed, dated and signed forms must be submitted electronically to the address po@minfin.fed.be Metal Subject: "Application parquet" within one term of 15 working days following the publication of this call in the Belgian Official Gazette. There will be reported by e-mail from the candidacyThe admissibility of the candidacy is being checked. If the candidacy is not receptive, it will be rejected. The candidate will be informed by e-mail of the rejection. A first selection will be made on the basis of the applications received. The jury, consisting of a representative of the P&O staff service of the FPS Finance, a representative of the College of Procurators General and A representative of a tax administration, assessed useful experience supplied by the candidate. As a useful experience, every activity that can contribute to the successful performance of the position in question and that relates to at least one of the technical skills that are required. Only the useful experience stated on the submitted registration form is taken into account. The candidates are only admitted to the selection if they have the required relevant professional experience. The non -retained candidates are informed by e -mail. If the candidate is absent at one of the selection tests, he is automatically excluded. The technical competencies are evaluated in advance of a multiple choice frame list. The candidates are successful if they achieve at least 60 %. Score of the technical test counts for 50 % in the end result. Only the first 15 -grazed candidates for Brussels and the first 20 successful candidates for Antwerp will be invited for an interview. The first selection based on the candidates and the evaluation of the technical skills are common for all positions. The continuation of the selection, the interview , is organized per location in the buildings of the respective public prosecutors of the public prosecutor or attorney general where the officials will be employed. The interview is compiled for each location; The jury is led by a representative Devan The P&O staff service of the FPS Finance, a representative of the public prosecutor concerned and a representative of a tax administration are added. During the interview, the generic competencies and the motivation are assessed. weighs heavier in the final score. If the motivation is insufficient according to the selection committee, the candidate has not passed the interview. The candidates have passed if they achieve at least 60 %. The score of the oral test counts for 50 % in the end result. On the end of the procedure, an integrated score is drawn up based on the results of the technical test and the interview. Each part counts for 50 % of the final score. After this integration, the laureates arranged on the basis of the points achieved. On the basis of the result of this selection, the candidates are ranked by the management committee of the FPS Finance. The Minister of Finance points out the officials to be made available on the recommendation of the Executive Committee and on entrepreneurial advice from the attorney -general concerned. Provisional information about the content of the position and the labor scheme: - For Brussels: Mrs. Van der Eecken Nathalie, first substitute specialized in tax affairs, tel.: 02/508.71.48 (nathalie.vandereecken@just.fgov.be)- For Antwerp: Mr Steven De Winter, first substitute specialized in tax affairs, tel.: 03/257.91.81 (steven.dewinter@just.fgov.be) The candidate is successful for the selection, but is not arranged in useful order, is recorded on a reserve list that remains valid for a maximum of two years. For questions about the status of the posting, mail to po@minfin.fed.be with the subject: "secondment parquet". Hans d'Hondt, chairman of the executive committee for consulting the table, ziebeelt