Publication: 2020-06-26NUMAC: 2020041903ministerie of national defense16 June 2020.-Royal Decree no. 31 containing special measures for the soldiers in the context of the health crisis due to the Coronavirus COVID-19.- Erratumin The Belgian Staatsblad No. 180 of 23 June 2020, page 46058, in Article 1 of the Dutch -language text, one must replace "July 30, 1938" by "July 30, 1838".Publication: 2020-06-26Numac: 2020041907waalse Government Service16 June 2020.-Decision of the Walloon Government of Special Powers No. 51 on the finishing measures COVID-19 on employment and socioprofessional engagement, social economy including COVID-19 government The present Belgium present the current and coming rules, taken to limit the spread of the virus among the population, are of such a nature that they slow down any form of activity on the territory of the Walloon Region. In addition to the impact on health, this health crisis has Also - and still - an important economic impact in Wallonia, which mainly affects our most vulnerable citizens. That is why it is essential in this context of reducing the lockdown to take measures to resume activities aimed at restoring positive, structural and transversal dynamics in the field of employment and socio-professional engaging. In order to be taken into account with the dimension of equal opportunities and rights of women, which are particularly represented in these sectors. The sectors, regulations and services intended in the draft decision to meet essentialsocial and/or/or offer employment, Especially for vulnerable employee who have been hit hard by the crisis. A series of measures have been taken to catch the shock of the crisis, to keep employees at work, to support initiatives to continue the services to those fellow citizens and to limit the consequences of the health crisis and to limit the consequences of consequences as much as possible. It is now necessary to supervise the resumption or continuation of the activities, which will have to be organized with the strict observance of the National Security Council, whether it concerns the rules of Socialdistance or the health measures recommended by Sciensano in the context of The reduction of delockdown.This design decision of special powers relates to a number of specific measures on employment and sociopophessional engaging, including in the field of desocial economy, to support the resumption of the activities in the context of the gradual reduction of Delockdown . This measure n are intended to take into account the consequences of the crisis and the partial resumption of the activities on the regulation for support of the employment and the regulations thereof, in order to temporarily adjust this to the exceptional situation with which we are dealing with. They are also intended to support neighborhood services and services for socio -professional integration, also in the field of the social economy, which meet the social services of the most vulnerable citizens. Pursuant to Article 1 of the Decree of 17 March2020 to the granting of special powers to the Walloon Government in the context of the Health Crisiscovid-19, the government is authorized to take all appropriate measures for any situation that forms a problem in the strict framework of the pandemic of COVID-19 and its consequences to prevent and tackle that, under penalty of serious danger, the urgency of the measures is justified by the fact that, despite the improvement of the situation, the strict compliance with the health measures must be maintained; that, in order to slow and limit the spread of the virus, it is necessary to immediately increase the recommended measures that appear to be essential from the point of view of public health; that the direct or indirect consequences of the crisis require fast management and a rapid response to regional level; that the crisis bring the sectors for employment and engagement, also in the field of the social economy, in the caught jug; that it is essential to supervise the resumption of the activities with dem measures that are necessary to pursue the objectives of these schemes; that the planned measures are dismantled to guarantee the employment and preservation of the performance -based performance -based; that the planned measures have direct consequences of the beneficiaries, which must be informed; That every delay will cause the realization of the objectives they have pursued. That decision of special powers must therefore be adopted as soon as possible so that the measures contained therein entirely consequently and the deadlines and reduction modalities set by the National Safety Council. The draft decision consists of 6 chapters, 3 of which are subdivided into different departments.- General provisions in Article 1, a general provision is taken over in which it is determined that any allowance referred to in this Decree may not exceed the costs of the beneficiary. - Measures regarding employment department 1 - Support regulation Promotion of employment (A.P.E.) Article 2, first paragraph, apart between 1 Junien 30 September The obligation regarding enforcement and the increase of the global employment volume. The aim of this suspension is to prevent employers from being sanctioned twice in the event of a reduction in the number of employees as a result of the consequences of the health crisis covid-19.deleds 2 and 3, respectively for the employers of the sector of the local boards and In Deniet-commercial sector, the modalities for the verification of compliance with the total volume set adjust to the suspension referred to in paragraph 1. Pursuant to the fourth paragraph, employers (local boards) who, despite the suspension have not been able to meet their global employment volume interests due to the consequences of the health crisis in the medium term, can request a ministerial deviation. Such a possibility already exists for employers in deniet-commercial sector. Article 3 Shares the periods that are imposed on employers to hire a non-working job seeker after the allocation of a new decision to grant the APE support or in the event of Replacement of an employee who has left the company. This provision intended to prevent the employer from losing the benefit of his decision when he forced to postpone the initially planned recruitment because of the emergence of the health crisiscovid-13. This suspension comes into force on 1 May 2020 to prevent employers from which the decision In May, the benefit of the suspension will be excluded. Items it makes it possible to temporarily deviate from Article 12 of the APE decision and with due observance of labor law, from respecting the functions in the context of the A.P.E.- Supports are granted to take into account the consequences of the health crisis for the organization of the work. Department2. -Sesam support article 5 deviates from taking inactive Sesame decisions (i.e., decisions that the employer has not made use of, despite the award, and that Hijdus has lost) in the context of the analysis of a new support request by The employer isingediend. The Articles 6 and 7, such as Articles 3 and 4 for the APE, suspend for the same periods and for the same reasons the obligations regarding the global employment volume and the recruitment times. Department 3. - Support for the purpose of the target group article 8 sets job seekers who are active in the dartistic sector equal to long-term job seekers, so that they can enjoy the "Impulsion support". The aim is to facilitate access to the scheme for a category employee who have been affected in particular by the crisis and which are difficult to meet the conditions for access due to the characteristics of their performance. of the recruitment of performance indicated under the R.S.Z.O. code 046 may be eligible for the equalization. The equalization lasts until 30 June 2021, since the reorganization of the artistic sector will have to be extended over time, the restrictions for the artistic sector do not yet have a clear timetable. Events with large numbers of people are still prohibited and will probably be affected by the health crisis for a long time, which will serve artists and in particular young people who are severely disadvantaged now or in the coming months. In Article 9, temporary unemployment is taken over and only of the reasons of the suspension of the granting of support. This makes it possible to suspend the duration where the employee/jobseeker can enjoy the "impulsion support. The purpose of this measure is to prevent the maximum grant duration of the maximum granting with periods of temporary unemployment when the employee does not activate receives. The effect of the measure is related to the enforcement by the federal government of the temporary unemployment possibilities Covid-19, which has already been extended until 31 August 2020. The measure applies to the latest on 31 December to a possible extension of the temporary unemployment measures by the federal government cover. Chapter III. - Measures regarding the neighborhood services department 1-Place-up employment agencies (ALE) Article 10 differs from the rule according to which PWAs must spend 25% of their income on the training of PWA employees and unemployed people who have been registered with the agency. For the year 2020, 50% of the amount designated for the formation may be used to cover the health expenses that the PWAs have borne after the crisis COVID-19. This provision comes into effect on January 1, 2020 as the expenditure in connection with the Sanitary material before 1 comes June 2020 may have been done and may have already been done in March, even earlier if prevention measures had already been taken; Article 11 stipulates that unused training funds, which are therefore reclaimed, will be allocated to the local agencies that have additional training costs in the course of the year 2020 have been made. These amounts will be redistributed on the same basis in 2021, in proportion to the additional expenses and, depending on the number of requests submitted by the PWAs, in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 12. Section 2. - Service check -in -article 12 stipulates that service check companies receive an allowance for employees they have held in despite the inability to perform their performance in the context of the service check. The aim is to compensate the costs of maintaining employment when the companies are not to enjoy the income related to their activities. Item13 determines the way in which the amount of the allowance is calculated, taking into account the employment contracts of the employees, the Number of service checks issued during the course of the month and the planned amount of the regional contribution on an hourly basis, on a degressive basis, for the months of June, July and August2020. This measure is intended to protect employees and to facilitate the organization of the work within the company with a view to the partial and gradual resumption of destination. Article 14 stipulates the procedure that must be followed to be intended for this contribution. Article 15 determines what is intended with service check employees, referring to the applicable regulations. Chapter IV. - Measures relating to regional shipments for employment mediation (MIRE) Article 16 provides for the grant of an allowance in favor of the MIRE (regional shipments for employment) to cover, on the one hand, the health, medical and paramedical costs and the costs for the maintenance of The health crisis resulting and on the other hand, the purchase of computer equipment to make the performance down. , Even earlier if preventive measures had already been taken. In Article 17, the procedure for the allocation of this allowance is determined. Article 18 Relocates one of the conditions with regard to the determination of the amount of the allowance in favor of the Mire, which depends of the number of job seekers engaged by De Mire And that came to the labor market. It can be deduced from Article 19 that this condition has been met after 3 months of performance on the basis of an employment contract instead of 6 months. This article comes into effect on January 1, 2020, since the COVID-19 crisis has had an impact on the chances of engaging in of work seekers as soon as it has occurred on Belgian territory and therefore before 1 June 2020.kapreukv. - Social Economy Department 1. - Measures regarding the engagement companies the objective of Article 19 is to take into account the consequences of any enforcement or suspension of the employment contracts of vulnerable employees and extremely vulnerable employees in engagement companies. can enjoy a certain period. Article 20 makes it possible to extend this period and not to take the calculation of this intensity into account the months of June to September 2020. In article 20, the rules for the proof of the allocation of the allowance to the extension of Dein Article 20 are period adapted. Department 6 - Initiatives for the development of the employment in the Sector of Neighborhood Services with a social purpose (I.D.E.S.S) Article21 Allows Idess to expand their activities with regard to the social transport of persons that of goods when this transport of goods intended is to do the shopping or transport of the laundry of the beneficiaries of the services of the IdessThis is intended to help the beneficiaries of the idess and to prevent them from carrying out non-essential trips. This extension is valid between 1 June and 31 December 2020. article 22 is aimed at the allowance of the Idess for the months of June to August 2020, since the amount of these allowances will be influenced by the crisis while the costs incurred are the same Remained. The calculation is made on an annual basis, it will have an effect on the entire year 2020.kondstukvi. - Final provisions article 23 provides for the entry into force of the Decree on 1 June 2020, with the exception of Articles 3 and 7, which entered into force on January 1, 2020, and Articles 10.16, 18 and 22, which on January 1, 2020 in effect. The aim of the retroactive strength to ensure coherence between the entry into force of the decision and the temporality of the consequences of his articles. This retroactive effect makes it possible to respond to the needs in connection with the reduction of the lockdown and arising From the COVID-19 crisis and the different moments on which the consequences were felt. Retroactive power is essential to ensure that the objectives of the decision are achieved. Moreover, this retroactive force does detract from the rights of third parties and, on the contrary, it is favorable for them. Article 24 Minister of Employment charged with the implementation of this Decree. Advice of the Council of State No. 67.537/4 of 11 June 2020 Department Legislative on 4 June 2020, the Council of State, Division, was by the Vice-Minister President and Minister of Employment , Formation, health, social action, equal opportunities and women's rights of the Walloon Region requested that within a period of five working days to issue advice on a draft decision by the Walloon government 'of special powers no. With regard to employment and socioprofessional integration, social economy included. The design was examined by the fourth Chamber 11 June 2020. The Chamber was composed of Martine Baguet, chairwoman of the Chamber, Luc Cambieren Bernard Blero, state councils, and Anne-Catherine van Geersdaele, Griffier . Report was made by Véronique Schmitz, auditor. The advice with the text below was issued on 11 June2020. According to Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws `on the Council of State ', coordinated on January 12, 1973, the request for advice in particular must be given the motives that justify the urgent character. As follows: "Dedringing necessity is reasoned as follows: Whereas the direct and unumenical consequences of the crisis require a management and a rapid response to regional level; predominantly the lockdown period has endangered the sectors and regulations for employment, Socioprofessional social economy in danger , as well as the objectives with these regulations, in view of the consequences in the medium term of the crisis COVID-19 and the effect of the safety measures that still apply to the aforementioned regulations; predominantly the resumption of the activities in the context of the Disruption of the lockdown therefore accompanied by the necessary measure to pursue the objectives of the aforementioned regulation; mostly the measures foreseen are indispensable to guarantee the employment and enforcement of social performance arising from these regulations; given the urgency of the implementation of these measures to achieve the intended goal and goal whereas any delay in the adoption of these measures hinder the resumption of the activities in the context of the reduction of the Lockdownkan ". This was submitted on the basis of Article 84, § 1, paragraph1, 3 °, of the laws` op The Council of State ', coordinated on January 12, 1973, limits the legislative hair investigation into the legal basis of the draft, to the jurisdiction of the author of the deed and to complete the prior form requirements, in accordance with Article 84, § 3, of the aforementioned coordinated person laws. On these three points, the design gives rise to following comments. Provisional brandi NGEN1. It follows from Article 5 of the Decree of 17 March 2020 'for the award of Special Fines to the Walloon Government in the context of the Health Crisis COVID-19' that "the authorization is given to the government for three months is valid for three months the entry into force "(first paragraph) and that" the period is determined in paragraph 1 is a single time, for an equivalent per duration "(second paragraph). Contrary to the Decree of the Decree, the entry into force took place on 13 March 2020In view of the date on which the advice of the legislation is issued, the stater of the text must be made remarkable that it can only be assumed if the government still has the special powers. The designed text does not have a right basis (1) .2. In accordance with Article 3, § 2, of the Decree of 17 March 2020, the draft decision to the Bureau of Parliament are communicated before its publication in the Belgian Official Gazette. provisions 31 December 2020 (Articles 10.11 and 22), 30 June 2021 (Article 9) or 1 July 2021 (Article 12). Accounting with the explanation of the draft decision and in the Walloon Government Memorandum this regulation may be deemed to be in principle to participate in the measures that the government may take on the basis of Article 1, §1, of the Decree of 17 March 2020, namely all useful measures to prevent and treat any situation that causes problems in the strict framework of the COVID-19 Pandemie and its consequences and who urgently need to be treated on pain of serious danger. " December 1, 2020, and A Fortiori who are not too far away from 30 June 2021 or 1 July 2021 to be considered objective and reasonably justified in the light of the limitations-that of the "strict framework of the COVID-19 Pandemie and The consequences "- to which Article 1, § 1, of the Decree of 17 March 2020 grants the implementation of the special powers that it grants it to the government. Indeed, it is not currently not possible to determine with certainty at what time the application of the measures to limit the distribution of COVID19, including the end of the finishing measures, will be terminated, but an earlier datezou can still be considered in light of the proposed objective. The draft decision on this point can be justified. If not, it will be revised (2). Special remarks. In the preamble of a decision, the first provisions to be referred to are the provisions that extend the draft to legal basis. The decree of 17 March2020 must therefore form the first paragraph of the preamble.2. The first paragraph will be omitted that it refers to Article 39 of the Constitution. SCHIPING SPECIAL ARTICLE 1 STUT DRIVATE SECTION ALSO A BEMADED BY THE WALLE Region in regional matters must contain the mention referred to in Article 1. This provision - which also wrongly refers to "this decree" - must therefore be omitted. Article 5 The question of Article5 the Minister's delegate indicated the following: "Article 5 of the draft decision that provides for the possibility of deviating of the functions that were awarded in deviation from Article 12 of the Hetape Decree of 19 December 2002: that Article 12 stipulates that the employer may request a change in his decision of the award of the APE support. In the decisions to grant the Ape- support is indicated which functions are granted to the employer and which he must live. The purpose of Article 5 of the draft decision is to enable the employer to temporarily change the positions performed by his employee. Under normal circumstances, the change of the functions the subject of a request, in accordance with Article 12, insofar as they have influence on the award decision. It therefore seems to us That the possibility of temporary changes without requesting the functions is a deviation from Article 12 of the APE decision of 19-December 2002 ". article 5 has been formulated in the sense that it must apply" without prejudice to the rules that apply to the employment law ". It follows that" Article 5 makes it possible to temporarily and with due observance of labor law, to deviate from the respect of defunctions granted in the context of the A.P.E. support to take into account the consequences of the health crisis for the organization of the work and to encourage employees to continue working ". Ten Slotte extends that from 1 June 2020, a measure that has been an identical to the measure that has been provided for in Article 34 of the Decree of the Walloon Government of Special Powers No. 11 of 31 March 2020 'concerning various provisions on employment, education and soci -professional engaging, social economy included 'Consequently, it may be assumed that Article 5 of the draft is to deviate from Article 12 of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 19 December 2002 to implement the Decree of 25 April 2002 relevant allowances to promote the employment of non-working jobseekers by The local, regional and community governments, by certain employers in the non-commercial sector, the teaching of other legal provisions' report to the government will be supplemented with these precisions. Articles of first paragraph will be displayed as a deviation from Article 10 of the Decree of 2 February 2017 'concerning the support for employment for the target groups'. It will be due to additional reason to suspend the award of the support in addition to the support provided for in this provision, and not for a deviation. Item 10 will be accordingly revised. applications, the financing equally distributed on the agencies that account for their expenses within the period referred to in paragraph 3. "The way of distribution is unclear, because it is not specified whether the" equal "distribution of financing is in proportion to the amount of the expenditure and expenditure and /whether to use the number of agencies that of the mechanism. Article 12 will be clarified on this point. L'Article 1er, Alinéa 1er, 9 °, De L'rijkté Royal du 12 Décembre 2001 Conernant Les Titres Services "to be replaced by the words" Au Sens de l'Article 7bis de la Loi Du 20 Juillet 2001 ". article 19 article 19 would benefit from being supplemented to establish that it deviates from Article 1, first paragraph, 2 °, of the decision of 27 May 2009 'to implement the decree of 11 March 2004 and the reconciliation and the subsidization of the regional shipments for employment '"that defines" sustainable and high -quality relationship "that is deviated from. Aide ", the words", visée à l'Article 19 du décret du 20 Octobre 2016 relatif à l'Agrément des initiatives d'économiesocial et à l'Agrément et au subvention of the entertprises d'intion "to be scrapped because an overlap forms With the beginning of the article that aims to deviate from Article 20 of the same decree and that forms the provision in which the conditions for the intensity of the supporting are laid down.2. The second paragraph has been drawn up in such a way that when calculating the intensity, the months "from March to August 2020". The discussion of article 20 must be revised in the sense that the months "June to September 2020" are given as a period. Article 22 The discussion of Article 22 it follows that the social transport between 1 June 2020 and 31 December 2020 the transport of goods for the benefit of the beneficiaries referred to in Article 1, first paragraph, 4 °, of the Decree of 14 December 2006 "on recognition and Disagnation of the "Initiatives de Dévelpoint de l'Emploi dance le Secteur des Services de Proximitéà Finalité Social" (Initiatives for the development of employment in the Sector of the Buurtsdiensten with a social purpose), abbreviated: "I.D.E.S.S.", and more certain do it can include the transport of the laundry of the groceries. To bring this expansion of the concept of "social transport" into line with the right REGRATION OF THE DESIGN Text and to prevent Het Nakt as the transport of other types of goods, Article 22 will be supplemented with the determination of the type of transport of goods that is considered. Article 23 In contrast to the habiting part that the months "from March to August 2020 "Excludes, the discussion of Article 23 indicates that the aim is to release the idess subsidies" for the months of June to July ". This contradiction must be eliminated. Article 24 article 24 provides an entry into force on the day on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. However, it is recovery provisions, in the sense that they enter into force on January 1, 2020 (Articles 11 and 17 to 19), March 1, 2020 (Articles 20 and 21), 1 May 2020 (Articles 4 and 8) or 1 June 2020 (Articles 3, 5, 7, 9, 10, 13 to 16 and 22). Since the legislative department in its advice No 67.142 /AG of 25 March 2020 (3) has noticed, "the retroactive effect may be single -person if it is indispensable for the achievement of an objective of general interest (4)Moreover, if it appears that the retroactive effect has the effect of affecting the end of judicial procedures in a specific sense or that judicial lectures are prevented from contradicting a question of law, the nature of the principle that exceptional conditions provides accounting for the the legislator, which is infringed to the detriment of a category of citizens of the jurisdictional guarantees that are offered to all (5). "The report to the government must contain the appropriate justifications regarding the retroactive effect of the decorated provisions. In this context, the be useful to state the similar measures that were taken, in particular in the context of the decision of the Walloon Government of 31 March 2020 of special powers no. 11 'concerning various provisions regarding employment, education and sociopophessional engagement, social economy including', for the peri ode from 1 March2020 to 31 May 2020 (6), and they will be repeated in the designed text from 1 June 2020.Degiier, Anne-Catherine of Geersdaelede Chairwoman, Martine Baguet ________e Notes1s unless the government has ordinary powers for All provisions of the draft and all prior formalities has fulfilled.2 See, in the same sense, advisory number. 67,526/4, given on 9 June 2020 on a draft decision from the Walloon government of special powers'r. Xx organizing the public participation of the public instead of the prior information meeting for certain projects referred to in Book I of the Environmental Tetbook'.3 Advice no.67.142/AG given on 25 March 2020 on the proposal that the law of 27 March 2020 is Become 'that authorization to the king to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronaviruscovid-19' (I and II) ', http://www.raadvst-consetat.be/dbx/avis/67142.pdf. 4 Footnote No. 22van Before Advice: settled case law of the Constitutional Court, see in particular: G.H., 21 November2013, no. 158/2013, B.24.2; G.H., December 19, 2013, no. 172/2013, B.22; G.H., January 29, 2014, no.18/2014, B.10; G.H., 9 October 2014, no. 146/2014, B.10.1; G.H., January 22, 2015, no. 1/2015, B.4; G.H., 7 May 2015, no. 54/2015, B.12; G.H., January 14, 2016, no. 3/2016, B.22; G.H., 3 February 2016, nr. 16/2016, B.12.1; G.H., 28 April 2016, no. 58/2016, B.9.2; G.H., 9 February 2017, no. 15/2017, B.9.2.5voetnot no. 23 of the above advice: settled case law of the Constitutional Court. See for example: G.H., November 21, 2013, no. 158/2013, B.24.2; G.H., 9 October 2014, no. 146/2014, B.10.1; G.H., 28 May 2015, nr. 77/2015, B.4.1; G.H., 24 March 2016, no. 48/2016, B.6; G.H., 6 October 2016, no. 126/2016, b.7.3.6zie Articles 33, 34, 36, 19, §§ 1, 2 and 5, which must be associated with Articles 3, 5, 7, respectively, respectively 10, 20, 21 and 23 of the draft.16 June 2020. -Decree of the Walloon Government of Special Powers No. 51 on the finishing measures COVID -19 Intaken Employment and Sociopfessional engagement, social economy including Walloon Seal, given the Decree of 17 March 2020 Awarding special powers to Dewaalse Government in the context of the Health Crisis COVID-19, Article 1, § 1; in view of the decree of 25 April 2002 on the allowances for promoting the employment of non-working job seekers by the local, regional and Community governments, by certain employers in the non-commercial sector, education; Having regard to the decision of 14 December2006 on recognition and subsidization of the "Initiatives de Dévelpification de l'Emploi Dansle Secte UR des Services de Proximité à Finalité Sociale "(Initiatives for the development of employment in the Sector of Buurtdiensten with a social purpose), abbreviated" i.d.e.s.s"; In view of the decree of 20 October 2016 on the recognition of the initiatives of social economies, the recognition and subsidization of the engagement companies; in view of the decree of 2februari 2017 on the support of employment for the target groups; having regard to the decree of 14 February 2019 on the subsidies to promote the employment of not working jobseekers at some companies; in view of the Royal Decree of 25-November 1991 containing the unemployment regulations; in view of the decision of the Walloon government of 19 December 2002 implementing the decree of 25 April 2002 concerning the allowance for allowance for the employment of non-working job seekers by the local, regional communities, by certain employers in the non-commercial sector, education and of other legal provisions; in view of the decision of 24 May 2017 implementing the Decree of 20 October 2016 the recognition of the initiatives of the social economy and the recognition and subsidization of the engagement companies; in view of the decision of 24 May 2017 for the implementation of the Decree of 20 October 2016 on the recognition of the initiatives of social economies the recognition and subsidization of the engaging companies; Having regard to the advice of the Inspector of Finance, given on 3 June 2020; Having regard to the approval of the minister of budget, given on 4 June 2020; in view of the report of 3 June 2020, drawn up in accordance with article 3, 2 °, of the Decree of 11 April 2014 execution of the resolutions of the women's conference of the United Nations that took place in Beijing in September 1995 and to integrate the gender dimension in all of the regional policies; having regard to advice no. 67Publication: 2020-06-26Numac: 2020041907waalse Government Service16 June 2020.-Decision of the Walloon Government of Special Powers No. 51 on the finishing measures COVID-19 on employment and socioprofessional engagement, social economy including COVID-19 government The present Belgium present the current and coming rules, taken to limit the spread of the virus among the population, are of such a nature that they slow down any form of activity on the territory of the Walloon Region. In addition to the impact on health, this health crisis has Also - and still - an important economic impact in Wallonia, which mainly affects our most vulnerable citizens. That is why it is essential in this context of reducing the lockdown to take measures to resume activities aimed at restoring positive, structural and transversal dynamics in the field of employment and socio-professional engaging. In order to be taken into account with the dimension of equal opportunities and rights of women, which are particularly represented in these sectors. The sectors, regulations and services intended in the draft decision to meet essentialsocial and/or/or offer employment, Especially for vulnerable employee who have been hit hard by the crisis. A series of measures have been taken to catch the shock of the crisis, to keep employees at work, to support initiatives to continue the services to those fellow citizens and to limit the consequences of the health crisis and to limit the consequences of consequences as much as possible. It is now necessary to supervise the resumption or continuation of the activities, which will have to be organized with the strict observance of the National Security Council, whether it concerns the rules of Socialdistance or the health measures recommended by Sciensano in the context of The reduction of delockdown.This design decision of special powers relates to a number of specific measures on employment and sociopophessional engaging, including in the field of desocial economy, to support the resumption of the activities in the context of the gradual reduction of Delockdown . This measure n are intended to take into account the consequences of the crisis and the partial resumption of the activities on the regulation for support of the employment and the regulations thereof, in order to temporarily adjust this to the exceptional situation with which we are dealing with. They are also intended to support neighborhood services and services for socio -professional integration, also in the field of the social economy, which meet the social services of the most vulnerable citizens. Pursuant to Article 1 of the Decree of 17 March2020 to the granting of special powers to the Walloon Government in the context of the Health Crisiscovid-19, the government is authorized to take all appropriate measures for any situation that forms a problem in the strict framework of the pandemic of COVID-19 and its consequences to prevent and tackle that, under penalty of serious danger, the urgency of the measures is justified by the fact that, despite the improvement of the situation, the strict compliance with the health measures must be maintained; that, in order to slow and limit the spread of the virus, it is necessary to immediately increase the recommended measures that appear to be essential from the point of view of public health; that the direct or indirect consequences of the crisis require fast management and a rapid response to regional level; that the crisis bring the sectors for employment and engagement, also in the field of the social economy, in the caught jug; that it is essential to supervise the resumption of the activities with dem measures that are necessary to pursue the objectives of these schemes; that the planned measures are dismantled to guarantee the employment and preservation of the performance -based performance -based; that the planned measures have direct consequences of the beneficiaries, who must be informedPublication: 2020-06-26Numac: 2020041907waalse Government Service16 June 2020.-Decision of the Walloon Government of Special Powers No. 51 on the finishing measures COVID-19 on employment and socioprofessional engagement, social economy including COVID-19 government The present Belgium present the current and coming rules, taken to limit the spread of the virus among the population, are of such a nature that they slow down any form of activity on the territory of the Walloon Region. In addition to the impact on health, this health crisis has Also - and still - an important economic impact in Wallonia, which mainly affects our most vulnerable citizens. That is why it is essential in this context of reducing the lockdown to take measures to resume activities aimed at restoring positive, structural and transversal dynamics in the field of employment and socio-professional engaging. In order to be taken into account with the dimension of equal opportunities and rights of women, which are particularly represented in these sectors. The sectors, regulations and services intended in the draft decision to meet essentialsocial and/or/or offer employment, Especially for vulnerable employee who have been hit hard by the crisis. A series of measures have been taken to catch the shock of the crisis, to keep employees at work, to support initiatives to continue the services to those fellow citizens and to limit the consequences of the health crisis and to limit the consequences of consequences as much as possible. It is now necessary to supervise the resumption or continuation of the activities, which will have to be organized with the strict observance of the National Security Council, whether it concerns the rules of Socialdistance or the health measures recommended by Sciensano in the context of The reduction of delockdown.This design decision of special powers relates to a number of specific measures on employment and sociopophessional engaging, including in the field of desocial economy, to support the resumption of the activities in the context of the gradual reduction of Delockdown . This measure n are intended to take into account the consequences of the crisis and the partial resumption of the activities on the regulation for support of the employment and the regulations thereof, in order to temporarily adjust this to the exceptional situation with which we are dealing with. They are also intended to support neighborhood services and services for socio -professional integration, also in the field of the social economy, which meet the social services of the most vulnerable citizens. Pursuant to Article 1 of the Decree of 17 March2020 to the granting of special powers to the Walloon Government in the context of the Health Crisiscovid-19, the government is authorized to take all appropriate measures for any situation that forms a problem in the strict framework of the pandemic of COVID-19 and its consequences to prevent and tackle that, under penalty of serious danger, the urgency of the measures is justified by the fact that, despite the improvement of the situation, the strict compliance with the health measures must be maintained; that, in order to slow and limit the spread of the virus, it is necessary to immediately increase the recommended measures that appear to be essential from the point of view of public health; that the direct or indirect consequences of the crisis require fast management and a rapid response to regional level; that the crisis bring the sectors for employment and engagement, also in the field of the social economy, in the caught jug; that it is essential to supervise the resumption of the activities with dem measures that are necessary to pursue the objectives of these schemes; that the planned measures are dismantled to guarantee the employment and preservation of the performance -based performance -based; that the planned measures have direct consequences of the beneficiaries, which must be informed; That every delay will cause the realization of the objectives they have pursued. That decision of special powers must therefore be adopted as soon as possible so that the measures contained therein entirely consequently and the deadlines and reduction modalities set by the National Safety Council. The draft decision consists of 6 chapters3 of which are subdivided into different departments. - General provisions in Article 1, a general provision is taken over in which it is determined that any allowance referred to in this Decree may not exceed the costs of the beneficiary. - Measures regarding employment department 1 - Support regulation Promotion of employment (A.P.E.) Article 2, first paragraph, apart between 1 Junien 30 September The obligation regarding enforcement and the increase of the global employment volume. The aim of this suspension is to prevent employers from being sanctioned twice in the event of a reduction in the number of employees as a result of the consequences of the health crisis covid-19.deleds 2 and 3, respectively for the employers of the sector of the local boards and In Deniet-commercial sector, the modalities for the verification of compliance with the total volume set adjust to the suspension referred to in paragraph 1. Pursuant to the fourth paragraph, employers (local boards) who, despite the suspension have not been able to meet their global employment volume interests due to the consequences of the health crisis in the medium term, can request a ministerial deviation. Such a possibility already exists for employers in deniet-commercial sector. Article 3 Shares the periods that are imposed on employers to hire a non-working job seeker after the allocation of a new decision to grant the APE support or in the event of Replacement of an employee who has left the company. This provision intended to prevent the employer from losing the benefit of his decision when he forced to postpone the initially planned recruitment because of the emergence of the health crisiscovid-13. This suspension comes into force on 1 May 2020 to prevent employers from which the decision In May, the benefit of the suspension will be excluded. Items it makes it possible to temporarily deviate from Article 12 of the APE decision and with due observance of labor law, from respecting the functions in the context of the A.P.E.- Supports are granted to take into account the consequences of the health crisis for the organization of the work. Department2. -Sesam support article 5 deviates from taking inactive Sesame decisions (i.e., decisions that the employer has not made use of, despite the award, and that Hijdus has lost) in the context of the analysis of a new support request by The employer isingediend. The Articles 6 and 7, such as Articles 3 and 4 for the APE, suspend for the same periods and for the same reasons the obligations regarding the global employment volume and the recruitment times. Department 3. - Support for the purpose of the target group article 8 sets job seekers who are active in the dartistic sector equal to long-term job seekers, so that they can enjoy the "Impulsion support". The aim is to facilitate access to the scheme for a category employee who have been affected in particular by the crisis and which are difficult to meet the conditions for access due to the characteristics of their performance. of the recruitment of performance indicated under the R.S.Z.O. code 046 may be eligible for the equalization. The equalization lasts until 30 June 2021, since the reorganization of the artistic sector will have to be extended over time, the restrictions for the artistic sector do not yet have a clear timetable. Events with large numbers of people are still prohibited and will probably be affected by the health crisis for a long time, which will serve artists and in particular young people who are severely disadvantaged now or in the coming months. In Article 9, temporary unemployment is taken over and only of the reasons of the suspension of the granting of support. This makes it possible to suspend the duration where the employee/jobseeker can enjoy the "impulsion support. The purpose of this measure is to prevent the maximum grant duration of the maximum granting with periods of temporary unemployment when the employee does not activate receives. The effect of the measure is related to the enforcement by the federal government of the temporary unemployment possibilities Covid-19that have already been extended until 31 August 2020. The measure applies until 31 December to a possible extension of the temporary unemployment measures by the federal government cover. Chapter III. -Measures regarding the neighborhood services department 1. -Place employment agencies (ALE) Article 10 differs from the rule according to which PWAs must spend 25% of their income on the training of PWA employees and the unemployed who have been registered with the agency. For the year 2020, 50% of the amount designated for the formation may be used to cover the health expenses that the PWAs have borne after the crisis COVID-19. This provision comes into effect on January 1, 2020 as the expenditure in connection with the Sanitary material before 1 comes June 2020 may have been done and may have already been done in March, even earlier if prevention measures had already been taken; Article 11 stipulates that unused training funds, which are therefore reclaimed, will be allocated to the local agencies that have additional training costs in the course of the year 2020 have been made. These amounts will be redistributed on the same basis in 2021, in proportion to the additional expenses and, depending on the number of requests submitted by the PWAs, in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 12. Section 2. - Service check -in -article 12 stipulates that service check companies receive an allowance for employees they have held in despite the inability to perform their performance in the context of the service check. The aim is to compensate the costs of maintaining employment when the companies are not to enjoy the income related to their activities. Item13 determines the way in which the amount of the allowance is calculated, taking into account the employment contracts of the employees, the Number of service checks issued during the course of the month and the planned amount of the regional contribution on an hourly basis, on a degressive basis, for the months of June, July and August2020. This measure is intended to protect employees and to facilitate the organization of the work within the company with a view to the partial and gradual resumption of destination. Article 14 stipulates the procedure that must be followed to be intended for this contribution. Article 15 determines what is intended with service check employees, referring to the applicable regulations. Chapter IV. - Measures relating to regional shipments for employment mediation (MIRE) Article 16 provides for the grant of an allowance in favor of the MIRE (regional shipments for employment) to cover, on the one hand, the health, medical and paramedical costs and the costs for the maintenance of The health crisis resulting and on the other hand, the purchase of computer equipment to make the performance down. , Even earlier if preventive measures had already been taken. In Article 17, the procedure for the allocation of this allowance is determined. Article 18 Relocates one of the conditions with regard to the determination of the amount of the allowance in favor of the Mire, which depends of the number of job seekers engaged by De Mire And that came to the labor market. It can be deduced from Article 19 that this condition has been met after 3 months of performance on the basis of an employment contract instead of 6 months. This article comes into effect on January 1, 2020Since the COVID-19 crisis has had an impact on the chances of engaging in work seekers as soon as it has occurred on Belgian territory and therefore before 1 June 2020.kapreukv. - Social Economy Department 1. - Measures regarding the engagement companies the objective of Article 19 is to take into account the consequences of any enforcement or suspension of the employment contracts of vulnerable employees and extremely vulnerable employees in engagement companies. can enjoy a certain period. Article 20 makes it possible to extend this period and not to take the calculation of this intensity into account the months of June to September 2020. In article 20, the rules for the proof of the allocation of the allowance to the extension of Dein Article 20 are period adapted. Department 6 - Initiatives for the development of the employment in the Sector of Neighborhood Services with a social purpose (i.d.e.s.s.s) Article21 allows the idess to expand their activities with regard to the social transport of persons that of goods when this transport of goods intended is to do the shopping or transport of the laundry of the beneficiaries of the services of the Idess. This is intended to help the beneficiaries of the idess and to prevent them from carrying out non-essential trips. This extension is valid between 1 June and 31 December 2020. article 22 is aimed at the allowance of the Idess for the months of June to August 2020, since the amount of these allowances will be influenced by the crisis while the costs incurred are the same Remained. The calculation is made on an annual basis, it will have an effect on the entire year 2020.kondstukvi. - Final provisions article 23 provides for the entry into force of the Decree on 1 June 2020, with the exception of Articles 3 and 7, which entered into force on January 1, 2020, and Articles 10.16, 18 and 22, which on January 1, 2020 in effect. The aim of the retroactive strength to ensure coherence between the entry into force of the decision and the temporality of the consequences of his articles. This retroactive effect makes it possible to respond to the needs in connection with the reduction of the lockdown and arising From the COVID-19 crisis and the different moments on which the consequences were felt. Retroactive power is essential to ensure that the objectives of the decision are achieved. Moreover, this retroactive force does detract from the rights of third parties and, on the contrary, it is favorable for them. Article 24 Minister of Employment charged with the implementation of this Decree. Advice of the Council of State No. 67.537/4 of 11 June 2020 Department Legislative on 4 June 2020, the Council of State, Division, was by the Vice-Minister President and Minister of Employment , Formation, health, social action, equal opportunities and women's rights of the Walloon Region requested that within a period of five working days to issue advice on a draft decision by the Walloon government 'of special powers no. With regard to employment and socioprofessional integration, social economy included. The design was examined by the fourth Chamber 11 June 2020. The Chamber was composed of Martine Baguet, chairwoman of the Chamber, Luc Cambieren Bernard Blero, state councils, and Anne-Catherine van Geersdaele, Griffier . Report was made by Véronique Schmitz, auditor. The advice with the text below was issued on 11 June2020. According to Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws `on the Council of State ', coordinated on January 12, 1973, the request for advice in particular must be given the motives that justify the urgent character. As follows: "Dedring necessity is reasoned as follows: Whereas the direct and unumenical consequences of the crisis require a management and a rapid response to regional level; predominantly the lockdown period has endangered the sectors and regulations for employment, Socioprofessional Social Economics has endangeredas well as the objectives that are nagged with these regulations; in view of the consequences in the medium term of the crisis COVID-19 and the effect of the safety measures that still apply to the aforementioned regulations; predominantly the resumption of the activities in the context of the finishing of the lockdown therefore accompanied by the necessary measures to pursue the objectives of the aforementioned regulation; mostly the measures foreseen are indispensable to guarantee the employment and enforcement of social performance resulting from these regulations; given the urgency of the implementation of these Measures to achieve the intended goal and , 3 °, of the laws `on the Council of State ' , coordinated on January 12, 1973, the legislative hair department is limited to the legal basis of the draft, to the competence of the stater of the deed and to complete the prior form requirements, in accordance with Article 84, § 3, of the aforementioned laws. On these three Points gives the design to the following comments. Provisional remarks1. It follows from Article 5 of the Decree of 17 March 2020 'for the award of Special Fines to the Walloon Government in the context of the Health Crisis COVID-19' that "the authorization is given to the government for three months is valid for three months the entry into force of "(first paragraph) and that" the period is determined in paragraph 1 is one single time, for an equivalent per duration "(second paragraph). Contrary to the Decree, the entry into force on March 15, 2020 took place. Advice from the legislation department is issued, the stater of the text must be made remarkable that it can only be assumed if the government still has the special powers. Zoniet has the designed text not a right basis (1) .2. In accordance with Article 3, § 2, of the Decree of 17 March 2020, the draft decision to the Bureau of Parliament are communicated before its publication in the Belgian Official Gazette. provisions 31 December 2020 (Articles 10.11 and 22), 30 June 2021 (Article 9) or 1 July 2021 (Article 12). Accounting with the explanation of the draft decision and in the Walloon Government Memorandum this regulation may be deemed to be in principle to participate in the measures that the government may take on the basis of Article 1, §1, of the Decree of 17 March 2020, namely all useful measures to prevent and treat any situation that causes problems in the strict framework of the COVID-19 Pandemie and its consequences and who urgently need to be treated on pain of serious danger. " December 1, 2020, and A Fortiori who are not too far away from 30 June 2021 or 1 July 2021 to be considered objective and reasonably justified in the light of the limitations-that of the "strict framework of the COVID-19 Pandemie and The consequences "- to which Article 1, § 1, of the Decree of 17 March 2020 grants the implementation of the special powers that it grants it to the government. Indeed, it is not currently not possible to determine with certainty at what time the application of the measures to limit the distribution of COVID19, including the end of the finishing measures, will be terminated, but an earlier datezou can still be considered in light of the proposed objective. The draft decision on this point can be justified. If not, it will be revised (2). Special remarks. In the preamble of a decision, the first provisions to be referred to are referred toThe provisions that stretch the draft to legal basis. The decree of 17 March2020 must therefore form the first paragraph of the preamble.2. The first paragraph will be omitted that it refers to Article 39 of the Constitution. SCHIPING SPECIAL ARTICLE 1 STUT DRIVATE SECTION ALSO A BEMADED BY THE WALLE Region in regional matters must contain the mention referred to in Article 1. This provision - which also wrongly refers to "this decree" - must therefore be omitted. Article 5 The question of Article5 the Minister's delegate indicated the following: "Article 5 of the draft decision that provides for the possibility of deviating of the functions that were awarded in deviation from Article 12 of the Hetape Decree of 19 December 2002: that Article 12 stipulates that the employer may request a change in his decision of the award of the APE support. In the decisions to grant the Ape- support is indicated which functions are granted to the employer and which he must live. The purpose of Article 5 of the draft decision is to enable the employer to temporarily change the positions performed by his employee. Under normal circumstances, the change of the functions the subject of a request, in accordance with Article 12, insofar as they have influence on the award decision. It therefore seems to us That the possibility of temporary changes without requesting the functions is a deviation from Article 12 of the APE decision of 19-December 2002 ". article 5 has been formulated in the sense that it must apply" without prejudice to the rules that apply to the employment law ". It follows that" Article 5 makes it possible to temporarily and with due observance of labor law, to deviate from the respect of defunctions granted in the context of the A.P.E. support to take into account the consequences of the health crisis for the organization of the work and to encourage employees to continue working ". Ten Slotte extends that from 1 June 2020, a measure that has been an identical to the measure that has been provided for in Article 34 of the Decree of the Walloon Government of Special Powers No. 11 of 31 March 2020 'concerning various provisions on employment, education and soci -professional engaging, social economy, consequently, it may be assumed that Article 5 of the draft aims to deviate from Article 12 of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 19 December 2002 to implement the Decree of 25 April 2002 in relation to the promotion of the employment of the employment of the employment non-working job seekers by the local, regional and community governments, by certain employers in the non-commercial sector, the teaching of other legal provisions' report to the government will be supplemented with these precisions. Articles of first paragraph will be displayed as a deviation of Article 10 of the Decree of 2 February 2017 'concerning the support for employment for the target groups'. It goes on an additional reason to suspend the allocation of the support in addition to the support provided for in this provision, and not for a deviation. Article 10 will be revised accordingly. Article 12th the fourth paragraph stipulates that "for EM, depending on the number of applications, distributed the financing to the agencies that account for their expenses within the period referred to in paragraph 3. Up to the amount of the expenses and/or up to the number of agencies that the mechanism has made use. Article 12 will be clarified on this point. the words "au sens de l'Article 1er, Alinéa 1er, 9 °, the l'rrêté royal du 12 décembre 2001 group les titres services" are replaced by the words "au sens de l'Article 7bis de la Loi du 20 Juillet 2001 ". Article 19 article 19 Zouer benefits to be supplemented to determine that it deviates from Article 1, first paragraph, 2 ° of the Decree of 27 May 2009 'to implement the Dec. Reet of 11 March 2004 on deer recognition and the subsidization of regional shipments for employment '"that defines the concept of" sustainable and high -quality relationship "of which is deviated from. "Intensité de l'Aide", the words "Visée à l'Article 19 du décret du 20 Octobre 2016 relatif à l'Agrément des initiatives d'économiesocial et à l'Agrément et au subvention of the entertprises d'intion "to be deleted because an overlap with the start of the article it is intended to deviate from Article 20 of the same decree and that is the provision in which the conditions for the intensity of the support is laid down.2. The second paragraph has been drawn up in such a way that the months of the months' of March are taken into account in the calculation of the intensity until August 2020 ". The discussion of article 20 must be revised in the sense that the months" June to September 2020 "are given as a period. Item is the discussion of Article 22 that the social transport between 1 June 2020 and 31 December 2020 follows the transport of Goods for the benefit of the beneficiaries in Article 1, first paragraph, 4 °, of the Decree of 14 December 2006 "concerning the recognition and disubbing of the" Initiatives The De L'Emploi Dans Le Secteur des Services de Proximitéà Finalité Social "(initiatives for the development of employment in the neighborhood services with a social purpose), abbreviated:" i.d.e.s.s. ", and more specifically the shopping of the laundry, can include. To bring this expansion of the concept of "social transport" into line with the legal basis of the specified text and to prevent Het Nakt as the transport of other types of goods, Article 22 will be supplemented with the determining the type of transport of goods that is being considered. Article 23 In contrast to the disposing part that excludes the months "from March to August 2020", indicates the discussion of Article 23 that the aim is to the Idess subsidies "for the months of June to July "To be released. This contradiction must be eliminated. Article 24 article 24 provides an entry into force on the day on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. However, it is recovery provisions, in the sense that they enter into force on January 1, 2020 (Articles 11 and 17 to 19), March 1, 2020 (Articles 20 and 21), 1 May 2020 (Articles 4 and 8) or 1 June 2020 (Articles 3, 5, 7, 9, 10, 13 to 16 and 22). Since the legislative department in its advice No 67.142 /AG of 25 March 2020 (3) has noticed, "the retroactive effect may be single -person if it is indispensable for the achievement of an objective of general interest (4). If, moreover, it appears that the retroactive effect results in the end of legal procedures In a specific sense, it is influenced or that judicial lectures are prevented from contradicting a question of law, requires the nature of the principle that exceptional conditions offer an account of the rise n of the legislator, which citizens to the detriment of a category of a category of the jurisdictional guarantees that are offered to all (5). "The report to the government must contain the appropriate justifications regarding the retroactive effect of the decorated provisions. In this context, the be useful to state the similar measures that were taken, in particular in the context of the decision of the Walloon Government of 31 March 2020 of special powers no. 11 'concerning various provisions regarding employment, education and sociopophessional engagement, social economy including', for the period from 1 March2020 to 31 May 2020 (6), and they will be repeated in the designed text from 1 June 2020.Degiier, Anne-Catherine by Geersdaelede chairwoman, Martine Baguet _______cates1s unless the government is assumed about ordinary powers has fulfilled for all provisions of the draft and all prior formalities.2 See, in the same sense, advisory number. 67,526/4, given on 9 June 2020 on a draft decision from the Walloon government of special powers'r. Xx organizing the public participation of the public instead of the prior information meeting for certain projects referred to in Book I of the Environmental Tetbook'.3 Advice no.67.142/AG given on 25 March 2020 on the proposal that the law of 27 March 2020 is Become 'that authorization to the king to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronaviruscovid-19' (I and II) ', http://www.raadvst-consetat.be/dbx/avis/67142.pdf. 4 Footnote No. 22van Before Advice: settled case law of the Constitutional Court, see in particular: G.H., 21 November2013, no. 158/2013, B.24.2; G.H., December 19, 2013, no. 172/2013, B.22; G.H., January 29, 2014, no.18/2014, B.10; G.H., 9 October 2014, no. 146/2014, B.10.1; G.H., January 22, 2015, no. 1/2015, B.4; G.H., 7 May 2015, no. 54/2015, B.12; G.H., January 14, 2016, no. 3/2016, B.22; G.H., 3 February 2016, nr. 16/2016, B.12.1; G.H.April 28, 2016, no. 58/2016, B.9.2; G.H., 9 February 2017, no. 15/2017, B.9.2.5voetnot no. 23 of the above advice: settled case law of the Constitutional Court. See for example: G.H., November 21, 2013, no. 158/2013, B.24.2; G.H., 9 October 2014, no. 146/2014, B.10.1; G.H., 28 May 2015, nr. 77/2015, B.4.1; G.H., 24 March 2016, no. 48/2016, B.6; G.H., 6 October 2016, no. 126/2016, b.7.3.6zie Articles 33, 34, 36, 19, §§ 1, 2 and 5, which must be associated with Articles 3, 5, 7, respectively, respectively 10, 20, 21 and 23 of the draft.16 June 2020. -Decree of the Walloon Government of Special Powers No. 51 on the finishing measures COVID -19 Intaken Employment and Sociopfessional engagement, social economy including Walloon Seal, given the Decree of 17 March 2020 Awarding special powers to Dewaalse Government in the context of the Health Crisis COVID-19, Article 1, § 1; in view of the decree of 25 April 2002 on the allowances for promoting the employment of non-working job seekers by the local, regional and Community governments, by certain employers in the non-commercial sector, education; Having regard to the decision of 14 December2006 on recognition and subsidization of the "Initiatives de Dévelpification de l'Emploi Dansle Secte UR des Services de Proximité à Finalité Sociale "(Initiatives for the development of employment in the Sector of Buurtdiensten with a social goal), abbreviated" i.d.e.s.s. and the subsidization of the engagement companies; in view of the decree of 2februari 2017 on the support for employment for the target groups; in view of the decree of 14 February 2019 on the subsidies to promote the employment of not working at some companies; the Royal Decree of 25-November 1991 containing the unemployment regulations; in view of the decision of the Walloon Government of 19 December 2002 to implement the decree of 25 April 2002 on the allowance for the employment of non-working jobseekers by the local, regional government, do of certain employers in the non-commercial sector, education and of other legal provisions; in view of the decision of 24 May 2017 implementing the Decree of 20 October 2016 on the recognition of the initiatives of the social economy and the recognition and subsidization of the engagement companies; In view of the decision of 24 May 2017 for the implementation of the Decree of 20 October 2016 on the recognition of the initiatives of social economies, the recognition and subsidization of the engagement companies; given the advice of the Inspector of Finance, given on 3 June 2020; on the approval of the minister of budget, given on 4 June 2020; in view of the report of 3 June 2020, drawn up in accordance with the decree of 11 April 2014, the implementation of the Women's Conference Pan de United Nations that in September 1995 in Beijing took place and to integrate the gender dimension in all of the regional the policy lines; in view of advice No 67.537/4 of the Council Vanstate, given on 11 June 2020, in accordance with Article 84, § 1, paragraph 1, 3 °, of the laws on the council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973; in view of on the urgent necessity; in view of the consultations between the governments of the Deeltakes and the competent federal governments in the National Safety Council, which has been meeting since the beginning of March 2020; in view of Article 191 of the Convention on the Function of the European Union, that the precautionary principle honors in the framework of the management of an international health crisis and the active preparation for the potentiality of this crisis; that this principle means that, when a serious risk can be most likely, the public authorities have to take urgent and preliminary measures; in view of WHO's declaration in connection with the characteristics of the Coronavirus Covid-19, in particular the strongness and the risk of mortality; Whereas WHO labeled the Coronaviruscovid-19 on 11 March 2020 as a pandemic; whereas WHO on March 16, 2020 for the Coronavirus Covid-19, which will destabilizes the world economy and quickly spreads over the worldto the highest degree; given the distribution of the Coronavirus Covid-19 on European territory and in Belgium; given the urgent necessity and the health risk mat, the Coronavirus COVID-19 is for the Belgian population; given the evolution of Decovid-19 epidemic and the decisions of the National Labor Council concerning the various finishing periods; predominant, despite the improvement of the situation, the strict compliance with health measures must be enforced; require; whereas the lockdowneriode sectors and regulations regarding employment, sociopophessional engagement and social economy has caused the compromise, as well as the objectives that are pursued with these regulations; having regard to the consequences of the medium term of the security-19 and the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the security egelendie are still applicable in the aforementioned regulations; whereas the resumption of the activities in the context of the reduction of the lockdown must therefore be accompanied by the necessary measures to pursue the objectives of the aforementioned regulation; to guarantee the employment and enforcement of the social performance fluent from these schemes; given the urgency of implementation Vandeze measures to achieve the intended goal and the reduction of the Lockdown Kanbelmeren; Whereas in view of the economic consequences of the crisis, it is appropriate to suspend the obligations that apply to employers who receive ape and sesame support in terms of the preservation and increasing the total employment volume, to to prevent these employers from Double are punished in the event of a reduction in their number of employees as a result of the consequences of the health crisis COVID19; Whereas it is also appropriate to the employers prescribed for the recruitment or replacement of a jobseeker for whom they a decision to grant the Ape -or enjoy sesame support, to extend to prevent them from losing the benefit of similar testing when they are forced to postpone the originally planned recruitment due to the occurrence of the health crisis COVID-19; In the organizational work modalities of employers who enjoy a decision to grant the APE support, in particular in terms of work and activities, it must be possible to temporarily deviate from the functions for which APE, with regard to employment law -support is granted; to neutralize the effect of the lack of recruitment of a jobseeker, despite the existence of a decision to grant the Sesame support, on a later request from an employer because of the economic consequences of the health crisiscovid-19; disadvantage, the periods of temporary unemployment measures are neutralized in the calculation of the duration of the activation of the benefits of the employees in the context of the Impulsion support; sector, the appropriate isom their access to the "Impulsion 12 MOIS +"-arrangement to facilitate, taking into account the characteristics of the performance granted by employees in this sector; entails for the implementation of their activities in particular to guarantee the safety of the health of their employees, it is appropriate to use the PWAs 50% of PWA income intended for training, to use the costs of health facilities for their employees their To cover PWA service providers, must be again assigned to the PWAs that have incurred additional training costs; predominantly, to ensure that the service checkers continue to work under the normal labor scheme, which can also facilitate the organization of the gradual resumption of the activitiesIt is appropriate to compensate the loss of income for the company due to the non -collecting of the user contribution by means of degressive coverage; Extra costs for making sanitary facilities available are compensated; On the Crisiscovid-19, its economic consequences for employment, during the period of lockdown and redemption of the Lockdown, and the consequences of the opportunities on engaging, in particular in the long term, of the beneficiaries by the regional shipments for employment mediation and supervised; in view of the consequences of the COVID-19 crisis for the employees of engagement companies in relation to the special character of the rules that apply to subsidies for the employment of vulnerable and extremely vulnerable employees; in view of the impact of the crisis on income of the initiatives to develop the employment in the neighborhood services sector with a social purpose, abbreviated "i.d.e.s.s.", while their expenses remain identical; In view of the difficulties that the beneficiaries of the services of the "I.D.E.S.S." experience in their journeys and risks to which they spot themselves, given their age or their disability or their socio-economic vulnerability, to buy food or collect their laundry in the context of the social laundry services; mostly the measures apply from 1 June 2020 and, for some of them, either from 1 January2020, or from 1 May 2020, so that the decision on 1 June 2020, and, for Articles 10, 16, 18 and22, on January 1, 2020 and, for Articles 3 and 7 , on 1 May 2020, this entry into force must come into effect to ensure the full effect of the measures and the achievement of its objectives; On the nomination of the minister's work charged with social economy; after deliberation, decision: chapteri. - General provisions article 1. For the application of this Decree and for each of the provisions that have been established with regard to the subsidization, the amount of the subsidy may not be higher than the costs actually borne by the beneficiary, for what is subsidized. . - Measures concerning employment department 1. - Support scheme for promotion of the employment art. 2. The obligations referred to in Articles 2, § 3, first paragraph, and 3, § 3, first paragraph, 3 °, of the Decree of 25 April 2002 on the allowance for the employment of non-working job seekers by the local , Regional community governments, by certain employers in the non-commercial sector, education between 1 June 2020 and 30 September 2020 are suspended. Introduction of Article 16, fourth paragraph, of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 19 December 2002 implementing the implementation of the Decree of 25 April2002 concerning the allowances to promote the employment of non-working job seekers through the local, regional and community governments, by certain employers in the non-commercial sector, education, and other legal provisions, the calculation of the net increase is of it Total employment volume that the administration carries out every year on the birthday of the notification of the decision, b Epinst to periods that do not fall between 1 June 2020 and 30 September 2020. Including Article 21, seventh paragraph, of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 19 December 2002 to implement the Decree of 25 April 2002 on the allowances to promote the employment of Non-working jobseekers by the local, regional and community governments, by certain employers in the non-commercial sector, education, and other legal provisions, limits the calculation of the enforcement of the total employment volume, which each year on the birthday of the Decree The administration is implemented, to the comparison of the reference setting with the average number of employees, expressed in full -time equivalents, the four quarters of the decision of the decision were committed, the period between 1 June 2020 and 30 September 2020. As the employer there oneg Employed requeststhe Minister of Employment may deviate from the condition referred to in Article 2, § 3, of the Decree of 25 April 2002 on the allowances for promoting the employment of non-working job seekers by the local, regional and community governments, by certain employers in the non-non-employers Commercial sector, education, when the calculation of Hentotal Employment Volume the period between 1 June 2020 and 30 September 2020 in whole or partial vessels, provided that the decrease in total employment volume is the result of the economic consumers of the epidemic of COVID-19.Art . 3. The periods of six months referred to in Articles24 and 31 of the Decree of 25 April 2002 on the allowances to promote the employment of non-working job seekers by the local, regional and community governments, by certain employers in the non-commercial sector, the Education, are suspended between May 1, 2020 and 30 September2020.Art. 4. Contrary to Article 12 of the Walloon Government Decree of 19 December2002 implementing the Decree of 25 April 2002 on the allowances for the promotion of the commencement of non-working job seekers by the local, regional and community authorities, by certain employers in The non-commercial sector, education, and other legal provisions without prejudice to the applicable rules of labor law, the obligation to comply with the positions that are determined in the decision to grant the A.P.E. support, suspended 1 June 2020 and 30 September 2020. Department 2. - SESAM -Regelingart. 5. Contrary to Article 8, third paragraph, of the Decree of 14 February 2019 on the subsidies for promoting the employment of non-working job seekers with some companies, the award decision for which the company does not have a jobseeker has not taken up within the set period, whereby the subsidy can be settled, not taken into account for the application of Article 8 (2) of the Decree of 14 February 2019 on the subsidies to promote the employment of not working jobseekers at some companies when the set deadlines between 1 October2020 and 31 December 2020 have passed.art. 6. The obligations referred to in Article 12, §1, first paragraph, 2 °, 3 ° and 4 ° of the Decree of 14 February 2019 on the subsidies to promote the employment of non-working jobseekers in some companies will be between 1 June2020 and September 30, 2020 suspended.art. 7. The periods of six months referred to in Article13, §§ 1 and 2, of the Decree of 14 February 2019 on the subsidies for promoting the employment of non-working job seekers in some companies are suspended between 1 May 2020 and 30 September 2020. Department 3. - Support scheme for the purpose of the Target Group. 8. For the purposes of the Decree of 2 February 2017 on the support of employment of the target groups, between 1 June 2020 and 30 June 2021 with a long -term job seeker, the meaning of Article 4 of the Decree of 2 February 2017 on the support for employment benefit of the target groups equalized, the jobseeker who has worked as an artist in the four quarters prior to the quarter of his commencement of employment. Introculars who have worked as an artist as an artist, is understood to mean any person who is registered before his commencement of employment. Wallon de la Formation Professional et de l'Emploi "(Walloon Service for Vocational Training and Employment Mediation), hereinafter referred to as" Forem ", and that has performed that work performance indicated at the National Social Security Service under the code" 046 ".Art.9. In addition to the suspension clauses stated in Article 10 of the same decree, the allocation of the work payment stated in Articles 3 and 4 of the same decree is suspended when the person concerned is temporarily unemployed in the period between 1 June 2020 and 31 December 2020. The suspension is automatically lifted as soon as the Period of temporary unemployment and at the latest on 31 December2020.kapstem III. - Measures regarding the neighborhood services department 1. - Regulation of the local employment agencies. 10. Contrary to Article 79, §9, first paragraph, 2 °, of the Royal Decree of 25 November 1991 containing the unemployment regulations, a maximum of fifty percent of the amount intended for financing the formations of the unemployed people who are registered At the Local Employment Agency, hereinafter referred to as PWA, the purchase of paramedical, medical and health equipment and products are used for the protection of PWA staffIncluding the posted staff members of Forem and the employees who work in the context of a PWA work agreement. The first paragraph only applies exclusively to income for which PWA does notify the obligation of Article79, § 9, paragraph 1, 2 at the latest on 31 December 2020 at the latest on 31 December 2020 °, must have paid and provided that the purchases referred to in paragraph 1 are made in the period from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020.Art. 11. Contrary to article 79, § 9, third paragraph, of the Royal Decree of 25 November 1991 on the unemployment regulations, the unused balance of the amount for financing the training for the unemployed in the agency, for the income for which the PWA at the latest on 31 December 2020 on the obligation of Article 79, § 9, first paragraph, 2 °, must have paid, forem paid. Foremem the amounts consisting of the sum of the unused balances referred to in the first paragraph, Financing the training expenses for PWA employees and unemployed registered with the PWA, above twenty-five percent of the income for which the PWA must have the obligation of Article 79, § 9, first paragraph, 2 °, of the same decree by 31 December 2020 at the latest on 31 December 2020 satisfied, without prejudice to 10, first paragraph. The PWA that wishes to be eligible for the financing referred to in paragraph 2, must submit an application to FO at the latest on 1 July 2021 REM and provides the supporting documents for the extra formation expenditure that were made during the year 2020. As a result of the number of PWAs die have submitted a request and, in relation to the amount of their extra expenses, foremde financing equally about the agencies that Their expenses within the term reply referred to in paragraph 3. The finance granted to the agency may in no way have the training costs actually incurred. Department 2. - Regulation on the Service Checker.12. The Walloon Region grants an allowance for the months of March, April and May 2020 to the recognized enterprise in Article 2, § 1, 6 °, of the Law of 20 July 2001 to promote neighborhood services, in order to remunerate, including the remuneration, including of the relevant contributions, of the Service Check employees of the company recognized by the Walloon Region, which was actually worn by Hetwaalse Regest in the months concerned, as well as the other expenditures arising from the service check activity, in whole or in part. 13. The monthly amount of the statement referred to in Article 12 is equal to (A - B) X C Where: 1 ° "A" is the same as the number of hours that the recognized company has paid for all its service check employees during the month concerned; 2 ° "B" is equal to the number of service checks that correspond to the performance that the employees of the recognized company have granted during the month concerned; 3 ° "C" is equal to 16.86 euros for the month of June, 15.86 for the month of July and 14.86 for the month of August. The number of hours for which the recognized company will receive an allowance for each service check employee during the month concerned, may not be larger than the number of hours actually paid or the affordable number between: 1 ° the number of hours laid down in the employment contract of the Service Check employee, including the appendices, applicable during the week of 9 March 2020, divided by seven multiplied by the number of calendar days in the month for which the company for its subsidy application entry; 2 ° the number of hours paid from the service check employee during the favorable month in 2019.Art. 14. To be eligible for the allowance referred to in Article 12, shared the recognized company to the company that issues service checks for the Walloon Region, no later than thirty days after the end of the month concerned, the number of hours paid for each service check employee. Article 13 calculated is paid by the company that issues service checks for the Waalsegewest within ten working days after the notification referred to in the first. If the number of hours paid by the recognized company in accordance with the first paragraph, is higher than the in Article 13, Second paragraph, determined Maxima, the resulting difference in the calculation of the allowance by Forem is reclaimed with all legal means. Art.15. In the meaning of Articles 12, 13 and 14, the Service Check employee is understood to meanthe Werknemermet An employment contract for service checks within the meaning of Article 7bis of the Law of 20 July 2001 Tot promotion of neighborhood services and jobs and for the achievements he performs in the Walloon Region. - Measures on regional shipments for job placement art. 16. Detwestal shipments for job placement recognized under the Decree of 11 March 2004 Recognition and subsidization of the regional shipments for employment mediation: 1 ° a subsidy equal to the number of full -time equivalents who are taking the regional mediation in the service, multiplied by 350, multiplied by 350, multiplied by 350 intended for the purchase of paramedical, medical and plumbing equipment and products, as well as the costs for the sanitary maintenance of the classrooms paid by DeGewestelijke Mission for employment mediation between 1 January 2020 and 31 December 2020; 2 ° a one -off exceptional subsidy of 5,000 euros for the purchase of computer equipment and hardwareom to be able to carry out the activities remotely from the regional shipment for employment mediation.art.17. The allowances referred to in Article 16 are paid by the "Office Wallon de La Formation Professional de l'Emploi" on the basis of a declaration sent by the regional shipment. of the decision of the Walloon Government of 27 May 2009 totation of the Decree of 11 March 2004 on recognition and subsidization of the regional readings for employment mediation, the evidence of the expenditure referred to in Article 16.de in Article 16, 2 °, Expenditure referred to are deemed to have been written off for the year 2020. Deten injunction is proven by the "Office Wallon de la Formation Professionnelle et de l'Emploi" in any way reclaimed, including compensation for each legal remedy, compensation included . 18. For the purposes of Article 16, paragraph 6, of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 27 May 2009 implementing the decree of 11 March 2004 on reconciliation and the subsidization of regional shipments for employment mediation, and in deviation from article 1, first paragraph, 2 ° of the same decision, for the subsidy with regard to the year 2020, is deemed to be intended in the relationship, the beneficiary who has practiced professional activity the framework of one or more employment contracts with a total duration of at least six months In the running of the twelve months after the signing of the first employment contract, excluding the runway and entry -level reliefs. Chapter V. - Measures on Social Economy Department1. - Scaling company. 19. Contrary to Article 20 of the Decree of 20 October 2016 on the recognition of the initiatives of the social economy and the recognition and the subsidization of the engagement companies and of Article 18, § 1 of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 21 May 2017 The Decree of 20 October 2016 on the recognition of the initiatives of the Social Economy and the recognition and the subsidization of the engagement companies does not exceed 50 % of the wage costs for a maximum of 18 months from the employment of a vulnerable employee, or over a period of a maximum of 30 months from the employment of an extremely vulnerable employee, when the months of June 2020 to September 2020 have been included in whole or in part those maximum periods. The months of June 2020 to September 2020 are not taken into account when determining of the wage costs referred to in the first paragraph.art.20. Contrary to Article 18, § 2, of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 24 May 2017, the decree of 20 October 2016 on the recognition of the initiatives of social economy and the recognition and subsidization of the engagement companies, the proofs of the grant of one hundred percent of the subsidy referred to in Article 19 of the Decree of 20 October 2016 recognition of the initiatives of the social economy and the recognition and the subsidization of the engagement companies, corresponding to the payment of wage costs over a period of eighteen months from the date of recruitment of a vulnerable employee and over a period of thirty months for an extremely vulnerable employeeWhen the months of March to August 2020 are fully or partially included in these periods. Department2. - Initiatives for the development of employment in the neighborhood services sector with a social target art. 21. For the purposes of Article 2 of the Decree of 14 December 2006, recognition and the subsidization of the "Initiatives de Dévelpification de l'Emploi Dans Le Secteur Desservices de Proximité à Finalité Social" (Initiatives to develop employment in desector of The neighborhood services with a social purpose), abbreviated: "I.D.E.S.S.", includes social transport, between 1 June 2020 and 31 December 2020, the transport of goods for the beneficiary intended in Article 1, first paragraph, 4 °, of the Decree of December 14, 2006 concerning the recognitions The subsidization of the "Initiatives de Dévelpification de l'Emploi dance le Secteur des Services de Proximitéà Finalité Social" (Initiatives for the development of employment in the Sector of Buurtdiensten with a social goal), abbreviated: "I.D.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.S. ". The transport of goods referred to in the first paragraph includes transport for the benefit of the beneficiaries, of food and basic branches iggren, as well as the transport of laundry.art. 22. Contrary to Article 11, § 1, paragraph 1, 3 and 4 of the Decree of 21 June 2007, the Decree of 14 December2006 on the recognition and subsidization of the "Initiatives de Dévelpement de L" Emploi Dansle Secteur des Services de Proximité à Finalité Social "(Initiatives for the development of employment in the Sector of neighborhood services with a social purpose), abbreviated:" I.D.E.S.S. ", is the amount of the allowance with regard to the year 2020, referred to in article, referred to in article 11, § 1, paragraph 1, 3 and 4, of the same decision calculated on the basis of the year 2020, excluding the months of June to August2020, divided by two and multiplied by four if the amount thus obtained is greater than the amount on the basis of all months of 2020 is obtained. Chapter VI. - Final provisionsart.23. This Decree has elaboration on 1 June 2020 with the exception: 1 ° of Articles 3 and7 that have elaboration on 1 May 2020; 2 ° of Articles 10, 16, 18 and 22 who elaborate on January 1, 2020.Art. 24. The Minister of Employment, Training, charged with the social economy, is responsible for the implementation of this decision. Names, 16 June 2020. For derehreges: the Prime Minister, e. Di Rupode Minister of Employment, Training, Health, Social Action, Equal Opportunities and Women's Rights, Ch. CorreationPublication: 2020-06-26Numac: 2020041907waalse Government Service16 June 2020.-Decision of the Walloon Government of Special Powers No. 51 on the finishing measures COVID-19 on employment and socioprofessional engagement, social economy including COVID-19 government The present Belgium present the current and coming rules, taken to limit the spread of the virus among the population, are of such a nature that they slow down any form of activity on the territory of the Walloon Region. In addition to the impact on health, this health crisis has Also - and still - an important economic impact in Wallonia, which mainly affects our most vulnerable citizens. That is why it is essential in this context of reducing the lockdown to take measures to resume activities aimed at restoring positive, structural and transversal dynamics in the field of employment and socio-professional engaging. In order to be taken into account with the dimension of equal opportunities and rights of women, which are particularly represented in these sectors. The sectors, regulations and services intended in the draft decision to meet essentialsocial and/or/or offer employment, Especially for vulnerable employee who have been hit hard by the crisis. A series of measures have been taken to catch the shock of the crisis, to keep employees at work, to support initiatives to continue the services to those fellow citizens and to limit the consequences of the health crisis and to limit the consequences of consequences as much as possible. It is now necessary to supervise the resumption or continuation of the activities, which will have to be organized with the strict observance of the National Security Council, whether it concerns the rules of Socialdistance or the health measures recommended by Sciensano in the context of The reduction of delockdown.This design decision of special powers relates to a number of specific measures on employment and sociopophessional engaging, including in the field of desocial economy, to support the resumption of the activities in the context of the gradual reduction of Delockdown . This measure n are intended to take into account the consequences of the crisis and the partial resumption of the activities on the regulation for support of the employment and the regulations thereof, in order to temporarily adjust this to the exceptional situation with which we are dealing with. They are also intended to support neighborhood services and services for socio -professional integration, also in the field of the social economy, which meet the social services of the most vulnerable citizens. Pursuant to Article 1 of the Decree of 17 March2020 to the granting of special powers to the Walloon Government in the context of the Health Crisiscovid-19, the government is authorized to take all appropriate measures for any situation that forms a problem in the strict framework of the pandemic of COVID-19 and its consequences to prevent and tackle that, under penalty of serious danger, the urgency of the measures is justified by the fact that, despite the improvement of the situation, the strict compliance with the health measures must be maintained; that, in order to slow and limit the spread of the virus, it is necessary to immediately increase the recommended measures that appear to be essential from the point of view of public health; that the direct or indirect consequences of the crisis require fast management and a rapid response to regional level; that the crisis bring the sectors for employment and engagement, also in the field of the social economy, in the caught jug; that it is essential to supervise the resumption of the activities with dem measures that are necessary to pursue the objectives of these schemes; that the planned measures are dismantled to guarantee the employment and preservation of the performance -based performance -based; that the planned measures have direct consequences of the beneficiaries, which must be informed; That every delay will cause the realization of the objectives they have pursued. That decision of special powers must therefore be adopted as soon as possible so that the measures contained therein entirely consequently and the deadlines and reduction modalities set by the National Safety Council. The draft decision consists of 6 chapters3 of which are subdivided into different departments. - General provisions in Article 1, a general provision is taken over in which it is determined that any allowance referred to in this Decree may not exceed the costs of the beneficiary. - Measures regarding employment department 1 - Support regulation Promotion of employment (A.P.E.) Article 2, first paragraph, apart between 1 Junien 30 September The obligation regarding enforcement and the increase of the global employment volume. The aim of this suspension is to prevent employers from being sanctioned twice in the event of a reduction in the number of employees as a result of the consequences of the health crisis covid-19.deleds 2 and 3, respectively for the employers of the sector of the local boards and In Deniet-commercial sector, the modalities for the verification of compliance with the total volume set adjust to the suspension referred to in paragraph 1. Pursuant to the fourth paragraph, employers (local boards) who, despite the suspension have not been able to meet their global employment volume interests due to the consequences of the health crisis in the medium term, can request a ministerial deviation. Such a possibility already exists for employers in deniet-commercial sector. Article 3 Shares the periods that are imposed on employers to hire a non-working job seeker after the allocation of a new decision to grant the APE support or in the event of Replacement of an employee who has left the company. This provision intended to prevent the employer from losing the benefit of his decision when he forced to postpone the initially planned recruitment because of the emergence of the health crisiscovid-13. This suspension comes into force on 1 May 2020 to prevent employers from which the decision In May, the benefit of the suspension will be excluded. Items it makes it possible to temporarily deviate from Article 12 of the APE decision and with due observance of labor law, from respecting the functions in the context of the A.P.E.- Supports are granted to take into account the consequences of the health crisis for the organization of the work. Department2. -Sesam support article 5 deviates from taking inactive Sesame decisions (i.e., decisions that the employer has not made use of, despite the award, and that Hijdus has lost) in the context of the analysis of a new support request by The employer isingediend. The Articles 6 and 7, such as Articles 3 and 4 for the APE, suspend for the same periods and for the same reasons the obligations regarding the global employment volume and the recruitment times. Department 3. - Support for the purpose of the target group article 8 sets job seekers who are active in the dartistic sector equal to long-term job seekers, so that they can enjoy the "Impulsion support". The aim is to facilitate access to the scheme for a category employee who have been affected in particular by the crisis and which are difficult to meet the conditions for access due to the characteristics of their performance. of the recruitment of performance indicated under the R.S.Z.O. code 046 may be eligible for the equalization. The equalization lasts until 30 June 2021, since the reorganization of the artistic sector will have to be extended over time, the restrictions for the artistic sector do not yet have a clear timetable. Events with large numbers of people are still prohibited and will probably be affected by the health crisis for a long time, which will serve artists and in particular young people who are severely disadvantaged now or in the coming months. In Article 9, temporary unemployment is taken over and only of the reasons of the suspension of the granting of support. This makes it possible to suspend the duration where the employee/jobseeker can enjoy the "impulsion support. The purpose of this measure is to prevent the maximum grant duration of the maximum granting with periods of temporary unemployment when the employee does not activate receives. The effect of the measure is related to the enforcement by the federal government of the temporary unemployment possibilities Covid-19that have already been extended until 31 August 2020. The measure applies until 31 December to a possible extension of the temporary unemployment measures by the federal government cover. Chapter III. -Measures regarding the neighborhood services department 1. -Place employment agencies (ALE) Article 10 differs from the rule according to which PWAs must spend 25% of their income on the training of PWA employees and the unemployed who have been registered with the agency. For the year 2020, 50% of the amount designated for the formation may be used to cover the health expenses that the PWAs have borne after the crisis COVID-19. This provision comes into effect on January 1, 2020 as the expenditure in connection with the Sanitary material before 1 comes June 2020 may have been done and may have already been done in March, even earlier if prevention measures had already been taken; Article 11 stipulates that unused training funds, which are therefore reclaimed, will be allocated to the local agencies that have additional training costs in the course of the year 2020 have been made. These amounts will be redistributed on the same basis in 2021, in proportion to the additional expenses and, depending on the number of requests submitted by the PWAs, in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 12. Section 2. - Service check -in -article 12 stipulates that service check companies receive an allowance for employees they have held in despite the inability to perform their performance in the context of the service check. The aim is to compensate the costs of maintaining employment when the companies are not to enjoy the income related to their activities. Item13 determines the way in which the amount of the allowance is calculated, taking into account the employment contracts of the employees, the Number of service checks issued during the course of the month and the planned amount of the regional contribution on an hourly basis, on a degressive basis, for the months of June, July and August2020. This measure is intended to protect employees and to facilitate the organization of the work within the company with a view to the partial and gradual resumption of destination. Article 14 stipulates the procedure that must be followed to be intended for this contribution. Article 15 determines what is intended with service check employees, referring to the applicable regulations. Chapter IV. - Measures relating to regional shipments for employment mediation (MIRE) Article 16 provides for the grant of an allowance in favor of the MIRE (regional shipments for employment) to cover, on the one hand, the health, medical and paramedical costs and the costs for the maintenance of The health crisis resulting and on the other hand, the purchase of computer equipment to make the performance down. , Even earlier if preventive measures had already been taken. In Article 17, the procedure for the allocation of this allowance is determined. Article 18 Relocates one of the conditions with regard to the determination of the amount of the allowance in favor of the Mire, which depends of the number of job seekers engaged by De Mire And that came to the labor market. It can be deduced from Article 19 that this condition has been met after 3 months of performance on the basis of an employment contract instead of 6 months. This article comes into effect on January 1, 2020Since the COVID-19 crisis has had an impact on the chances of engaging in work seekers as soon as it has occurred on Belgian territory and therefore before 1 June 2020.kapreukv. - Social Economy Department 1. - Measures regarding the engagement companies the objective of Article 19 is to take into account the consequences of any enforcement or suspension of the employment contracts of vulnerable employees and extremely vulnerable employees in engagement companies. can enjoy a certain period. Article 20 makes it possible to extend this period and not to take the calculation of this intensity into account the months of June to September 2020. In article 20, the rules for the proof of the allocation of the allowance to the extension of Dein Article 20 are period adapted. Department 6 - Initiatives for the development of the employment in the Sector of Neighborhood Services with a social purpose (i.d.e.s.s.s) Article21 allows the idess to expand their activities with regard to the social transport of persons that of goods when this transport of goods intended is to do the shopping or transport of the laundry of the beneficiaries of the services of the Idess. This is intended to help the beneficiaries of the idess and to prevent them from carrying out non-essential trips. This extension is valid between 1 June and 31 December 2020. article 22 is aimed at the allowance of the Idess for the months of June to August 2020, since the amount of these allowances will be influenced by the crisis while the costs incurred are the same Remained. The calculation is made on an annual basis, it will have an effect on the entire year 2020.kondstukvi. - Final provisions article 23 provides for the entry into force of the Decree on 1 June 2020, with the exception of Articles 3 and 7, which entered into force on January 1, 2020, and Articles 10.16, 18 and 22, which on January 1, 2020 in effect. The aim of the retroactive strength to ensure coherence between the entry into force of the decision and the temporality of the consequences of his articles. This retroactive effect makes it possible to respond to the needs in connection with the reduction of the lockdown and arising From the COVID-19 crisis and the different moments on which the consequences were felt. Retroactive power is essential to ensure that the objectives of the decision are achieved. Moreover, this retroactive force does detract from the rights of third parties and, on the contrary, it is favorable for them. Article 24 Minister of Employment charged with the implementation of this Decree. Advice of the Council of State No. 67.537/4 of 11 June 2020 Department Legislative on 4 June 2020, the Council of State, Division, was by the Vice-Minister President and Minister of Employment , Formation, health, social action, equal opportunities and women's rights of the Walloon Region requested that within a period of five working days to issue advice on a draft decision by the Walloon government 'of special powers no. With regard to employment and socioprofessional integration, social economy included. The design was examined by the fourth Chamber 11 June 2020. The Chamber was composed of Martine Baguet, chairwoman of the Chamber, Luc Cambieren Bernard Blero, state councils, and Anne-Catherine van Geersdaele, Griffier . Report was made by Véronique Schmitz, auditor. The advice with the text below was issued on 11 June2020. According to Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws `on the Council of State ', coordinated on January 12, 1973, the request for advice in particular must be given the motives that justify the urgent character. As follows: "Dedring necessity is reasoned as follows: Whereas the direct and unumenical consequences of the crisis require a management and a rapid response to regional level; predominantly the lockdown period has endangered the sectors and regulations for employment, Socioprofessional Social Economics has endangeredas well as the objectives that are nagged with these regulations; in view of the consequences in the medium term of the crisis COVID-19 and the effect of the safety measures that still apply to the aforementioned regulations; predominantly the resumption of the activities in the context of the finishing of the lockdown therefore accompanied by the necessary measures to pursue the objectives of the aforementioned regulation; mostly the measures foreseen are indispensable to guarantee the employment and enforcement of social performance resulting from these regulations; given the urgency of the implementation of these Measures to achieve the intended goal and , 3 °, of the laws `on the Council of State ' , coordinated on January 12, 1973, the legislative hair department is limited to the legal basis of the draft, to the competence of the stater of the deed and to complete the prior form requirements, in accordance with Article 84, § 3, of the aforementioned laws. On these three Points gives the design to the following comments. Provisional remarks1. It follows from Article 5 of the Decree of 17 March 2020 'for the award of Special Fines to the Walloon Government in the context of the Health Crisis COVID-19' that "the authorization is given to the government for three months is valid for three months the entry into force of "(first paragraph) and that" the period is determined in paragraph 1 is one single time, for an equivalent per duration "(second paragraph). Contrary to the Decree, the entry into force on March 15, 2020 took place. Advice from the legislation department is issued, the stater of the text must be made remarkable that it can only be assumed if the government still has the special powers. Zoniet has the designed text not a right basis (1) .2. In accordance with Article 3, § 2, of the Decree of 17 March 2020, the draft decision to the Bureau of Parliament are communicated before its publication in the Belgian Official Gazette. provisions 31 December 2020 (Articles 10.11 and 22), 30 June 2021 (Article 9) or 1 July 2021 (Article 12). Accounting with the explanation of the draft decision and in the Walloon Government Memorandum this regulation may be deemed to be in principle to participate in the measures that the government may take on the basis of Article 1, §1, of the Decree of 17 March 2020, namely all useful measures to prevent and treat any situation that causes problems in the strict framework of the COVID-19 Pandemie and its consequences and who urgently need to be treated on pain of serious danger. " December 1, 2020, and A Fortiori who are not too far away from 30 June 2021 or 1 July 2021 to be considered objective and reasonably justified in the light of the limitations-that of the "strict framework of the COVID-19 Pandemie and The consequences "- to which Article 1, § 1, of the Decree of 17 March 2020 grants the implementation of the special powers that it grants it to the government. Indeed, it is not currently not possible to determine with certainty at what time the application of the measures to limit the distribution of COVID19, including the end of the finishing measures, will be terminated, but an earlier datezou can still be considered in light of the proposed objective. The draft decision on this point can be justified. If not, it will be revised (2). Special remarks. In the preamble of a decision, the first provisions to be referred to are referred toThe provisions that stretch the draft to legal basis. The decree of 17 March2020 must therefore form the first paragraph of the preamble.2. The first paragraph will be omitted that it refers to Article 39 of the Constitution. SCHIPING SPECIAL ARTICLE 1 STUT DRIVATE SECTION ALSO A BEMADED BY THE WALLE Region in regional matters must contain the mention referred to in Article 1. This provision - which also wrongly refers to "this decree" - must therefore be omitted. Article 5 The question of Article5 the Minister's delegate indicated the following: "Article 5 of the draft decision that provides for the possibility of deviating of the functions that were awarded in deviation from Article 12 of the Hetape Decree of 19 December 2002: that Article 12 stipulates that the employer may request a change in his decision of the award of the APE support. In the decisions to grant the Ape- support is indicated which functions are granted to the employer and which he must live. The purpose of Article 5 of the draft decision is to enable the employer to temporarily change the positions performed by his employee. Under normal circumstances, the change of the functions the subject of a request, in accordance with Article 12, insofar as they have influence on the award decision. It therefore seems to us That the possibility of temporary changes without requesting the functions is a deviation from Article 12 of the APE decision of 19-December 2002 ". article 5 has been formulated in the sense that it must apply" without prejudice to the rules that apply to the employment law ". It follows that" Article 5 makes it possible to temporarily and with due observance of labor law, to deviate from the respect of defunctions granted in the context of the A.P.E. support to take into account the consequences of the health crisis for the organization of the work and to encourage employees to continue working ". Ten Slotte extends that from 1 June 2020, a measure that has been an identical to the measure that has been provided for in Article 34 of the Decree of the Walloon Government of Special Powers No. 11 of 31 March 2020 'concerning various provisions on employment, education and soci -professional engaging, social economy, consequently, it may be assumed that Article 5 of the draft aims to deviate from Article 12 of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 19 December 2002 to implement the Decree of 25 April 2002 in relation to the promotion of the employment of the employment of the employment non-working job seekers by the local, regional and community governments, by certain employers in the non-commercial sector, the teaching of other legal provisions' report to the government will be supplemented with these precisions. Articles of first paragraph will be displayed as a deviation of Article 10 of the Decree of 2 February 2017 'concerning the support for employment for the target groups'. It goes on an additional reason to suspend the allocation of the support in addition to the support provided for in this provision, and not for a deviation. Article 10 will be revised accordingly. Article 12th the fourth paragraph stipulates that "for EM, depending on the number of applications, distributed the financing to the agencies that account for their expenses within the period referred to in paragraph 3. Up to the amount of the expenses and/or up to the number of agencies that the mechanism has made use. Article 12 will be clarified on this point. the words "au sens de l'Article 1er, Alinéa 1er, 9 °, the l'rrêté royal du 12 décembre 2001 group les titres services" are replaced by the words "au sens de l'Article 7bis de la Loi du 20 Juillet 2001 ". Article 19 article 19 Zouer benefits to be supplemented to determine that it deviates from Article 1, first paragraph, 2 ° of the Decree of 27 May 2009 'to implement the Dec. Reet of 11 March 2004 on deer recognition and the subsidization of regional shipments for employment '"that defines the concept of" sustainable and high -quality relationship "of which is deviated from. "Intensité de l'Aide", the words "Visée à l'Article 19 du décret du 20 Octobre 2016 relatif à l'Agrément des initiatives d'économiesocial et à l'Agrément et au subvention of the entertprises d'intion "to be deleted because an overlap with the start of the article it is intended to deviate from Article 20 of the same decree and that is the provision in which the conditions for the intensity of the support is laid down.2. The second paragraph has been drawn up in such a way that the months of the months' of March are taken into account in the calculation of the intensity until August 2020 ". The discussion of article 20 must be revised in the sense that the months" June to September 2020 "are given as a period. Item is the discussion of Article 22 that the social transport between 1 June 2020 and 31 December 2020 follows the transport of Goods for the benefit of the beneficiaries in Article 1, first paragraph, 4 °, of the Decree of 14 December 2006 "concerning the recognition and disubbing of the" Initiatives The De L'Emploi Dans Le Secteur des Services de Proximitéà Finalité Social "(initiatives for the development of employment in the neighborhood services with a social purpose), abbreviated:" i.d.e.s.s. ", and more specifically the shopping of the laundry, can include. To bring this expansion of the concept of "social transport" into line with the legal basis of the specified text and to prevent Het Nakt as the transport of other types of goods, Article 22 will be supplemented with the determining the type of transport of goods that is being considered. Article 23 In contrast to the disposing part that excludes the months "from March to August 2020", indicates the discussion of Article 23 that the aim is to the Idess subsidies "for the months of June to July "To be released. This contradiction must be eliminated. Article 24 article 24 provides an entry into force on the day on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. However, it is recovery provisions, in the sense that they enter into force on January 1, 2020 (Articles 11 and 17 to 19), March 1, 2020 (Articles 20 and 21), 1 May 2020 (Articles 4 and 8) or 1 June 2020 (Articles 3, 5, 7, 9, 10, 13 to 16 and 22). Since the legislative department in its advice No 67.142 /AG of 25 March 2020 (3) has noticed, "the retroactive effect may be single -person if it is indispensable for the achievement of an objective of general interest (4). If, moreover, it appears that the retroactive effect results in the end of legal procedures In a specific sense, it is influenced or that judicial lectures are prevented from contradicting a question of law, requires the nature of the principle that exceptional conditions offer an account of the rise n of the legislator, which citizens to the detriment of a category of a category of the jurisdictional guarantees that are offered to all (5). "The report to the government must contain the appropriate justifications regarding the retroactive effect of the decorated provisions. In this context, the be useful to state the similar measures that were taken, in particular in the context of the decision of the Walloon Government of 31 March 2020 of special powers no. 11 'concerning various provisions regarding employment, education and sociopophessional engagement, social economy including', for the period from 1 March2020 to 31 May 2020 (6), and they will be repeated in the designed text from 1 June 2020.Degiier, Anne-Catherine by Geersdaelede chairwoman, Martine Baguet _______cates1s unless the government is assumed about ordinary powers has fulfilled for all provisions of the draft and all prior formalities.2 See, in the same sense, advisory number. 67,526/4, given on 9 June 2020 on a draft decision from the Walloon government of special powers'r. Xx organizing the public participation of the public instead of the prior information meeting for certain projects referred to in Book I of the Environmental Tetbook'.3 Advice no.67.142/AG given on 25 March 2020 on the proposal that the law of 27 March 2020 is Become 'that authorization to the king to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronaviruscovid-19' (I and II) ', http://www.raadvst-consetat.be/dbx/avis/67142.pdf. 4 Footnote No. 22van Before Advice: settled case law of the Constitutional Court, see in particular: G.H., 21 November2013, no. 158/2013, B.24.2; G.H., December 19, 2013, no. 172/2013, B.22; G.H., January 29, 2014, no.18/2014, B.10; G.H., 9 October 2014, no. 146/2014, B.10.1; G.H., January 22, 2015, no. 1/2015, B.4; G.H., 7 May 2015, no. 54/2015, B.12; G.H., January 14, 2016, no. 3/2016, B.22; G.H., 3 February 2016, nr. 16/2016, B.12.1; G.H.April 28, 2016, no. 58/2016, B.9.2; G.H., 9 February 2017, no. 15/2017, B.9.2.5voetnot no. 23 of the above advice: settled case law of the Constitutional Court. See for example: G.H., November 21, 2013, no. 158/2013, B.24.2; G.H., 9 October 2014, no. 146/2014, B.10.1; G.H., 28 May 2015, nr. 77/2015, B.4.1; G.H., 24 March 2016, no. 48/2016, B.6; G.H., 6 October 2016, no. 126/2016, b.7.3.6zie Articles 33, 34, 36, 19, §§ 1, 2 and 5, which must be associated with Articles 3, 5, 7, respectively, respectively 10, 20, 21 and 23 of the draft.16 June 2020. -Decree of the Walloon Government of Special Powers No. 51 on the finishing measures COVID -19 Intaken Employment and Sociopfessional engagement, social economy including Walloon Seal, given the Decree of 17 March 2020 Awarding special powers to Dewaalse Government in the context of the Health Crisis COVID-19, Article 1, § 1; in view of the decree of 25 April 2002 on the allowances for promoting the employment of non-working job seekers by the local, regional and Community governments, by certain employers in the non-commercial sector, education; Having regard to the decision of 14 December2006 on recognition and subsidization of the "Initiatives de Dévelpification de l'Emploi Dansle Secte UR des Services de Proximité à Finalité Sociale "(Initiatives for the development of employment in the Sector of Buurtdiensten with a social goal), abbreviated" i.d.e.s.s. and the subsidization of the engagement companies; in view of the decree of 2februari 2017 on the support for employment for the target groups; in view of the decree of 14 February 2019 on the subsidies to promote the employment of not working at some companies; the Royal Decree of 25-November 1991 containing the unemployment regulations; in view of the decision of the Walloon Government of 19 December 2002 to implement the decree of 25 April 2002 on the allowance for the employment of non-working jobseekers by the local, regional government, do of certain employers in the non-commercial sector, education and of other legal provisions; in view of the decision of 24 May 2017 implementing the Decree of 20 October 2016 on the recognition of the initiatives of the social economy and the recognition and subsidization of the engagement companies; In view of the decision of 24 May 2017 for the implementation of the Decree of 20 October 2016 on the recognition of the initiatives of social economies, the recognition and subsidization of the engagement companies; given the advice of the Inspector of Finance, given on 3 June 2020; on the approval of the minister of budget, given on 4 June 2020; in view of the report of 3 June 2020, drawn up in accordance with the decree of 11 April 2014, the implementation of the Women's Conference Pan de United Nations that in September 1995 in Beijing took place and to integrate the gender dimension in all of the regional the policy lines; in view of advice No 67.537/4 of the Council Vanstate, given on 11 June 2020, in accordance with Article 84, § 1, paragraph 1, 3 °, of the laws on the council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973; in view of on the urgent necessity; in view of the consultations between the governments of the Deeltakes and the competent federal governments in the National Safety Council, which has been meeting since the beginning of March 2020; in view of Article 191 of the Convention on the Function of the European Union, that the precautionary principle honors in the framework of the management of an international health crisis and the active preparation for the potentiality of this crisis; that this principle means that, when a serious risk can be most likely, the public authorities have to take urgent and preliminary measures; in view of WHO's declaration in connection with the characteristics of the Coronavirus Covid-19, in particular the strongness and the risk of mortality; Whereas WHO labeled the Coronaviruscovid-19 on 11 March 2020 as a pandemic; whereas WHO on March 16, 2020 for the Coronavirus Covid-19, which will destabilizes the world economy and quickly spreads over the worldto the highest degree; given the distribution of the Coronavirus Covid-19 on European territory and in Belgium; given the urgent necessity and the health risk mat, the Coronavirus COVID-19 is for the Belgian population; given the evolution of Decovid-19 epidemic and the decisions of the National Labor Council concerning the various finishing periods; predominant, despite the improvement of the situation, the strict compliance with health measures must be enforced; require; whereas the lockdowneriode sectors and regulations regarding employment, sociopophessional engagement and social economy has caused the compromise, as well as the objectives that are pursued with these regulations; having regard to the consequences of the medium term of the security-19 and the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the security egelendie are still applicable in the aforementioned regulations; whereas the resumption of the activities in the context of the reduction of the lockdown must therefore be accompanied by the necessary measures to pursue the objectives of the aforementioned regulation; to guarantee the employment and enforcement of the social performance fluent from these schemes; given the urgency of implementation Vandeze measures to achieve the intended goal and the reduction of the Lockdown Kanbelmeren; Whereas in view of the economic consequences of the crisis, it is appropriate to suspend the obligations that apply to employers who receive ape and sesame support in terms of the preservation and increasing the total employment volume, to to prevent these employers from Double are punished in the event of a reduction in their number of employees as a result of the consequences of the health crisis COVID19; Whereas it is also appropriate to the employers prescribed for the recruitment or replacement of a jobseeker for whom they a decision to grant the Ape -or enjoy sesame support, to extend to prevent them from losing the benefit of similar testing when they are forced to postpone the originally planned recruitment due to the occurrence of the health crisis COVID-19; In the organizational work modalities of employers who enjoy a decision to grant the APE support, in particular in terms of work and activities, it must be possible to temporarily deviate from the functions for which APE, with regard to employment law -support is granted; to neutralize the effect of the lack of recruitment of a jobseeker, despite the existence of a decision to grant the Sesame support, on a later request from an employer because of the economic consequences of the health crisiscovid-19; disadvantage, the periods of temporary unemployment measures are neutralized in the calculation of the duration of the activation of the benefits of the employees in the context of the Impulsion support; sector, the appropriate isom their access to the "Impulsion 12 MOIS +"-arrangement to facilitate, taking into account the characteristics of the performance granted by employees in this sector; entails for the implementation of their activities in particular to guarantee the safety of the health of their employees, it is appropriate to use the PWAs 50% of PWA income intended for training, to use the costs of health facilities for their employees their To cover PWA service providers, must be again assigned to the PWAs that have incurred additional training costs; predominantly, to ensure that the service checkers continue to work under the normal labor scheme, which can also facilitate the organization of the gradual resumption of the activitiesIt is appropriate to compensate the loss of income for the company due to the non -collecting of the user contribution by means of degressive coverage; Extra costs for making sanitary facilities available are compensated; On the Crisiscovid-19, its economic consequences for employment, during the period of lockdown and redemption of the Lockdown, and the consequences of the opportunities on engaging, in particular in the long term, of the beneficiaries by the regional shipments for employment mediation and supervised; in view of the consequences of the COVID-19 crisis for the employees of engagement companies in relation to the special character of the rules that apply to subsidies for the employment of vulnerable and extremely vulnerable employees; in view of the impact of the crisis on income of the initiatives to develop the employment in the neighborhood services sector with a social purpose, abbreviated "i.d.e.s.s.", while their expenses remain identical; In view of the difficulties that the beneficiaries of the services of the "I.D.E.S.S." experience in their journeys and risks to which they spot themselves, given their age or their disability or their socio-economic vulnerability, to buy food or collect their laundry in the context of the social laundry services; mostly the measures apply from 1 June 2020 and, for some of them, either from 1 January2020, or from 1 May 2020, so that the decision on 1 June 2020, and, for Articles 10, 16, 18 and22, on January 1, 2020 and, for Articles 3 and 7 , on 1 May 2020, this entry into force must come into effect to ensure the full effect of the measures and the achievement of its objectives; On the nomination of the minister's work charged with social economy; after deliberation, decision: chapteri. - General provisions article 1. For the application of this Decree and for each of the provisions that have been established with regard to the subsidization, the amount of the subsidy may not be higher than the costs actually borne by the beneficiary, for what is subsidized. . - Measures concerning employment department 1. - Support scheme for promotion of the employment art. 2. The obligations referred to in Articles 2, § 3, first paragraph, and 3, § 3, first paragraph, 3 °, of the Decree of 25 April 2002 on the allowance for the employment of non-working job seekers by the local , Regional community governments, by certain employers in the non-commercial sector, education between 1 June 2020 and 30 September 2020 are suspended. Introduction of Article 16, fourth paragraph, of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 19 December 2002 implementing the implementation of the Decree of 25 April2002 concerning the allowances to promote the employment of non-working job seekers through the local, regional and community governments, by certain employers in the non-commercial sector, education, and other legal provisions, the calculation of the net increase is of it Total employment volume that the administration carries out every year on the birthday of the notification of the decision, b Epinst to periods that do not fall between 1 June 2020 and 30 September 2020. Including Article 21, seventh paragraph, of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 19 December 2002 to implement the Decree of 25 April 2002 on the allowances to promote the employment of Non-working jobseekers by the local, regional and community governments, by certain employers in the non-commercial sector, education, and other legal provisions, limits the calculation of the enforcement of the total employment volume, which each year on the birthday of the Decree The administration is implemented, to the comparison of the reference setting with the average number of employees, expressed in full -time equivalents, the four quarters of the decision of the decision were committed, the period between 1 June 2020 and 30 September 2020. As the employer there oneg Employed requeststhe Minister of Employment may deviate from the condition referred to in Article 2, § 3, of the Decree of 25 April 2002 on the allowances for promoting the employment of non-working job seekers by the local, regional and community governments, by certain employers in the non-non-employers Commercial sector, education, when the calculation of Hentotal Employment Volume the period between 1 June 2020 and 30 September 2020 in whole or partial vessels, provided that the decrease in total employment volume is the result of the economic consumers of the epidemic of COVID-19.Art . 3. The periods of six months referred to in Articles24 and 31 of the Decree of 25 April 2002 on the allowances to promote the employment of non-working job seekers by the local, regional and community governments, by certain employers in the non-commercial sector, the Education, are suspended between May 1, 2020 and 30 September2020.Art. 4. Contrary to Article 12 of the Walloon Government Decree of 19 December2002 implementing the Decree of 25 April 2002 on the allowances for the promotion of the commencement of non-working job seekers by the local, regional and community authorities, by certain employers in The non-commercial sector, education, and other legal provisions without prejudice to the applicable rules of labor law, the obligation to comply with the positions that are determined in the decision to grant the A.P.E. support, suspended 1 June 2020 and 30 September 2020. Department 2. - SESAM -Regelingart. 5. Contrary to Article 8, third paragraph, of the Decree of 14 February 2019 on the subsidies for promoting the employment of non-working job seekers with some companies, the award decision for which the company does not have a jobseeker has not taken up within the set period, whereby the subsidy can be settled, not taken into account for the application of Article 8 (2) of the Decree of 14 February 2019 on the subsidies to promote the employment of not working jobseekers at some companies when the set deadlines between 1 October2020 and 31 December 2020 have passed.art. 6. The obligations referred to in Article 12, §1, first paragraph, 2 °, 3 ° and 4 ° of the Decree of 14 February 2019 on the subsidies to promote the employment of non-working jobseekers in some companies will be between 1 June2020 and September 30, 2020 suspended.art. 7. The periods of six months referred to in Article13, §§ 1 and 2, of the Decree of 14 February 2019 on the subsidies for promoting the employment of non-working job seekers in some companies are suspended between 1 May 2020 and 30 September 2020. Department 3. - Support scheme for the purpose of the Target Group. 8. For the purposes of the Decree of 2 February 2017 on the support of employment of the target groups, between 1 June 2020 and 30 June 2021 with a long -term job seeker, the meaning of Article 4 of the Decree of 2 February 2017 on the support for employment benefit of the target groups equalized, the jobseeker who has worked as an artist in the four quarters prior to the quarter of his commencement of employment. Introculars who have worked as an artist as an artist, is understood to mean any person who is registered before his commencement of employment. Wallon de la Formation Professional et de l'Emploi "(Walloon Service for Vocational Training and Employment Mediation), hereinafter referred to as" Forem ", and that has performed that work performance indicated at the National Social Security Service under the code" 046 ".Art.9. In addition to the suspension clauses stated in Article 10 of the same decree, the allocation of the work payment stated in Articles 3 and 4 of the same decree is suspended when the person concerned is temporarily unemployed in the period between 1 June 2020 and 31 December 2020. The suspension is automatically lifted as soon as the Period of temporary unemployment and at the latest on 31 December2020.kapstem III. - Measures regarding the neighborhood services department 1. - Regulation of the local employment agencies. 10. Contrary to Article 79, §9, first paragraph, 2 °, of the Royal Decree of 25 November 1991 containing the unemployment regulations, a maximum of fifty percent of the amount intended for financing the formations of the unemployed people who are registered At the Local Employment Agency, hereinafter referred to as PWA, the purchase of paramedical, medical and health equipment and products are used for the protection of PWA staffIncluding the posted staff members of Forem and the employees who work in the context of a PWA work agreement. The first paragraph only applies exclusively to income for which PWA does notify the obligation of Article79, § 9, paragraph 1, 2 at the latest on 31 December 2020 at the latest on 31 December 2020 °, must have paid and provided that the purchases referred to in paragraph 1 are made in the period from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020.Art. 11. Contrary to article 79, § 9, third paragraph, of the Royal Decree of 25 November 1991 on the unemployment regulations, the unused balance of the amount for financing the training for the unemployed in the agency, for the income for which the PWA at the latest on 31 December 2020 on the obligation of Article 79, § 9, first paragraph, 2 °, must have paid, forem paid. Foremem the amounts consisting of the sum of the unused balances referred to in the first paragraph, Financing the training expenses for PWA employees and unemployed registered with the PWA, above twenty-five percent of the income for which the PWA must have the obligation of Article 79, § 9, first paragraph, 2 °, of the same decree by 31 December 2020 at the latest on 31 December 2020 satisfied, without prejudice to 10, first paragraph. The PWA that wishes to be eligible for the financing referred to in paragraph 2, must submit an application to FO at the latest on 1 July 2021 REM and provides the supporting documents for the extra formation expenditure that were made during the year 2020. As a result of the number of PWAs die have submitted a request and, in relation to the amount of their extra expenses, foremde financing equally about the agencies that Their expenses within the term reply referred to in paragraph 3. The finance granted to the agency may in no way have the training costs actually incurred. Department 2. - Regulation on the Service Checker.12. The Walloon Region grants an allowance for the months of March, April and May 2020 to the recognized enterprise in Article 2, § 1, 6 °, of the Law of 20 July 2001 to promote neighborhood services, in order to remunerate, including the remuneration, including of the relevant contributions, of the Service Check employees of the company recognized by the Walloon Region, which was actually worn by Hetwaalse Regest in the months concerned, as well as the other expenditures arising from the service check activity, in whole or in part. 13. The monthly amount of the statement referred to in Article 12 is equal to (A - B) X C Where: 1 ° "A" is the same as the number of hours that the recognized company has paid for all its service check employees during the month concerned; 2 ° "B" is equal to the number of service checks that correspond to the performance that the employees of the recognized company have granted during the month concerned; 3 ° "C" is equal to 16.86 euros for the month of June, 15.86 for the month of July and 14.86 for the month of August. The number of hours for which the recognized company will receive an allowance for each service check employee during the month concerned, may not be larger than the number of hours actually paid or the affordable number between: 1 ° the number of hours laid down in the employment contract of the Service Check employee, including the appendices, applicable during the week of 9 March 2020, divided by seven multiplied by the number of calendar days in the month for which the company for its subsidy application entry; 2 ° the number of hours paid from the service check employee during the favorable month in 2019.Art. 14. To be eligible for the allowance referred to in Article 12, shared the recognized company to the company that issues service checks for the Walloon Region, no later than thirty days after the end of the month concerned, the number of hours paid for each service check employee. Article 13 calculated is paid by the company that issues service checks for the Waalsegewest within ten working days after the notification referred to in the first. If the number of hours paid by the recognized company in accordance with the first paragraph, is higher than the in Article 13, Second paragraph, determined Maxima, the resulting difference in the calculation of the allowance by Forem is reclaimed with all legal means. Art.15. In the meaning of Articles 12, 13 and 14, the Service Check employee is understood to meanthe Werknemermet An employment contract for service checks within the meaning of Article 7bis of the Law of 20 July 2001 Tot promotion of neighborhood services and jobs and for the achievements he performs in the Walloon Region. - Measures on regional shipments for job placement art. 16. Detwestal shipments for job placement recognized under the Decree of 11 March 2004 Recognition and subsidization of the regional shipments for employment mediation: 1 ° a subsidy equal to the number of full -time equivalents who are taking the regional mediation in the service, multiplied by 350, multiplied by 350, multiplied by 350 intended for the purchase of paramedical, medical and plumbing equipment and products, as well as the costs for the sanitary maintenance of the classrooms paid by DeGewestelijke Mission for employment mediation between 1 January 2020 and 31 December 2020; 2 ° a one -off exceptional subsidy of 5,000 euros for the purchase of computer equipment and hardwareom to be able to carry out the activities remotely from the regional shipment for employment mediation.art.17. The allowances referred to in Article 16 are paid by the "Office Wallon de La Formation Professional de l'Emploi" on the basis of a declaration sent by the regional shipment. of the decision of the Walloon Government of 27 May 2009 totation of the Decree of 11 March 2004 on recognition and subsidization of the regional readings for employment mediation, the evidence of the expenditure referred to in Article 16.de in Article 16, 2 °, Expenditure referred to are deemed to have been written off for the year 2020. Deten injunction is proven by the "Office Wallon de la Formation Professionnelle et de l'Emploi" in any way reclaimed, including compensation for each legal remedy, compensation included . 18. For the purposes of Article 16, paragraph 6, of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 27 May 2009 implementing the decree of 11 March 2004 on reconciliation and the subsidization of regional shipments for employment mediation, and in deviation from article 1, first paragraph, 2 ° of the same decision, for the subsidy with regard to the year 2020, is deemed to be intended in the relationship, the beneficiary who has practiced professional activity the framework of one or more employment contracts with a total duration of at least six months In the running of the twelve months after the signing of the first employment contract, excluding the runway and entry -level reliefs. Chapter V. - Measures on Social Economy Department1. - Scaling company. 19. Contrary to Article 20 of the Decree of 20 October 2016 on the recognition of the initiatives of the social economy and the recognition and the subsidization of the engagement companies and of Article 18, § 1 of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 21 May 2017 The Decree of 20 October 2016 on the recognition of the initiatives of the Social Economy and the recognition and the subsidization of the engagement companies does not exceed 50 % of the wage costs for a maximum of 18 months from the employment of a vulnerable employee, or over a period of a maximum of 30 months from the employment of an extremely vulnerable employee, when the months of June 2020 to September 2020 have been included in whole or in part those maximum periods. The months of June 2020 to September 2020 are not taken into account when determining of the wage costs referred to in the first paragraph.art.20. Contrary to Article 18, § 2, of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 24 May 2017, the decree of 20 October 2016 on the recognition of the initiatives of social economy and the recognition and subsidization of the engagement companies, the proofs of the grant of one hundred percent of the subsidy referred to in Article 19 of the Decree of 20 October 2016 recognition of the initiatives of the social economy and the recognition and the subsidization of the engagement companies, corresponding to the payment of wage costs over a period of eighteen months from the date of recruitment of a vulnerable employee and over a period of thirty months for an extremely vulnerable employeeWhen the months of March to August 2020 are fully or partially included in these periods. Department2. - Initiatives for the development of employment in the neighborhood services sector with a social target art. 21. For the purposes of Article 2 of the Decree of 14 December 2006, recognition and the subsidization of the "Initiatives de Dévelpification de l'Emploi Dans Le Secteur Desservices de Proximité à Finalité Social" (Initiatives to develop employment in desector of The neighborhood services with a social purpose), abbreviated: "I.D.E.S.S.", includes social transport, between 1 June 2020 and 31 December 2020, the transport of goods for the beneficiary intended in Article 1, first paragraph, 4 °, of the Decree of December 14, 2006 concerning the recognitions The subsidization of the "Initiatives de Dévelpification de l'Emploi dance le Secteur des Services de Proximitéà Finalité Social" (Initiatives for the development of employment in the Sector of Buurtdiensten with a social goal), abbreviated: "I.D.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.S. ". The transport of goods referred to in the first paragraph includes transport for the benefit of the beneficiaries, of food and basic branches iggren, as well as the transport of laundry.art. 22. Contrary to Article 11, § 1, paragraph 1, 3 and 4 of the Decree of 21 June 2007, the Decree of 14 December2006 on the recognition and subsidization of the "Initiatives de Dévelpement de L" Emploi Dansle Secteur des Services de Proximité à Finalité Social "(Initiatives for the development of employment in the Sector of neighborhood services with a social purpose), abbreviated:" I.D.E.S.S. ", is the amount of the allowance with regard to the year 2020, referred to in article, referred to in article 11, § 1, paragraph 1, 3 and 4, of the same decision calculated on the basis of the year 2020, excluding the months of June to August2020, divided by two and multiplied by four if the amount thus obtained is greater than the amount on the basis of all months of 2020 is obtained. Chapter VI. - Final provisionsart.23. This Decree has elaboration on 1 June 2020 with the exception: 1 ° of Articles 3 and7 that have elaboration on 1 May 2020; 2 ° of Articles 10, 16, 18 and 22 who elaborate on January 1, 2020.Art. 24. The Minister of Employment, Training, charged with the social economy, is responsible for the implementation of this decision. Names, 16 June 2020. For derehreges: the Prime Minister, e. Di Rupode Minister of Employment, Training, Health, Social Action, Equal Opportunities and Women's Rights, Ch. CorreationPublication: 2020-06-26Numac: 2020041907waalse Government Service16 June 2020.-Decision of the Walloon Government of Special Powers No. 51 on the finishing measures COVID-19 on employment and socioprofessional engagement, social economy including COVID-19 government The present Belgium present the current and coming rules, taken to limit the spread of the virus among the population, are of such a nature that they slow down any form of activity on the territory of the Walloon Region. In addition to the impact on health, this health crisis has Also - and still - an important economic impact in Wallonia, which mainly affects our most vulnerable citizens. That is why it is essential in this context of reducing the lockdown to take measures to resume activities aimed at restoring positive, structural and transversal dynamics in the field of employment and socio-professional engaging. In order to be taken into account with the dimension of equal opportunities and rights of women, which are particularly represented in these sectors. The sectors, regulations and services intended in the draft decision to meet essentialsocial and/or/or offer employment, Especially for vulnerable employee who have been hit hard by the crisis. A series of measures have been taken to catch the shock of the crisis, to keep employees at work, to support initiatives to continue the services to those fellow citizens and to limit the consequences of the health crisis and to limit the consequences of consequences as much as possible. It is now necessary to supervise the resumption or continuation of the activities, which will have to be organized with the strict observance of the National Security Council, whether it concerns the rules of Socialdistance or the health measures recommended by Sciensano in the context of The reduction of delockdown.This design decision of special powers relates to a number of specific measures on employment and sociopophessional engaging, including in the field of desocial economy, to support the resumption of the activities in the context of the gradual reduction of Delockdown . This measure n are intended to take into account the consequences of the crisis and the partial resumption of the activities on the regulation for support of the employment and the regulations thereof, in order to temporarily adjust this to the exceptional situation with which we are dealing with. They are also intended to support neighborhood services and services for socio -professional integration, also in the field of the social economy, which meet the social services of the most vulnerable citizens. Pursuant to Article 1 of the Decree of 17 March2020 to the granting of special powers to the Walloon Government in the context of the Health Crisiscovid-19, the government is authorized to take all appropriate measures for any situation that forms a problem in the strict framework of the pandemic of COVID-19 and its consequences to prevent and tackle that, under penalty of serious danger, the urgency of the measures is justified by the fact that, despite the improvement of the situation, the strict compliance with the health measures must be maintained; that, in order to slow and limit the spread of the virus, it is necessary to immediately increase the recommended measures that appear to be essential from the point of view of public health; that the direct or indirect consequences of the crisis require fast management and a rapid response to regional level; that the crisis bring the sectors for employment and engagement, also in the field of the social economy, in the caught jug; that it is essential to supervise the resumption of the activities with dem measures that are necessary to pursue the objectives of these schemes; that the planned measures are dismantled to guarantee the employment and preservation of the performance -based performance -based; that the planned measures have direct consequences of the beneficiaries, who must be informedPublication: 2020-06-26Numac: 2020041907waalse Government Service16 June 2020.-Decision of the Walloon Government of Special Powers No. 51 on the finishing measures COVID-19 on employment and socioprofessional engagement, social economy including COVID-19 government The present Belgium present the current and coming rules, taken to limit the spread of the virus among the population, are of such a nature that they slow down any form of activity on the territory of the Walloon Region. In addition to the impact on health, this health crisis has Also - and still - an important economic impact in Wallonia, which mainly affects our most vulnerable citizens. That is why it is essential in this context of reducing the lockdown to take measures to resume activities aimed at restoring positive, structural and transversal dynamics in the field of employment and socio-professional engaging. In order to be taken into account with the dimension of equal opportunities and rights of women, which are particularly represented in these sectors. The sectors, regulations and services intended in the draft decision to meet essentialsocial and/or/or offer employment, Especially for vulnerable employee who have been hit hard by the crisis. A series of measures have been taken to catch the shock of the crisis, to keep employees at work, to support initiatives to continue the services to those fellow citizens and to limit the consequences of the health crisis and to limit the consequences of consequences as much as possible. It is now necessary to supervise the resumption or continuation of the activities, which will have to be organized with the strict observance of the National Security Council, whether it concerns the rules of Socialdistance or the health measures recommended by Sciensano in the context of The reduction of delockdown.This design decision of special powers relates to a number of specific measures on employment and sociopophessional engaging, including in the field of desocial economy, to support the resumption of the activities in the context of the gradual reduction of Delockdown . This measure n are intended to take into account the consequences of the crisis and the partial resumption of the activities on the regulation for support of the employment and the regulations thereof, in order to temporarily adjust this to the exceptional situation with which we are dealing with. They are also intended to support neighborhood services and services for socio -professional integration, also in the field of the social economy, which meet the social services of the most vulnerable citizens. Pursuant to Article 1 of the Decree of 17 March2020 to the granting of special powers to the Walloon Government in the context of the Health Crisiscovid-19, the government is authorized to take all appropriate measures for any situation that forms a problem in the strict framework of the pandemic of COVID-19 and its consequences to prevent and tackle that, under penalty of serious danger, the urgency of the measures is justified by the fact that, despite the improvement of the situation, the strict compliance with the health measures must be maintained; that, in order to slow and limit the spread of the virus, it is necessary to immediately increase the recommended measures that appear to be essential from the point of view of public health; that the direct or indirect consequences of the crisis require fast management and a rapid response to regional level; that the crisis bring the sectors for employment and engagement, also in the field of the social economy, in the caught jug; that it is essential to supervise the resumption of the activities with dem measures that are necessary to pursue the objectives of these schemes; that the planned measures are dismantled to guarantee the employment and preservation of the performance -based performance -based; that the planned measures have direct consequences of the beneficiaries, which must be informed; That every delay will cause the realization of the objectives they have pursued. That decision of special powers must therefore be adopted as soon as possible so that the measures contained therein entirely consequently and the deadlines and reduction modalities set by the National Safety Council. The draft decision consists of 6 chapters3 of which are subdivided into different departments. - General provisions in Article 1, a general provision is taken over in which it is determined that any allowance referred to in this Decree may not exceed the costs of the beneficiary. - Measures regarding employment department 1 - Support regulation Promotion of employment (A.P.E.) Article 2, first paragraph, apart between 1 Junien 30 September The obligation regarding enforcement and the increase of the global employment volume. The aim of this suspension is to prevent employers from being sanctioned twice in the event of a reduction in the number of employees as a result of the consequences of the health crisis covid-19.deleds 2 and 3, respectively for the employers of the sector of the local boards and In Deniet-commercial sector, the modalities for the verification of compliance with the total volume set adjust to the suspension referred to in paragraph 1. Pursuant to the fourth paragraph, employers (local boards) who, despite the suspension have not been able to meet their global employment volume interests due to the consequences of the health crisis in the medium term, can request a ministerial deviation. Such a possibility already exists for employers in deniet-commercial sector. Article 3 Shares the periods that are imposed on employers to hire a non-working job seeker after the allocation of a new decision to grant the APE support or in the event of Replacement of an employee who has left the company. This provision intended to prevent the employer from losing the benefit of his decision when he forced to postpone the initially planned recruitment because of the emergence of the health crisiscovid-13. This suspension comes into force on 1 May 2020 to prevent employers from which the decision In May, the benefit of the suspension will be excluded. Items it makes it possible to temporarily deviate from Article 12 of the APE decision and with due observance of labor law, from respecting the functions in the context of the A.P.E.- Supports are granted to take into account the consequences of the health crisis for the organization of the work. Department2. -Sesam support article 5 deviates from taking inactive Sesame decisions (i.e., decisions that the employer has not made use of, despite the award, and that Hijdus has lost) in the context of the analysis of a new support request by The employer isingediend. The Articles 6 and 7, such as Articles 3 and 4 for the APE, suspend for the same periods and for the same reasons the obligations regarding the global employment volume and the recruitment times. Department 3. - Support for the purpose of the target group article 8 sets job seekers who are active in the dartistic sector equal to long-term job seekers, so that they can enjoy the "Impulsion support". The aim is to facilitate access to the scheme for a category employee who have been affected in particular by the crisis and which are difficult to meet the conditions for access due to the characteristics of their performance. of the recruitment of performance indicated under the R.S.Z.O. code 046 may be eligible for the equalization. The equalization lasts until 30 June 2021, since the reorganization of the artistic sector will have to be extended over time, the restrictions for the artistic sector do not yet have a clear timetable. Events with large numbers of people are still prohibited and will probably be affected by the health crisis for a long time, which will serve artists and in particular young people who are severely disadvantaged now or in the coming months. In Article 9, temporary unemployment is taken over and only of the reasons of the suspension of the granting of support. This makes it possible to suspend the duration where the employee/jobseeker can enjoy the "impulsion support. The purpose of this measure is to prevent the maximum grant duration of the maximum granting with periods of temporary unemployment when the employee does not activate receives. The effect of the measure is related to the enforcement by the federal government of the temporary unemployment possibilities Covid-19that have already been extended until 31 August 2020. The measure applies until 31 December to a possible extension of the temporary unemployment measures by the federal government cover. Chapter III. -Measures regarding the neighborhood services department 1. -Place employment agencies (ALE) Article 10 differs from the rule according to which PWAs must spend 25% of their income on the training of PWA employees and the unemployed who have been registered with the agency. For the year 2020, 50% of the amount designated for the formation may be used to cover the health expenses that the PWAs have borne after the crisis COVID-19. This provision comes into effect on January 1, 2020 as the expenditure in connection with the Sanitary material before 1 comes June 2020 may have been done and may have already been done in March, even earlier if prevention measures had already been taken; Article 11 stipulates that unused training funds, which are therefore reclaimed, will be allocated to the local agencies that have additional training costs in the course of the year 2020 have been made. These amounts will be redistributed on the same basis in 2021, in proportion to the additional expenses and, depending on the number of requests submitted by the PWAs, in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 12. Section 2. - Service check -in -article 12 stipulates that service check companies receive an allowance for employees they have held in despite the inability to perform their performance in the context of the service check. The aim is to compensate the costs of maintaining employment when the companies are not to enjoy the income related to their activities. Item13 determines the way in which the amount of the allowance is calculated, taking into account the employment contracts of the employees, the Number of service checks issued during the course of the month and the planned amount of the regional contribution on an hourly basis, on a degressive basis, for the months of June, July and August2020. This measure is intended to protect employees and to facilitate the organization of the work within the company with a view to the partial and gradual resumption of destination. Article 14 stipulates the procedure that must be followed to be intended for this contribution. Article 15 determines what is intended with service check employees, referring to the applicable regulations. Chapter IV. - Measures relating to regional shipments for employment mediation (MIRE) Article 16 provides for the grant of an allowance in favor of the MIRE (regional shipments for employment) to cover, on the one hand, the health, medical and paramedical costs and the costs for the maintenance of The health crisis resulting and on the other hand, the purchase of computer equipment to make the performance down. , Even earlier if preventive measures had already been taken. In Article 17, the procedure for the allocation of this allowance is determined. Article 18 Relocates one of the conditions with regard to the determination of the amount of the allowance in favor of the Mire, which depends of the number of job seekers engaged by De Mire And that came to the labor market. It can be deduced from Article 19 that this condition has been met after 3 months of performance on the basis of an employment contract instead of 6 months. This article comes into effect on January 1, 2020Since the COVID-19 crisis has had an impact on the chances of engaging in work seekers as soon as it has occurred on Belgian territory and therefore before 1 June 2020.kapreukv. - Social Economy Department 1. - Measures regarding the engagement companies the objective of Article 19 is to take into account the consequences of any enforcement or suspension of the employment contracts of vulnerable employees and extremely vulnerable employees in engagement companies. can enjoy a certain period. Article 20 makes it possible to extend this period and not to take the calculation of this intensity into account the months of June to September 2020. In article 20, the rules for the proof of the allocation of the allowance to the extension of Dein Article 20 are period adapted. Department 6 - Initiatives for the development of the employment in the Sector of Neighborhood Services with a social purpose (i.d.e.s.s.s) Article21 allows the idess to expand their activities with regard to the social transport of persons that of goods when this transport of goods intended is to do the shopping or transport of the laundry of the beneficiaries of the services of the Idess. This is intended to help the beneficiaries of the idess and to prevent them from carrying out non-essential trips. This extension is valid between 1 June and 31 December 2020. article 22 is aimed at the allowance of the Idess for the months of June to August 2020, since the amount of these allowances will be influenced by the crisis while the costs incurred are the same Remained. The calculation is made on an annual basis, it will have an effect on the entire year 2020.kondstukvi. - Final provisions article 23 provides for the entry into force of the Decree on 1 June 2020, with the exception of Articles 3 and 7, which entered into force on January 1, 2020, and Articles 10.16, 18 and 22, which on January 1, 2020 in effect. The aim of the retroactive strength to ensure coherence between the entry into force of the decision and the temporality of the consequences of his articles. This retroactive effect makes it possible to respond to the needs in connection with the reduction of the lockdown and arising From the COVID-19 crisis and the different moments on which the consequences were felt. Retroactive power is essential to ensure that the objectives of the decision are achieved. Moreover, this retroactive force does detract from the rights of third parties and, on the contrary, it is favorable for them. Article 24 Minister of Employment charged with the implementation of this Decree. Advice of the Council of State No. 67.537/4 of 11 June 2020 Department Legislative on 4 June 2020, the Council of State, Division, was by the Vice-Minister President and Minister of Employment , Formation, health, social action, equal opportunities and women's rights of the Walloon Region requested that within a period of five working days to issue advice on a draft decision by the Walloon government 'of special powers no. With regard to employment and socioprofessional integration, social economy included. The design was examined by the fourth Chamber 11 June 2020. The Chamber was composed of Martine Baguet, chairwoman of the Chamber, Luc Cambieren Bernard Blero, state councils, and Anne-Catherine van Geersdaele, Griffier . Report was made by Véronique Schmitz, auditor. The advice with the text below was issued on 11 June2020. According to Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws `on the Council of State ', coordinated on January 12, 1973, the request for advice in particular must be given the motives that justify the urgent character. As follows: "Dedring necessity is reasoned as follows: Whereas the direct and unumenical consequences of the crisis require a management and a rapid response to regional level; predominantly the lockdown period has endangered the sectors and regulations for employment, Socioprofessional Social Economics has endangeredas well as the objectives that are nagged with these regulations; in view of the consequences in the medium term of the crisis COVID-19 and the effect of the safety measures that still apply to the aforementioned regulations; predominantly the resumption of the activities in the context of the finishing of the lockdown therefore accompanied by the necessary measures to pursue the objectives of the aforementioned regulation; mostly the measures foreseen are indispensable to guarantee the employment and enforcement of social performance resulting from these regulations; given the urgency of the implementation of these Measures to achieve the intended goal and , 3 °, of the laws `on the Council of State ' , coordinated on January 12, 1973, the legislative hair department is limited to the legal basis of the draft, to the competence of the stater of the deed and to complete the prior form requirements, in accordance with Article 84, § 3, of the aforementioned laws. On these three Points gives the design to the following comments. Provisional remarks1. It follows from Article 5 of the Decree of 17 March 2020 'for the award of Special Fines to the Walloon Government in the context of the Health Crisis COVID-19' that "the authorization is given to the government for three months is valid for three months the entry into force of "(first paragraph) and that" the period is determined in paragraph 1 is one single time, for an equivalent per duration "(second paragraph). Contrary to the Decree, the entry into force on March 15, 2020 took place. Advice from the legislation department is issued, the stater of the text must be made remarkable that it can only be assumed if the government still has the special powers. Zoniet has the designed text not a right basis (1) .2. In accordance with Article 3, § 2, of the Decree of 17 March 2020, the draft decision to the Bureau of Parliament are communicated before its publication in the Belgian Official Gazette. provisions 31 December 2020 (Articles 10.11 and 22), 30 June 2021 (Article 9) or 1 July 2021 (Article 12). Accounting with the explanation of the draft decision and in the Walloon Government Memorandum this regulation may be deemed to be in principle to participate in the measures that the government may take on the basis of Article 1, §1, of the Decree of 17 March 2020, namely all useful measures to prevent and treat any situation that causes problems in the strict framework of the COVID-19 Pandemie and its consequences and who urgently need to be treated on pain of serious danger. " December 1, 2020, and A Fortiori who are not too far away from 30 June 2021 or 1 July 2021 to be considered objective and reasonably justified in the light of the limitations-that of the "strict framework of the COVID-19 Pandemie and The consequences "- to which Article 1, § 1, of the Decree of 17 March 2020 grants the implementation of the special powers that it grants it to the government. Indeed, it is not currently not possible to determine with certainty at what time the application of the measures to limit the distribution of COVID19, including the end of the finishing measures, will be terminated, but an earlier datezou can still be considered in light of the proposed objective. The draft decision on this point can be justified. If not, it will be revised (2). Special remarks. In the preamble of a decision, the first provisions to be referred to are referred toThe provisions that stretch the draft to legal basis. The decree of 17 March2020 must therefore form the first paragraph of the preamble.2. The first paragraph will be omitted that it refers to Article 39 of the Constitution. SCHIPING SPECIAL ARTICLE 1 STUT DRIVATE SECTION ALSO A BEMADED BY THE WALLE Region in regional matters must contain the mention referred to in Article 1. This provision - which also wrongly refers to "this decree" - must therefore be omitted. Article 5 The question of Article5 the Minister's delegate indicated the following: "Article 5 of the draft decision that provides for the possibility of deviating of the functions that were awarded in deviation from Article 12 of the Hetape Decree of 19 December 2002: that Article 12 stipulates that the employer may request a change in his decision of the award of the APE support. In the decisions to grant the Ape- support is indicated which functions are granted to the employer and which he must live. The purpose of Article 5 of the draft decision is to enable the employer to temporarily change the positions performed by his employee. Under normal circumstances, the change of the functions the subject of a request, in accordance with Article 12, insofar as they have influence on the award decision. It therefore seems to us That the possibility of temporary changes without requesting the functions is a deviation from Article 12 of the APE decision of 19-December 2002 ". article 5 has been formulated in the sense that it must apply" without prejudice to the rules that apply to the employment law ". It follows that" Article 5 makes it possible to temporarily and with due observance of labor law, to deviate from the respect of defunctions granted in the context of the A.P.E. support to take into account the consequences of the health crisis for the organization of the work and to encourage employees to continue working ". Ten Slotte extends that from 1 June 2020, a measure that has been an identical to the measure that has been provided for in Article 34 of the Decree of the Walloon Government of Special Powers No. 11 of 31 March 2020 'concerning various provisions on employment, education and soci -professional engaging, social economy, consequently, it may be assumed that Article 5 of the draft aims to deviate from Article 12 of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 19 December 2002 to implement the Decree of 25 April 2002 in relation to the promotion of the employment of the employment of the employment non-working job seekers by the local, regional and community governments, by certain employers in the non-commercial sector, the teaching of other legal provisions' report to the government will be supplemented with these precisions. Articles of first paragraph will be displayed as a deviation of Article 10 of the Decree of 2 February 2017 'concerning the support for employment for the target groups'. It goes on an additional reason to suspend the allocation of the support in addition to the support provided for in this provision, and not for a deviation. Article 10 will be revised accordingly. Article 12th the fourth paragraph stipulates that "for EM, depending on the number of applications, distributed the financing to the agencies that account for their expenses within the period referred to in paragraph 3. Up to the amount of the expenses and/or up to the number of agencies that the mechanism has made use. Article 12 will be clarified on this point. the words "au sens de l'Article 1er, Alinéa 1er, 9 °, the l'rrêté royal du 12 décembre 2001 group les titres services" are replaced by the words "au sens de l'Article 7bis de la Loi du 20 Juillet 2001 ". Article 19 article 19 Zouer benefits to be supplemented to determine that it deviates from Article 1, first paragraph, 2 ° of the Decree of 27 May 2009 'to implement the Dec. Reet of 11 March 2004 on deer recognition and the subsidization of regional shipments for employment '"that defines the concept of" sustainable and high -quality relationship "of which is deviated from. "Intensité de l'Aide", the words "Visée à l'Article 19 du décret du 20 Octobre 2016 relatif à l'Agrément des initiatives d'économiesocial et à l'Agrément et au subvention of the entertprises d'intion "to be deleted because an overlap with the start of the article it is intended to deviate from Article 20 of the same decree and that is the provision in which the conditions for the intensity of the support is laid down.2. The second paragraph has been drawn up in such a way that the months of the months' of March are taken into account in the calculation of the intensity until August 2020 ". The discussion of article 20 must be revised in the sense that the months" June to September 2020 "are given as a period. Item is the discussion of Article 22 that the social transport between 1 June 2020 and 31 December 2020 follows the transport of Goods for the benefit of the beneficiaries in Article 1, first paragraph, 4 °, of the Decree of 14 December 2006 "concerning the recognition and disubbing of the" Initiatives The De L'Emploi Dans Le Secteur des Services de Proximitéà Finalité Social "(initiatives for the development of employment in the neighborhood services with a social purpose), abbreviated:" i.d.e.s.s. ", and more specifically the shopping of the laundry, can include. To bring this expansion of the concept of "social transport" into line with the legal basis of the specified text and to prevent Het Nakt as the transport of other types of goods, Article 22 will be supplemented with the determining the type of transport of goods that is being considered. Article 23 In contrast to the disposing part that excludes the months "from March to August 2020", indicates the discussion of Article 23 that the aim is to the Idess subsidies "for the months of June to July "To be released. This contradiction must be eliminated. Article 24 article 24 provides an entry into force on the day on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. However, it is recovery provisions, in the sense that they enter into force on January 1, 2020 (Articles 11 and 17 to 19), March 1, 2020 (Articles 20 and 21), 1 May 2020 (Articles 4 and 8) or 1 June 2020 (Articles 3, 5, 7, 9, 10, 13 to 16 and 22). Since the legislative department in its advice No 67.142 /AG of 25 March 2020 (3) has noticed, "the retroactive effect may be single -person if it is indispensable for the achievement of an objective of general interest (4). If, moreover, it appears that the retroactive effect results in the end of legal procedures In a specific sense, it is influenced or that judicial lectures are prevented from contradicting a question of law, requires the nature of the principle that exceptional conditions offer an account of the rise n of the legislator, which citizens to the detriment of a category of a category of the jurisdictional guarantees that are offered to all (5). "The report to the government must contain the appropriate justifications regarding the retroactive effect of the decorated provisions. In this context, the be useful to state the similar measures that were taken, in particular in the context of the decision of the Walloon Government of 31 March 2020 of special powers no. 11 'concerning various provisions regarding employment, education and sociopophessional engagement, social economy including', for the period from 1 March2020 to 31 May 2020 (6), and they will be repeated in the designed text from 1 June 2020.Degiier, Anne-Catherine by Geersdaelede chairwoman, Martine Baguet _______cates1s unless the government is assumed about ordinary powers has fulfilled for all provisions of the draft and all prior formalities.2 See, in the same sense, advisory number. 67,526/4, given on 9 June 2020 on a draft decision from the Walloon government of special powers'r. Xx organizing the public participation of the public instead of the prior information meeting for certain projects referred to in Book I of the Environmental Tetbook'.3 Advice no.67.142/AG given on 25 March 2020 on the proposal that the law of 27 March 2020 is Become 'that authorization to the king to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronaviruscovid-19' (I and II) ', http://www.raadvst-consetat.be/dbx/avis/67142.pdf. 4 Footnote No. 22van Before Advice: settled case law of the Constitutional Court, see in particular: G.H., 21 November2013, no. 158/2013, B.24.2; G.H., December 19, 2013, no. 172/2013, B.22; G.H., January 29, 2014, no.18/2014, B.10; G.H., 9 October 2014, no. 146/2014, B.10.1; G.H., January 22, 2015, no. 1/2015, B.4; G.H., 7 May 2015, no. 54/2015, B.12; G.H., January 14, 2016, no. 3/2016, B.22; G.H., 3 February 2016, nr. 16/2016, B.12.1; G.H.April 28, 2016, no. 58/2016, B.9.2; G.H., 9 February 2017, no. 15/2017, B.9.2.5voetnot no. 23 of the above advice: settled case law of the Constitutional Court. See for example: G.H., November 21, 2013, no. 158/2013, B.24.2; G.H., 9 October 2014, no. 146/2014, B.10.1; G.H., 28 May 2015, nr. 77/2015, B.4.1; G.H., 24 March 2016, no. 48/2016, B.6; G.H., 6 October 2016, no. 126/2016, b.7.3.6zie Articles 33, 34, 36, 19, §§ 1, 2 and 5, which must be associated with Articles 3, 5, 7, respectively, respectively 10, 20, 21 and 23 of the draft.16 June 2020. -Decree of the Walloon Government of Special Powers No. 51 on the finishing measures COVID -19 Intaken Employment and Sociopfessional engagement, social economy including Walloon Seal, given the Decree of 17 March 2020 Awarding special powers to Dewaalse Government in the context of the Health Crisis COVID-19, Article 1, § 1; in view of the decree of 25 April 2002 on the allowances for promoting the employment of non-working job seekers by the local, regional and Community governments, by certain employers in the non-commercial sector, education; Having regard to the decision of 14 December2006 on recognition and subsidization of the "Initiatives de Dévelpification de l'Emploi Dansle Secte UR des Services de Proximité à Finalité Sociale "(Initiatives for the development of employment in the Sector of Buurtdiensten with a social goal), abbreviated" i.d.e.s.s. and the subsidization of the engagement companies; in view of the decree of 2februari 2017 on the support for employment for the target groups; in view of the decree of 14 February 2019 on the subsidies to promote the employment of not working at some companies; the Royal Decree of 25-November 1991 containing the unemployment regulations; in view of the decision of the Walloon Government of 19 December 2002 to implement the decree of 25 April 2002 on the allowance for the employment of non-working jobseekers by the local, regional government, do of certain employers in the non-commercial sector, education and of other legal provisions; in view of the decision of 24 May 2017 implementing the Decree of 20 October 2016 on the recognition of the initiatives of the social economy and the recognition and subsidization of the engagement companies; In view of the decision of 24 May 2017 for the implementation of the Decree of 20 October 2016 on the recognition of the initiatives of social economies, the recognition and subsidization of the engagement companies; given the advice of the Inspector of Finance, given on 3 June 2020; on the approval of the minister of budget, given on 4 June 2020; in view of the report of 3 June 2020, drawn up in accordance with the decree of 11 April 2014, the implementation of the Women's Conference Pan de United Nations that in September 1995 in Beijing took place and to integrate the gender dimension in all of the regional the policy lines; in view of advice No 67.537/4 of the Council Vanstate, given on 11 June 2020, in accordance with Article 84, § 1, paragraph 1, 3 °, of the laws on the council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973; in view of on the urgent necessity; in view of the consultations between the governments of the Deeltakes and the competent federal governments in the National Safety Council, which has been meeting since the beginning of March 2020; in view of Article 191 of the Convention on the Function of the European Union, that the precautionary principle honors in the framework of the management of an international health crisis and the active preparation for the potentiality of this crisis; that this principle means that, when a serious risk can be most likely, the public authorities have to take urgent and preliminary measures; in view of WHO's declaration in connection with the characteristics of the Coronavirus Covid-19, in particular the strongness and the risk of mortality; Whereas WHO labeled the Coronaviruscovid-19 on 11 March 2020 as a pandemic; whereas WHO on March 16, 2020 for the Coronavirus Covid-19, which will destabilizes the world economy and quickly spreads over the worldto the highest degree; given the distribution of the Coronavirus Covid-19 on European territory and in Belgium; given the urgent necessity and the health risk mat, the Coronavirus COVID-19 is for the Belgian population; given the evolution of Decovid-19 epidemic and the decisions of the National Labor Council concerning the various finishing periods; predominant, despite the improvement of the situation, the strict compliance with health measures must be enforced; require; whereas the lockdowneriode sectors and regulations regarding employment, sociopophessional engagement and social economy has caused the compromise, as well as the objectives that are pursued with these regulations; having regard to the consequences of the medium term of the security-19 and the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the security egelendie are still applicable in the aforementioned regulations; whereas the resumption of the activities in the context of the reduction of the lockdown must therefore be accompanied by the necessary measures to pursue the objectives of the aforementioned regulation; to guarantee the employment and enforcement of the social performance fluent from these schemes; given the urgency of implementation Vandeze measures to achieve the intended goal and the reduction of the Lockdown Kanbelmeren; Whereas in view of the economic consequences of the crisis, it is appropriate to suspend the obligations that apply to employers who receive ape and sesame support in terms of the preservation and increasing the total employment volume, to to prevent these employers from Double are punished in the event of a reduction in their number of employees as a result of the consequences of the health crisis COVID19; Whereas it is also appropriate to the employers prescribed for the recruitment or replacement of a jobseeker for whom they a decision to grant the Ape -or enjoy sesame support, to extend to prevent them from losing the benefit of similar testing when they are forced to postpone the originally planned recruitment due to the occurrence of the health crisis COVID-19; In the organizational work modalities of employers who enjoy a decision to grant the APE support, in particular in terms of work and activities, it must be possible to temporarily deviate from the functions for which APE, with regard to employment law -support is granted; to neutralize the effect of the lack of recruitment of a jobseeker, despite the existence of a decision to grant the Sesame support, on a later request from an employer because of the economic consequences of the health crisiscovid-19; disadvantage, the periods of temporary unemployment measures are neutralized in the calculation of the duration of the activation of the benefits of the employees in the context of the Impulsion support; sector, the appropriate isom their access to the "Impulsion 12 MOIS +"-arrangement to facilitate, taking into account the characteristics of the performance granted by employees in this sector; entails for the implementation of their activities in particular to guarantee the safety of the health of their employees, it is appropriate to use the PWAs 50% of PWA income intended for training, to use the costs of health facilities for their employees their To cover PWA service providers, must be again assigned to the PWAs that have incurred additional training costs; predominantly, to ensure that the service checkers continue to work under the normal labor scheme, which can also facilitate the organization of the gradual resumption of the activitiesIt is appropriate to compensate the loss of income for the company due to the non -collecting of the user contribution by means of degressive coverage; Extra costs for making sanitary facilities available are compensated; On the Crisiscovid-19, its economic consequences for employment, during the period of lockdown and redemption of the Lockdown, and the consequences of the opportunities on engaging, in particular in the long term, of the beneficiaries by the regional shipments for employment mediation and supervised; in view of the consequences of the COVID-19 crisis for the employees of engagement companies in relation to the special character of the rules that apply to subsidies for the employment of vulnerable and extremely vulnerable employees; in view of the impact of the crisis on income of the initiatives to develop the employment in the neighborhood services sector with a social purpose, abbreviated "i.d.e.s.s.", while their expenses remain identical; In view of the difficulties that the beneficiaries of the services of the "I.D.E.S.S." experience in their journeys and risks to which they spot themselves, given their age or their disability or their socio-economic vulnerability, to buy food or collect their laundry in the context of the social laundry services; mostly the measures apply from 1 June 2020 and, for some of them, either from 1 January2020, or from 1 May 2020, so that the decision on 1 June 2020, and, for Articles 10, 16, 18 and22, on January 1, 2020 and, for Articles 3 and 7 , on 1 May 2020, this entry into force must come into effect to ensure the full effect of the measures and the achievement of its objectives; On the nomination of the minister's work charged with social economy; after deliberation, decision: chapteri. - General provisions article 1. For the application of this Decree and for each of the provisions that have been established with regard to the subsidization, the amount of the subsidy may not be higher than the costs actually borne by the beneficiary, for what is subsidized. . - Measures concerning employment department 1. - Support scheme for promotion of the employment art. 2. The obligations referred to in Articles 2, § 3, first paragraph, and 3, § 3, first paragraph, 3 °, of the Decree of 25 April 2002 on the allowance for the employment of non-working job seekers by the local , Regional community governments, by certain employers in the non-commercial sector, education between 1 June 2020 and 30 September 2020 are suspended. Introduction of Article 16, fourth paragraph, of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 19 December 2002 implementing the implementation of the Decree of 25 April2002 concerning the allowances to promote the employment of non-working job seekers through the local, regional and community governments, by certain employers in the non-commercial sector, education, and other legal provisions, the calculation of the net increase is of it Total employment volume that the administration carries out every year on the birthday of the notification of the decision, b Epinst to periods that do not fall between 1 June 2020 and 30 September 2020. Including Article 21, seventh paragraph, of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 19 December 2002 to implement the Decree of 25 April 2002 on the allowances to promote the employment of Non-working jobseekers by the local, regional and community governments, by certain employers in the non-commercial sector, education, and other legal provisions, limits the calculation of the enforcement of the total employment volume, which each year on the birthday of the Decree The administration is implemented, to the comparison of the reference setting with the average number of employees, expressed in full -time equivalents, the four quarters of the decision of the decision were committed, the period between 1 June 2020 and 30 September 2020. As the employer there oneg Employed requeststhe Minister of Employment may deviate from the condition referred to in Article 2, § 3, of the Decree of 25 April 2002 on the allowances for promoting the employment of non-working job seekers by the local, regional and community governments, by certain employers in the non-non-employers Commercial sector, education, when the calculation of Hentotal Employment Volume the period between 1 June 2020 and 30 September 2020 in whole or partial vessels, provided that the decrease in total employment volume is the result of the economic consumers of the epidemic of COVID-19.Art . 3. The periods of six months referred to in Articles24 and 31 of the Decree of 25 April 2002 on the allowances to promote the employment of non-working job seekers by the local, regional and community governments, by certain employers in the non-commercial sector, the Education, are suspended between May 1, 2020 and 30 September2020.Art. 4. Contrary to Article 12 of the Walloon Government Decree of 19 December2002 implementing the Decree of 25 April 2002 on the allowances for the promotion of the commencement of non-working job seekers by the local, regional and community authorities, by certain employers in The non-commercial sector, education, and other legal provisions without prejudice to the applicable rules of labor law, the obligation to comply with the positions that are determined in the decision to grant the A.P.E. support, suspended 1 June 2020 and 30 September 2020. Department 2. - SESAM -Regelingart. 5. Contrary to Article 8, third paragraph, of the Decree of 14 February 2019 on the subsidies for promoting the employment of non-working job seekers with some companies, the award decision for which the company does not have a jobseeker has not taken up within the set period, whereby the subsidy can be settled, not taken into account for the application of Article 8 (2) of the Decree of 14 February 2019 on the subsidies to promote the employment of not working jobseekers at some companies when the set deadlines between 1 October2020 and 31 December 2020 have passed.art. 6. The obligations referred to in Article 12, §1, first paragraph, 2 °, 3 ° and 4 ° of the Decree of 14 February 2019 on the subsidies to promote the employment of non-working jobseekers in some companies will be between 1 June2020 and September 30, 2020 suspended.art. 7. The periods of six months referred to in Article13, §§ 1 and 2, of the Decree of 14 February 2019 on the subsidies for promoting the employment of non-working job seekers in some companies are suspended between 1 May 2020 and 30 September 2020. Department 3. - Support scheme for the purpose of the Target Group. 8. For the purposes of the Decree of 2 February 2017 on the support of employment of the target groups, between 1 June 2020 and 30 June 2021 with a long -term job seeker, the meaning of Article 4 of the Decree of 2 February 2017 on the support for employment benefit of the target groups equalized, the jobseeker who has worked as an artist in the four quarters prior to the quarter of his commencement of employment. Introculars who have worked as an artist as an artist, is understood to mean any person who is registered before his commencement of employment. Wallon de la Formation Professional et de l'Emploi "(Walloon Service for Vocational Training and Employment Mediation), hereinafter referred to as" Forem ", and that has performed that work performance indicated at the National Social Security Service under the code" 046 ".Art.9. In addition to the suspension clauses stated in Article 10 of the same decree, the allocation of the work payment stated in Articles 3 and 4 of the same decree is suspended when the person concerned is temporarily unemployed in the period between 1 June 2020 and 31 December 2020. The suspension is automatically lifted as soon as the Period of temporary unemployment and at the latest on 31 December2020.kapstem III. - Measures regarding the neighborhood services department 1. - Regulation of the local employment agencies. 10. Contrary to Article 79, §9, first paragraph, 2 °, of the Royal Decree of 25 November 1991 containing the unemployment regulations, a maximum of fifty percent of the amount intended for financing the formations of the unemployed people who are registered At the Local Employment Agency, hereinafter referred to as PWA, the purchase of paramedical, medical and health equipment and products are used for the protection of PWA staffIncluding the posted staff members of Forem and the employees who work in the context of a PWA work agreement. The first paragraph only applies exclusively to income for which PWA does notify the obligation of Article79, § 9, paragraph 1, 2 at the latest on 31 December 2020 at the latest on 31 December 2020 °, must have paid and provided that the purchases referred to in paragraph 1 are made in the period from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020.Art. 11. Contrary to article 79, § 9, third paragraph, of the Royal Decree of 25 November 1991 on the unemployment regulations, the unused balance of the amount for financing the training for the unemployed in the agency, for the income for which the PWA at the latest on 31 December 2020 on the obligation of Article 79, § 9, first paragraph, 2 °, must have paid, forem paid. Foremem the amounts consisting of the sum of the unused balances referred to in the first paragraph, Financing the training expenses for PWA employees and unemployed registered with the PWA, above twenty-five percent of the income for which the PWA must have the obligation of Article 79, § 9, first paragraph, 2 °, of the same decree by 31 December 2020 at the latest on 31 December 2020 satisfied, without prejudice to 10, first paragraph. The PWA that wishes to be eligible for the financing referred to in paragraph 2, must submit an application to FO at the latest on 1 July 2021 REM and provides the supporting documents for the extra formation expenditure that were made during the year 2020. As a result of the number of PWAs die have submitted a request and, in relation to the amount of their extra expenses, foremde financing equally about the agencies that Their expenses within the term reply referred to in paragraph 3. The finance granted to the agency may in no way have the training costs actually incurred. Department 2. - Regulation on the Service Checker.12. The Walloon Region grants an allowance for the months of March, April and May 2020 to the recognized enterprise in Article 2, § 1, 6 °, of the Law of 20 July 2001 to promote neighborhood services, in order to remunerate, including the remuneration, including of the relevant contributions, of the Service Check employees of the company recognized by the Walloon Region, which was actually worn by Hetwaalse Regest in the months concerned, as well as the other expenditures arising from the service check activity, in whole or in part. 13. The monthly amount of the statement referred to in Article 12 is equal to (A - B) X C Where: 1 ° "A" is the same as the number of hours that the recognized company has paid for all its service check employees during the month concerned; 2 ° "B" is equal to the number of service checks that correspond to the performance that the employees of the recognized company have granted during the month concerned; 3 ° "C" is equal to 16.86 euros for the month of June, 15.86 for the month of July and 14.86 for the month of August. The number of hours for which the recognized company will receive an allowance for each service check employee during the month concerned, may not be larger than the number of hours actually paid or the affordable number between: 1 ° the number of hours laid down in the employment contract of the Service Check employee, including the appendices, applicable during the week of 9 March 2020, divided by seven multiplied by the number of calendar days in the month for which the company for its subsidy application entry; 2 ° the number of hours paid from the service check employee during the favorable month in 2019.Art. 14. To be eligible for the allowance referred to in Article 12, shared the recognized company to the company that issues service checks for the Walloon Region, no later than thirty days after the end of the month concerned, the number of hours paid for each service check employee. Article 13 calculated is paid by the company that issues service checks for the Waalsegewest within ten working days after the notification referred to in the first. If the number of hours paid by the recognized company in accordance with the first paragraph, is higher than the in Article 13, Second paragraph, determined Maxima, the resulting difference in the calculation of the allowance by Forem is reclaimed with all legal means. Art.15. In the meaning of Articles 12, 13 and 14, the Service Check employee is understood to meanthe Werknemermet An employment contract for service checks within the meaning of Article 7bis of the Law of 20 July 2001 Tot promotion of neighborhood services and jobs and for the achievements he performs in the Walloon Region. - Measures on regional shipments for job placement art. 16. Detwestal shipments for job placement recognized under the Decree of 11 March 2004 Recognition and subsidization of the regional shipments for employment mediation: 1 ° a subsidy equal to the number of full -time equivalents who are taking the regional mediation in the service, multiplied by 350, multiplied by 350, multiplied by 350 intended for the purchase of paramedical, medical and plumbing equipment and products, as well as the costs for the sanitary maintenance of the classrooms paid by DeGewestelijke Mission for employment mediation between 1 January 2020 and 31 December 2020; 2 ° a one -off exceptional subsidy of 5,000 euros for the purchase of computer equipment and hardwareom to be able to carry out the activities remotely from the regional shipment for employment mediation.art.17. The allowances referred to in Article 16 are paid by the "Office Wallon de La Formation Professional de l'Emploi" on the basis of a declaration sent by the regional shipment. of the decision of the Walloon Government of 27 May 2009 totation of the Decree of 11 March 2004 on recognition and subsidization of the regional readings for employment mediation, the evidence of the expenditure referred to in Article 16.de in Article 16, 2 °, Expenditure referred to are deemed to have been written off for the year 2020. Deten injunction is proven by the "Office Wallon de la Formation Professionnelle et de l'Emploi" in any way reclaimed, including compensation for each legal remedy, compensation included . 18. For the purposes of Article 16, paragraph 6, of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 27 May 2009 implementing the decree of 11 March 2004 on reconciliation and the subsidization of regional shipments for employment mediation, and in deviation from article 1, first paragraph, 2 ° of the same decision, for the subsidy with regard to the year 2020, is deemed to be intended in the relationship, the beneficiary who has practiced professional activity the framework of one or more employment contracts with a total duration of at least six months In the running of the twelve months after the signing of the first employment contract, excluding the runway and entry -level reliefs. Chapter V. - Measures on Social Economy Department1. - Scaling company. 19. Contrary to Article 20 of the Decree of 20 October 2016 on the recognition of the initiatives of the social economy and the recognition and the subsidization of the engagement companies and of Article 18, § 1 of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 21 May 2017 The Decree of 20 October 2016 on the recognition of the initiatives of the Social Economy and the recognition and the subsidization of the engagement companies does not exceed 50 % of the wage costs for a maximum of 18 months from the employment of a vulnerable employee, or over a period of a maximum of 30 months from the employment of an extremely vulnerable employee, when the months of June 2020 to September 2020 have been included in whole or in part those maximum periods. The months of June 2020 to September 2020 are not taken into account when determining of the wage costs referred to in the first paragraph.art.20. Contrary to Article 18, § 2, of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 24 May 2017, the decree of 20 October 2016 on the recognition of the initiatives of social economy and the recognition and subsidization of the engagement companies, the proofs of the grant of one hundred percent of the subsidy referred to in Article 19 of the Decree of 20 October 2016 recognition of the initiatives of the social economy and the recognition and the subsidization of the engagement companies, corresponding to the payment of wage costs over a period of eighteen months from the date of recruitment of a vulnerable employee and over a period of thirty months for an extremely vulnerable employeeWhen the months of March to August 2020 are fully or partially included in these periods. Department2. - Initiatives for the development of employment in the neighborhood services sector with a social target art. 21. For the purposes of Article 2 of the Decree of 14 December 2006, recognition and the subsidization of the "Initiatives de Dévelpification de l'Emploi Dans Le Secteur Desservices de Proximité à Finalité Social" (Initiatives to develop employment in desector of The neighborhood services with a social purpose), abbreviated: "I.D.E.S.S.", includes social transport, between 1 June 2020 and 31 December 2020, the transport of goods for the beneficiary intended in Article 1, first paragraph, 4 °, of the Decree of December 14, 2006 concerning the recognitions The subsidization of the "Initiatives de Dévelpification de l'Emploi dance le Secteur des Services de Proximitéà Finalité Social" (Initiatives for the development of employment in the Sector of Buurtdiensten with a social goal), abbreviated: "I.D.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.S. ". The transport of goods referred to in the first paragraph includes transport for the benefit of the beneficiaries, of food and basic branches iggren, as well as the transport of laundry.art. 22. Contrary to Article 11, § 1, paragraph 1, 3 and 4 of the Decree of 21 June 2007, the Decree of 14 December2006 on the recognition and subsidization of the "Initiatives de Dévelpement de L" Emploi Dansle Secteur des Services de Proximité à Finalité Social "(Initiatives for the development of employment in the Sector of neighborhood services with a social purpose), abbreviated:" I.D.E.S.S. ", is the amount of the allowance with regard to the year 2020, referred to in article, referred to in article 11, § 1, paragraph 1, 3 and 4, of the same decision calculated on the basis of the year 2020, excluding the months of June to August2020, divided by two and multiplied by four if the amount thus obtained is greater than the amount on the basis of all months of 2020 is obtained. Chapter VI. - Final provisionsart.23. This Decree has elaboration on 1 June 2020 with the exception: 1 ° of Articles 3 and7 that have elaboration on 1 May 2020; 2 ° of Articles 10, 16, 18 and 22 who elaborate on January 1, 2020.Art. 24. The Minister of Employment, Training, charged with the social economy, is responsible for the implementation of this decision. Names, 16 June 2020. For derehreges: the Prime Minister, e. Di Rupode Minister of Employment, Training, Health, Social Action, Equal Opportunities and Women's Rights, Ch. CorreationPublication: 2020-06-26Numac: 2020041907waalse Government Service16 June 2020.-Decision of the Walloon Government of Special Powers No. 51 on the finishing measures COVID-19 on employment and socioprofessional engagement, social economy including COVID-19 government The present Belgium present the current and coming rules, taken to limit the spread of the virus among the population, are of such a nature that they slow down any form of activity on the territory of the Walloon Region. In addition to the impact on health, this health crisis has Also - and still - an important economic impact in Wallonia, which mainly affects our most vulnerable citizens. That is why it is essential in this context of reducing the lockdown to take measures to resume activities aimed at restoring positive, structural and transversal dynamics in the field of employment and socio-professional engaging. In order to be taken into account with the dimension of equal opportunities and rights of women, which are particularly represented in these sectors. The sectors, regulations and services intended in the draft decision to meet essentialsocial and/or/or offer employment, Especially for vulnerable employee who have been hit hard by the crisis. A series of measures have been taken to catch the shock of the crisis, to keep employees at work, to support initiatives to continue the services to those fellow citizens and to limit the consequences of the health crisis and to limit the consequences of consequences as much as possible. It is now necessary to supervise the resumption or continuation of the activities, which will have to be organized with the strict observance of the National Security Council, whether it concerns the rules of Socialdistance or the health measures recommended by Sciensano in the context of The reduction of delockdown.This design decision of special powers relates to a number of specific measures on employment and sociopophessional engaging, including in the field of desocial economy, to support the resumption of the activities in the context of the gradual reduction of Delockdown . This measure n are intended to take into account the consequences of the crisis and the partial resumption of the activities on the regulation for support of the employment and the regulations thereof, in order to temporarily adjust this to the exceptional situation with which we are dealing with. They are also intended to support neighborhood services and services for socio -professional integration, also in the field of the social economy, which meet the social services of the most vulnerable citizens. Pursuant to Article 1 of the Decree of 17 March2020 to the granting of special powers to the Walloon Government in the context of the Health Crisiscovid-19, the government is authorized to take all appropriate measures for any situation that forms a problem in the strict framework of the pandemic of COVID-19 and its consequences to prevent and tackle that, under penalty of serious danger, the urgency of the measures is justified by the fact that, despite the improvement of the situation, the strict compliance with the health measures must be maintained; that, in order to slow and limit the spread of the virus, it is necessary to immediately increase the recommended measures that appear to be essential from the point of view of public health; that the direct or indirect consequences of the crisis require fast management and a rapid response to regional level; that the crisis bring the sectors for employment and engagement, also in the field of the social economy, in the caught jug; that it is essential to supervise the resumption of the activities with dem measures that are necessary to pursue the objectives of these schemes; that the planned measures are dismantled to guarantee the employment and preservation of the performance -based performance -based; that the planned measures have direct consequences of the beneficiaries, which must be informed; That every delay will cause the realization of the objectives they have pursued. That decision of special powers must therefore be adopted as soon as possible so that the measures contained therein entirely consequently and the deadlines and reduction modalities set by the National Safety Council. The draft decision consists of 6 chapters3 of which are subdivided into different departments. - General provisions in Article 1, a general provision is taken over in which it is determined that any allowance referred to in this Decree may not exceed the costs of the beneficiary. - Measures regarding employment department 1 - Support regulation Promotion of employment (A.P.E.) Article 2, first paragraph, apart between 1 Junien 30 September The obligation regarding enforcement and the increase of the global employment volume. The aim of this suspension is to prevent employers from being sanctioned twice in the event of a reduction in the number of employees as a result of the consequences of the health crisis covid-19.deleds 2 and 3, respectively for the employers of the sector of the local boards and In Deniet-commercial sector, the modalities for the verification of compliance with the total volume set adjust to the suspension referred to in paragraph 1. Pursuant to the fourth paragraph, employers (local boards) who, despite the suspension have not been able to meet their global employment volume interests due to the consequences of the health crisis in the medium term, can request a ministerial deviation. Such a possibility already exists for employers in deniet-commercial sector. Article 3 Shares the periods that are imposed on employers to hire a non-working job seeker after the allocation of a new decision to grant the APE support or in the event of Replacement of an employee who has left the company. This provision intended to prevent the employer from losing the benefit of his decision when he forced to postpone the initially planned recruitment because of the emergence of the health crisiscovid-13. This suspension comes into force on 1 May 2020 to prevent employers from which the decision In May, the benefit of the suspension will be excluded. Items it makes it possible to temporarily deviate from Article 12 of the APE decision and with due observance of labor law, from respecting the functions in the context of the A.P.E.- Supports are granted to take into account the consequences of the health crisis for the organization of the work. Department2. -Sesam support article 5 deviates from taking inactive Sesame decisions (i.e., decisions that the employer has not made use of, despite the award, and that Hijdus has lost) in the context of the analysis of a new support request by The employer isingediend. The Articles 6 and 7, such as Articles 3 and 4 for the APE, suspend for the same periods and for the same reasons the obligations regarding the global employment volume and the recruitment times. Department 3. - Support for the purpose of the target group article 8 sets job seekers who are active in the dartistic sector equal to long-term job seekers, so that they can enjoy the "Impulsion support". The aim is to facilitate access to the scheme for a category employee who have been affected in particular by the crisis and which are difficult to meet the conditions for access due to the characteristics of their performance. of the recruitment of performance indicated under the R.S.Z.O. code 046 may be eligible for the equalization. The equalization lasts until 30 June 2021, since the reorganization of the artistic sector will have to be extended over time, the restrictions for the artistic sector do not yet have a clear timetable. Events with large numbers of people are still prohibited and will probably be affected by the health crisis for a long time, which will serve artists and in particular young people who are severely disadvantaged now or in the coming months. In Article 9, temporary unemployment is taken over and only of the reasons of the suspension of the granting of support. This makes it possible to suspend the duration where the employee/jobseeker can enjoy the "impulsion support. The purpose of this measure is to prevent the maximum grant duration of the maximum granting with periods of temporary unemployment when the employee does not activate receives. The effect of the measure is related to the enforcement by the federal government of the temporary unemployment possibilities Covid-19that have already been extended until 31 August 2020. The measure applies until 31 December to a possible extension of the temporary unemployment measures by the federal government cover. Chapter III. -Measures regarding the neighborhood services department 1. -Place employment agencies (ALE) Article 10 differs from the rule according to which PWAs must spend 25% of their income on the training of PWA employees and the unemployed who have been registered with the agency. For the year 2020, 50% of the amount designated for the formation may be used to cover the health expenses that the PWAs have borne after the crisis COVID-19. This provision comes into effect on January 1, 2020 as the expenditure in connection with the Sanitary material before 1 comes June 2020 may have been done and may have already been done in March, even earlier if prevention measures had already been taken; Article 11 stipulates that unused training funds, which are therefore reclaimed, will be allocated to the local agencies that have additional training costs in the course of the year 2020 have been made. These amounts will be redistributed on the same basis in 2021, in proportion to the additional expenses and, depending on the number of requests submitted by the PWAs, in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 12. Section 2. - Service check -in -article 12 stipulates that service check companies receive an allowance for employees they have held in despite the inability to perform their performance in the context of the service check. The aim is to compensate the costs of maintaining employment when the companies are not to enjoy the income related to their activities. Item13 determines the way in which the amount of the allowance is calculated, taking into account the employment contracts of the employees, the Number of service checks issued during the course of the month and the planned amount of the regional contribution on an hourly basis, on a degressive basis, for the months of June, July and August2020. This measure is intended to protect employees and to facilitate the organization of the work within the company with a view to the partial and gradual resumption of destination. Article 14 stipulates the procedure that must be followed to be intended for this contribution. Article 15 determines what is intended with service check employees, referring to the applicable regulations. Chapter IV. - Measures relating to regional shipments for employment mediation (MIRE) Article 16 provides for the grant of an allowance in favor of the MIRE (regional shipments for employment) to cover, on the one hand, the health, medical and paramedical costs and the costs for the maintenance of The health crisis resulting and on the other hand, the purchase of computer equipment to make the performance down. , Even earlier if preventive measures had already been taken. In Article 17, the procedure for the allocation of this allowance is determined. Article 18 Relocates one of the conditions with regard to the determination of the amount of the allowance in favor of the Mire, which depends of the number of job seekers engaged by De Mire And that came to the labor market. It can be deduced from Article 19 that this condition has been met after 3 months of performance on the basis of an employment contract instead of 6 months. This article comes into effect on January 1, 2020Since the COVID-19 crisis has had an impact on the chances of engaging in work seekers as soon as it has occurred on Belgian territory and therefore before 1 June 2020.kapreukv. - Social Economy Department 1. - Measures regarding the engagement companies the objective of Article 19 is to take into account the consequences of any enforcement or suspension of the employment contracts of vulnerable employees and extremely vulnerable employees in engagement companies. can enjoy a certain period. Article 20 makes it possible to extend this period and not to take the calculation of this intensity into account the months of June to September 2020. In article 20, the rules for the proof of the allocation of the allowance to the extension of Dein Article 20 are period adapted. Department 6 - Initiatives for the development of the employment in the Sector of Neighborhood Services with a social purpose (i.d.e.s.s.s) Article21 allows the idess to expand their activities with regard to the social transport of persons that of goods when this transport of goods intended is to do the shopping or transport of the laundry of the beneficiaries of the services of the Idess. This is intended to help the beneficiaries of the idess and to prevent them from carrying out non-essential trips. This extension is valid between 1 June and 31 December 2020. article 22 is aimed at the allowance of the Idess for the months of June to August 2020, since the amount of these allowances will be influenced by the crisis while the costs incurred are the same Remained. The calculation is made on an annual basis, it will have an effect on the entire year 2020.kondstukvi. - Final provisions article 23 provides for the entry into force of the Decree on 1 June 2020, with the exception of Articles 3 and 7, which entered into force on January 1, 2020, and Articles 10.16, 18 and 22, which on January 1, 2020 in effect. The aim of the retroactive strength to ensure coherence between the entry into force of the decision and the temporality of the consequences of his articles. This retroactive effect makes it possible to respond to the needs in connection with the reduction of the lockdown and arising From the COVID-19 crisis and the different moments on which the consequences were felt. Retroactive power is essential to ensure that the objectives of the decision are achieved. Moreover, this retroactive force does detract from the rights of third parties and, on the contrary, it is favorable for them. Article 24 Minister of Employment charged with the implementation of this Decree. Advice of the Council of State No. 67.537/4 of 11 June 2020 Department Legislative on 4 June 2020, the Council of State, Division, was by the Vice-Minister President and Minister of Employment , Formation, health, social action, equal opportunities and women's rights of the Walloon Region requested that within a period of five working days to issue advice on a draft decision by the Walloon government 'of special powers no. With regard to employment and socioprofessional integration, social economy included. The design was examined by the fourth Chamber 11 June 2020. The Chamber was composed of Martine Baguet, chairwoman of the Chamber, Luc Cambieren Bernard Blero, state councils, and Anne-Catherine van Geersdaele, Griffier . Report was made by Véronique Schmitz, auditor. The advice with the text below was issued on 11 June2020. According to Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws `on the Council of State ', coordinated on January 12, 1973, the request for advice in particular must be given the motives that justify the urgent character. As follows: "Dedring necessity is reasoned as follows: Whereas the direct and unumenical consequences of the crisis require a management and a rapid response to regional level; predominantly the lockdown period has endangered the sectors and regulations for employment, Socioprofessional Social Economics has endangeredas well as the objectives that are nagged with these regulations; in view of the consequences in the medium term of the crisis COVID-19 and the effect of the safety measures that still apply to the aforementioned regulations; predominantly the resumption of the activities in the context of the finishing of the lockdown therefore accompanied by the necessary measures to pursue the objectives of the aforementioned regulation; mostly the measures foreseen are indispensable to guarantee the employment and enforcement of social performance resulting from these regulations; given the urgency of the implementation of these Measures to achieve the intended goal and , 3 °, of the laws `on the Council of State ' , coordinated on January 12, 1973, the legislative hair department is limited to the legal basis of the draft, to the competence of the stater of the deed and to complete the prior form requirements, in accordance with Article 84, § 3, of the aforementioned laws. On these three Points gives the design to the following comments. Provisional remarks1. It follows from Article 5 of the Decree of 17 March 2020 'for the award of Special Fines to the Walloon Government in the context of the Health Crisis COVID-19' that "the authorization is given to the government for three months is valid for three months the entry into force of "(first paragraph) and that" the period is determined in paragraph 1 is one single time, for an equivalent per duration "(second paragraph). Contrary to the Decree, the entry into force on March 15, 2020 took place. Advice from the legislation department is issued, the stater of the text must be made remarkable that it can only be assumed if the government still has the special powers. Zoniet has the designed text not a right basis (1) .2. In accordance with Article 3, § 2, of the Decree of 17 March 2020, the draft decision to the Bureau of Parliament are communicated before its publication in the Belgian Official Gazette. provisions 31 December 2020 (Articles 10.11 and 22), 30 June 2021 (Article 9) or 1 July 2021 (Article 12). Accounting with the explanation of the draft decision and in the Walloon Government Memorandum this regulation may be deemed to be in principle to participate in the measures that the government may take on the basis of Article 1, §1, of the Decree of 17 March 2020, namely all useful measures to prevent and treat any situation that causes problems in the strict framework of the COVID-19 Pandemie and its consequences and who urgently need to be treated on pain of serious danger. " December 1, 2020, and A Fortiori who are not too far away from 30 June 2021 or 1 July 2021 to be considered objective and reasonably justified in the light of the limitations-that of the "strict framework of the COVID-19 Pandemie and The consequences "- to which Article 1, § 1, of the Decree of 17 March 2020 grants the implementation of the special powers that it grants it to the government. Indeed, it is not currently not possible to determine with certainty at what time the application of the measures to limit the distribution of COVID19, including the end of the finishing measures, will be terminated, but an earlier datezou can still be considered in light of the proposed objective. The draft decision on this point can be justified. If not, it will be revised (2). Special remarks. In the preamble of a decision, the first provisions to be referred to are referred toThe provisions that stretch the draft to legal basis. The decree of 17 March2020 must therefore form the first paragraph of the preamble.2. The first paragraph will be omitted that it refers to Article 39 of the Constitution. SCHIPING SPECIAL ARTICLE 1 STUT DRIVATE SECTION ALSO A BEMADED BY THE WALLE Region in regional matters must contain the mention referred to in Article 1. This provision - which also wrongly refers to "this decree" - must therefore be omitted. Article 5 The question of Article5 the Minister's delegate indicated the following: "Article 5 of the draft decision that provides for the possibility of deviating of the functions that were awarded in deviation from Article 12 of the Hetape Decree of 19 December 2002: that Article 12 stipulates that the employer may request a change in his decision of the award of the APE support. In the decisions to grant the Ape- support is indicated which functions are granted to the employer and which he must live. The purpose of Article 5 of the draft decision is to enable the employer to temporarily change the positions performed by his employee. Under normal circumstances, the change of the functions the subject of a request, in accordance with Article 12, insofar as they have influence on the award decision. It therefore seems to us That the possibility of temporary changes without requesting the functions is a deviation from Article 12 of the APE decision of 19-December 2002 ". article 5 has been formulated in the sense that it must apply" without prejudice to the rules that apply to the employment law ". It follows that" Article 5 makes it possible to temporarily and with due observance of labor law, to deviate from the respect of defunctions granted in the context of the A.P.E. support to take into account the consequences of the health crisis for the organization of the work and to encourage employees to continue working ". Ten Slotte extends that from 1 June 2020, a measure that has been an identical to the measure that has been provided for in Article 34 of the Decree of the Walloon Government of Special Powers No. 11 of 31 March 2020 'concerning various provisions on employment, education and soci -professional engaging, social economy, consequently, it may be assumed that Article 5 of the draft aims to deviate from Article 12 of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 19 December 2002 to implement the Decree of 25 April 2002 in relation to the promotion of the employment of the employment of the employment non-working job seekers by the local, regional and community governments, by certain employers in the non-commercial sector, the teaching of other legal provisions' report to the government will be supplemented with these precisions. Articles of first paragraph will be displayed as a deviation of Article 10 of the Decree of 2 February 2017 'concerning the support for employment for the target groups'. It goes on an additional reason to suspend the allocation of the support in addition to the support provided for in this provision, and not for a deviation. Article 10 will be revised accordingly. Article 12th the fourth paragraph stipulates that "for EM, depending on the number of applications, distributed the financing to the agencies that account for their expenses within the period referred to in paragraph 3. Up to the amount of the expenses and/or up to the number of agencies that the mechanism has made use. Article 12 will be clarified on this point. the words "au sens de l'Article 1er, Alinéa 1er, 9 °, the l'rrêté royal du 12 décembre 2001 group les titres services" are replaced by the words "au sens de l'Article 7bis de la Loi du 20 Juillet 2001 ". Article 19 article 19 Zouer benefits to be supplemented to determine that it deviates from Article 1, first paragraph, 2 ° of the Decree of 27 May 2009 'to implement the Dec. Reet of 11 March 2004 on deer recognition and the subsidization of regional shipments for employment '"that defines the concept of" sustainable and high -quality relationship "of which is deviated from. "Intensité de l'Aide", the words "Visée à l'Article 19 du décret du 20 Octobre 2016 relatif à l'Agrément des initiatives d'économiesocial et à l'Agrément et au subvention of the entertprises d'intion "to be deleted because an overlap with the start of the article it is intended to deviate from Article 20 of the same decree and that is the provision in which the conditions for the intensity of the support is laid down.2. The second paragraph has been drawn up in such a way that the months of the months' of March are taken into account in the calculation of the intensity until August 2020 ". The discussion of article 20 must be revised in the sense that the months" June to September 2020 "are given as a period. Item is the discussion of Article 22 that the social transport between 1 June 2020 and 31 December 2020 follows the transport of Goods for the benefit of the beneficiaries in Article 1, first paragraph, 4 °, of the Decree of 14 December 2006 "concerning the recognition and disubbing of the" Initiatives The De L'Emploi Dans Le Secteur des Services de Proximitéà Finalité Social "(initiatives for the development of employment in the neighborhood services with a social purpose), abbreviated:" i.d.e.s.s. ", and more specifically the shopping of the laundry, can include. To bring this expansion of the concept of "social transport" into line with the legal basis of the specified text and to prevent Het Nakt as the transport of other types of goods, Article 22 will be supplemented with the determining the type of transport of goods that is being considered. Article 23 In contrast to the disposing part that excludes the months "from March to August 2020", indicates the discussion of Article 23 that the aim is to the Idess subsidies "for the months of June to July "To be released. This contradiction must be eliminated. Article 24 article 24 provides an entry into force on the day on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. However, it is recovery provisions, in the sense that they enter into force on January 1, 2020 (Articles 11 and 17 to 19), March 1, 2020 (Articles 20 and 21), 1 May 2020 (Articles 4 and 8) or 1 June 2020 (Articles 3, 5, 7, 9, 10, 13 to 16 and 22). Since the legislative department in its advice No 67.142 /AG of 25 March 2020 (3) has noticed, "the retroactive effect may be single -person if it is indispensable for the achievement of an objective of general interest (4). If, moreover, it appears that the retroactive effect results in the end of legal procedures In a specific sense, it is influenced or that judicial lectures are prevented from contradicting a question of law, requires the nature of the principle that exceptional conditions offer an account of the rise n of the legislator, which citizens to the detriment of a category of a category of the jurisdictional guarantees that are offered to all (5). "The report to the government must contain the appropriate justifications regarding the retroactive effect of the decorated provisions. In this context, the be useful to state the similar measures that were taken, in particular in the context of the decision of the Walloon Government of 31 March 2020 of special powers no. 11 'concerning various provisions regarding employment, education and sociopophessional engagement, social economy including', for the period from 1 March2020 to 31 May 2020 (6), and they will be repeated in the designed text from 1 June 2020.Degiier, Anne-Catherine by Geersdaelede chairwoman, Martine Baguet _______cates1s unless the government is assumed about ordinary powers has fulfilled for all provisions of the draft and all prior formalities.2 See, in the same sense, advisory number. 67,526/4, given on 9 June 2020 on a draft decision from the Walloon government of special powers'r. Xx organizing the public participation of the public instead of the prior information meeting for certain projects referred to in Book I of the Environmental Tetbook'.3 Advice no.67.142/AG given on 25 March 2020 on the proposal that the law of 27 March 2020 is Become 'that authorization to the king to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronaviruscovid-19' (I and II) ', http://www.raadvst-consetat.be/dbx/avis/67142.pdf. 4 Footnote No. 22van Before Advice: settled case law of the Constitutional Court, see in particular: G.H., 21 November2013, no. 158/2013, B.24.2; G.H., December 19, 2013, no. 172/2013, B.22; G.H., January 29, 2014, no.18/2014, B.10; G.H., 9 October 2014, no. 146/2014, B.10.1; G.H., January 22, 2015, no. 1/2015, B.4; G.H., 7 May 2015, no. 54/2015, B.12; G.H., January 14, 2016, no. 3/2016, B.22; G.H., 3 February 2016, nr. 16/2016, B.12.1; G.H.April 28, 2016, no. 58/2016, B.9.2; G.H., 9 February 2017, no. 15/2017, B.9.2.5voetnot no. 23 of the above advice: settled case law of the Constitutional Court. See for example: G.H., November 21, 2013, no. 158/2013, B.24.2; G.H., 9 October 2014, no. 146/2014, B.10.1; G.H., 28 May 2015, nr. 77/2015, B.4.1; G.H., 24 March 2016, no. 48/2016, B.6; G.H., 6 October 2016, no. 126/2016, b.7.3.6zie Articles 33, 34, 36, 19, §§ 1, 2 and 5, which must be associated with Articles 3, 5, 7, respectively, respectively 10, 20, 21 and 23 of the draft.16 June 2020. -Decree of the Walloon Government of Special Powers No. 51 on the finishing measures COVID -19 Intaken Employment and Sociopfessional engagement, social economy including Walloon Seal, given the Decree of 17 March 2020 Awarding special powers to Dewaalse Government in the context of the Health Crisis COVID-19, Article 1, § 1; in view of the decree of 25 April 2002 on the allowances for promoting the employment of non-working job seekers by the local, regional and Community governments, by certain employers in the non-commercial sector, education; Having regard to the decision of 14 December2006 on recognition and subsidization of the "Initiatives de Dévelpification de l'Emploi Dansle Secte UR des Services de Proximité à Finalité Sociale "(Initiatives for the development of employment in the Sector of Buurtdiensten with a social goal), abbreviated" i.d.e.s.s. and the subsidization of the engagement companies; in view of the decree of 2februari 2017 on the support for employment for the target groups; in view of the decree of 14 February 2019 on the subsidies to promote the employment of not working at some companies; the Royal Decree of 25-November 1991 containing the unemployment regulations; in view of the decision of the Walloon Government of 19 December 2002 to implement the decree of 25 April 2002 on the allowance for the employment of non-working jobseekers by the local, regional government, do of certain employers in the non-commercial sector, education and of other legal provisions; in view of the decision of 24 May 2017 implementing the Decree of 20 October 2016 on the recognition of the initiatives of the social economy and the recognition and subsidization of the engagement companies; In view of the decision of 24 May 2017 for the implementation of the Decree of 20 October 2016 on the recognition of the initiatives of social economies, the recognition and subsidization of the engagement companies; given the advice of the Inspector of Finance, given on 3 June 2020; on the approval of the minister of budget, given on 4 June 2020; in view of the report of 3 June 2020, drawn up in accordance with the decree of 11 April 2014, the implementation of the Women's Conference Pan de United Nations that in September 1995 in Beijing took place and to integrate the gender dimension in all of the regional the policy lines; in view of advice No 67.537/4 of the Council Vanstate, given on 11 June 2020, in accordance with Article 84, § 1, paragraph 1, 3 °, of the laws on the council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973; in view of on the urgent necessity; in view of the consultations between the governments of the Deeltakes and the competent federal governments in the National Safety Council, which has been meeting since the beginning of March 2020; in view of Article 191 of the Convention on the Function of the European Union, that the precautionary principle honors in the framework of the management of an international health crisis and the active preparation for the potentiality of this crisis; that this principle means that, when a serious risk can be most likely, the public authorities have to take urgent and preliminary measures; in view of WHO's declaration in connection with the characteristics of the Coronavirus Covid-19, in particular the strongness and the risk of mortality; Whereas WHO labeled the Coronaviruscovid-19 on 11 March 2020 as a pandemic; whereas WHO on March 16, 2020 for the Coronavirus Covid-19, which will destabilizes the world economy and quickly spreads over the worldto the highest degree; given the distribution of the Coronavirus Covid-19 on European territory and in Belgium; given the urgent necessity and the health risk mat, the Coronavirus COVID-19 is for the Belgian population; given the evolution of Decovid-19 epidemic and the decisions of the National Labor Council concerning the various finishing periods; predominant, despite the improvement of the situation, the strict compliance with health measures must be enforced; require; whereas the lockdowneriode sectors and regulations regarding employment, sociopophessional engagement and social economy has caused the compromise, as well as the objectives that are pursued with these regulations; having regard to the consequences of the medium term of the security-19 and the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the security egelendie are still applicable in the aforementioned regulations; whereas the resumption of the activities in the context of the reduction of the lockdown must therefore be accompanied by the necessary measures to pursue the objectives of the aforementioned regulation; to guarantee the employment and enforcement of the social performance fluent from these schemes; given the urgency of implementation Vandeze measures to achieve the intended goal and the reduction of the Lockdown Kanbelmeren; Whereas in view of the economic consequences of the crisis, it is appropriate to suspend the obligations that apply to employers who receive ape and sesame support in terms of the preservation and increasing the total employment volume, to to prevent these employers from Double are punished in the event of a reduction in their number of employees as a result of the consequences of the health crisis COVID19; Whereas it is also appropriate to the employers prescribed for the recruitment or replacement of a jobseeker for whom they a decision to grant the Ape -or enjoy sesame support, to extend to prevent them from losing the benefit of similar testing when they are forced to postpone the originally planned recruitment due to the occurrence of the health crisis COVID-19; In the organizational work modalities of employers who enjoy a decision to grant the APE support, in particular in terms of work and activities, it must be possible to temporarily deviate from the functions for which APE, with regard to employment law -support is granted; to neutralize the effect of the lack of recruitment of a jobseeker, despite the existence of a decision to grant the Sesame support, on a later request from an employer because of the economic consequences of the health crisiscovid-19; disadvantage, the periods of temporary unemployment measures are neutralized in the calculation of the duration of the activation of the benefits of the employees in the context of the Impulsion support; sector, the appropriate isom their access to the "Impulsion 12 MOIS +"-arrangement to facilitate, taking into account the characteristics of the performance granted by employees in this sector; entails for the implementation of their activities in particular to guarantee the safety of the health of their employees, it is appropriate to use the PWAs 50% of PWA income intended for training, to use the costs of health facilities for their employees their To cover PWA service providers, must be again assigned to the PWAs that have incurred additional training costs; predominantly, to ensure that the service checkers continue to work under the normal labor scheme, which can also facilitate the organization of the gradual resumption of the activitiesIt is appropriate to compensate the loss of income for the company due to the non -collecting of the user contribution by means of degressive coverage; Extra costs for making sanitary facilities available are compensated; On the Crisiscovid-19, its economic consequences for employment, during the period of lockdown and redemption of the Lockdown, and the consequences of the opportunities on engaging, in particular in the long term, of the beneficiaries by the regional shipments for employment mediation and supervised; in view of the consequences of the COVID-19 crisis for the employees of engagement companies in relation to the special character of the rules that apply to subsidies for the employment of vulnerable and extremely vulnerable employees; in view of the impact of the crisis on income of the initiatives to develop the employment in the neighborhood services sector with a social purpose, abbreviated "i.d.e.s.s.", while their expenses remain identical; In view of the difficulties that the beneficiaries of the services of the "I.D.E.S.S." experience in their journeys and risks to which they spot themselves, given their age or their disability or their socio-economic vulnerability, to buy food or collect their laundry in the context of the social laundry services; mostly the measures apply from 1 June 2020 and, for some of them, either from 1 January2020, or from 1 May 2020, so that the decision on 1 June 2020, and, for Articles 10, 16, 18 and22, on January 1, 2020 and, for Articles 3 and 7 , on 1 May 2020, this entry into force must come into effect to ensure the full effect of the measures and the achievement of its objectives; On the nomination of the minister's work charged with social economy; after deliberation, decision: chapteri. - General provisions article 1. For the application of this Decree and for each of the provisions that have been established with regard to the subsidization, the amount of the subsidy may not be higher than the costs actually borne by the beneficiary, for what is subsidized. . - Measures concerning employment department 1. - Support scheme for promotion of the employment art. 2. The obligations referred to in Articles 2, § 3, first paragraph, and 3, § 3, first paragraph, 3 °, of the Decree of 25 April 2002 on the allowance for the employment of non-working job seekers by the local , Regional community governments, by certain employers in the non-commercial sector, education between 1 June 2020 and 30 September 2020 are suspended. Introduction of Article 16, fourth paragraph, of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 19 December 2002 implementing the implementation of the Decree of 25 April2002 concerning the allowances to promote the employment of non-working job seekers through the local, regional and community governments, by certain employers in the non-commercial sector, education, and other legal provisions, the calculation of the net increase is of it Total employment volume that the administration carries out every year on the birthday of the notification of the decision, b Epinst to periods that do not fall between 1 June 2020 and 30 September 2020. Including Article 21, seventh paragraph, of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 19 December 2002 to implement the Decree of 25 April 2002 on the allowances to promote the employment of Non-working jobseekers by the local, regional and community governments, by certain employers in the non-commercial sector, education, and other legal provisions, limits the calculation of the enforcement of the total employment volume, which each year on the birthday of the Decree The administration is implemented, to the comparison of the reference setting with the average number of employees, expressed in full -time equivalents, the four quarters of the decision of the decision were committed, the period between 1 June 2020 and 30 September 2020. As the employer there oneg Employed requeststhe Minister of Employment may deviate from the condition referred to in Article 2, § 3, of the Decree of 25 April 2002 on the allowances for promoting the employment of non-working job seekers by the local, regional and community governments, by certain employers in the non-non-employers Commercial sector, education, when the calculation of Hentotal Employment Volume the period between 1 June 2020 and 30 September 2020 in whole or partial vessels, provided that the decrease in total employment volume is the result of the economic consumers of the epidemic of COVID-19.Art . 3. The periods of six months referred to in Articles24 and 31 of the Decree of 25 April 2002 on the allowances to promote the employment of non-working job seekers by the local, regional and community governments, by certain employers in the non-commercial sector, the Education, are suspended between May 1, 2020 and 30 September2020.Art. 4. Contrary to Article 12 of the Walloon Government Decree of 19 December2002 implementing the Decree of 25 April 2002 on the allowances for the promotion of the commencement of non-working job seekers by the local, regional and community authorities, by certain employers in The non-commercial sector, education, and other legal provisions without prejudice to the applicable rules of labor law, the obligation to comply with the positions that are determined in the decision to grant the A.P.E. support, suspended 1 June 2020 and 30 September 2020. Department 2. - SESAM -Regelingart. 5. Contrary to Article 8, third paragraph, of the Decree of 14 February 2019 on the subsidies for promoting the employment of non-working job seekers with some companies, the award decision for which the company does not have a jobseeker has not taken up within the set period, whereby the subsidy can be settled, not taken into account for the application of Article 8 (2) of the Decree of 14 February 2019 on the subsidies to promote the employment of not working jobseekers at some companies when the set deadlines between 1 October2020 and 31 December 2020 have passed.art. 6. The obligations referred to in Article 12, §1, first paragraph, 2 °, 3 ° and 4 ° of the Decree of 14 February 2019 on the subsidies to promote the employment of non-working jobseekers in some companies will be between 1 June2020 and September 30, 2020 suspended.art. 7. The periods of six months referred to in Article13, §§ 1 and 2, of the Decree of 14 February 2019 on the subsidies for promoting the employment of non-working job seekers in some companies are suspended between 1 May 2020 and 30 September 2020. Department 3. - Support scheme for the purpose of the Target Group. 8. For the purposes of the Decree of 2 February 2017 on the support of employment of the target groups, between 1 June 2020 and 30 June 2021 with a long -term job seeker, the meaning of Article 4 of the Decree of 2 February 2017 on the support for employment benefit of the target groups equalized, the jobseeker who has worked as an artist in the four quarters prior to the quarter of his commencement of employment. Introculars who have worked as an artist as an artist, is understood to mean any person who is registered before his commencement of employment. Wallon de la Formation Professional et de l'Emploi "(Walloon Service for Vocational Training and Employment Mediation), hereinafter referred to as" Forem ", and that has performed that work performance indicated at the National Social Security Service under the code" 046 ".Art.9. In addition to the suspension clauses stated in Article 10 of the same decree, the allocation of the work payment stated in Articles 3 and 4 of the same decree is suspended when the person concerned is temporarily unemployed in the period between 1 June 2020 and 31 December 2020. The suspension is automatically lifted as soon as the Period of temporary unemployment and at the latest on 31 December2020.kapstem III. - Measures regarding the neighborhood services department 1. - Regulation of the local employment agencies. 10. Contrary to Article 79, §9, first paragraph, 2 °, of the Royal Decree of 25 November 1991 containing the unemployment regulations, a maximum of fifty percent of the amount intended for financing the formations of the unemployed people who are registered At the Local Employment Agency, hereinafter referred to as PWA, the purchase of paramedical, medical and health equipment and products are used for the protection of PWA staffIncluding the posted staff members of Forem and the employees who work in the context of a PWA work agreement. The first paragraph only applies exclusively to income for which PWA does notify the obligation of Article79, § 9, paragraph 1, 2 at the latest on 31 December 2020 at the latest on 31 December 2020 °, must have paid and provided that the purchases referred to in paragraph 1 are made in the period from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020.Art. 11. Contrary to article 79, § 9, third paragraph, of the Royal Decree of 25 November 1991 on the unemployment regulations, the unused balance of the amount for financing the training for the unemployed in the agency, for the income for which the PWA at the latest on 31 December 2020 on the obligation of Article 79, § 9, first paragraph, 2 °, must have paid, forem paid. Foremem the amounts consisting of the sum of the unused balances referred to in the first paragraph, Financing the training expenses for PWA employees and unemployed registered with the PWA, above twenty-five percent of the income for which the PWA must have the obligation of Article 79, § 9, first paragraph, 2 °, of the same decree by 31 December 2020 at the latest on 31 December 2020 satisfied, without prejudice to 10, first paragraph. The PWA that wishes to be eligible for the financing referred to in paragraph 2, must submit an application to FO at the latest on 1 July 2021 REM and provides the supporting documents for the extra formation expenditure that were made during the year 2020. As a result of the number of PWAs die have submitted a request and, in relation to the amount of their extra expenses, foremde financing equally about the agencies that Their expenses within the term reply referred to in paragraph 3. The finance granted to the agency may in no way have the training costs actually incurred. Department 2. - Regulation on the Service Checker.12. The Walloon Region grants an allowance for the months of March, April and May 2020 to the recognized enterprise in Article 2, § 1, 6 °, of the Law of 20 July 2001 to promote neighborhood services, in order to remunerate, including the remuneration, including of the relevant contributions, of the Service Check employees of the company recognized by the Walloon Region, which was actually worn by Hetwaalse Regest in the months concerned, as well as the other expenditures arising from the service check activity, in whole or in part. 13. The monthly amount of the statement referred to in Article 12 is equal to (A - B) X C Where: 1 ° "A" is the same as the number of hours that the recognized company has paid for all its service check employees during the month concerned; 2 ° "B" is equal to the number of service checks that correspond to the performance that the employees of the recognized company have granted during the month concerned; 3 ° "C" is equal to 16.86 euros for the month of June, 15.86 for the month of July and 14.86 for the month of August. The number of hours for which the recognized company will receive an allowance for each service check employee during the month concerned, may not be larger than the number of hours actually paid or the affordable number between: 1 ° the number of hours laid down in the employment contract of the Service Check employee, including the appendices, applicable during the week of 9 March 2020, divided by seven multiplied by the number of calendar days in the month for which the company for its subsidy application entry; 2 ° the number of hours paid from the service check employee during the favorable month in 2019.Art. 14. To be eligible for the allowance referred to in Article 12, shared the recognized company to the company that issues service checks for the Walloon Region, no later than thirty days after the end of the month concerned, the number of hours paid for each service check employee. Article 13 calculated is paid by the company that issues service checks for the Waalsegewest within ten working days after the notification referred to in the first. If the number of hours paid by the recognized company in accordance with the first paragraph, is higher than the in Article 13, Second paragraph, determined Maxima, the resulting difference in the calculation of the allowance by Forem is reclaimed with all legal means. Art.15. In the meaning of Articles 12, 13 and 14, the Service Check employee is understood to meanthe Werknemermet An employment contract for service checks within the meaning of Article 7bis of the Law of 20 July 2001 Tot promotion of neighborhood services and jobs and for the achievements he performs in the Walloon Region. - Measures on regional shipments for job placement art. 16. Detwestal shipments for job placement recognized under the Decree of 11 March 2004 Recognition and subsidization of the regional shipments for employment mediation: 1 ° a subsidy equal to the number of full -time equivalents who are taking the regional mediation in the service, multiplied by 350, multiplied by 350, multiplied by 350 intended for the purchase of paramedical, medical and plumbing equipment and products, as well as the costs for the sanitary maintenance of the classrooms paid by DeGewestelijke Mission for employment mediation between 1 January 2020 and 31 December 2020; 2 ° a one -off exceptional subsidy of 5,000 euros for the purchase of computer equipment and hardwareom to be able to carry out the activities remotely from the regional shipment for employment mediation.art.17. The allowances referred to in Article 16 are paid by the "Office Wallon de La Formation Professional de l'Emploi" on the basis of a declaration sent by the regional shipment. of the decision of the Walloon Government of 27 May 2009 totation of the Decree of 11 March 2004 on recognition and subsidization of the regional readings for employment mediation, the evidence of the expenditure referred to in Article 16.de in Article 16, 2 °, Expenditure referred to are deemed to have been written off for the year 2020. Deten injunction is proven by the "Office Wallon de la Formation Professionnelle et de l'Emploi" in any way reclaimed, including compensation for each legal remedy, compensation included . 18. For the purposes of Article 16, paragraph 6, of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 27 May 2009 implementing the decree of 11 March 2004 on reconciliation and the subsidization of regional shipments for employment mediation, and in deviation from article 1, first paragraph, 2 ° of the same decision, for the subsidy with regard to the year 2020, is deemed to be intended in the relationship, the beneficiary who has practiced professional activity the framework of one or more employment contracts with a total duration of at least six months In the running of the twelve months after the signing of the first employment contract, excluding the runway and entry -level reliefs. Chapter V. - Measures on Social Economy Department1. - Scaling company. 19. Contrary to Article 20 of the Decree of 20 October 2016 on the recognition of the initiatives of the social economy and the recognition and the subsidization of the engagement companies and of Article 18, § 1 of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 21 May 2017 The Decree of 20 October 2016 on the recognition of the initiatives of the Social Economy and the recognition and the subsidization of the engagement companies does not exceed 50 % of the wage costs for a maximum of 18 months from the employment of a vulnerable employee, or over a period of a maximum of 30 months from the employment of an extremely vulnerable employee, when the months of June 2020 to September 2020 have been included in whole or in part those maximum periods. The months of June 2020 to September 2020 are not taken into account when determining of the wage costs referred to in the first paragraph.art.20. Contrary to Article 18, § 2, of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 24 May 2017, the decree of 20 October 2016 on the recognition of the initiatives of social economy and the recognition and subsidization of the engagement companies, the proofs of the grant of one hundred percent of the subsidy referred to in Article 19 of the Decree of 20 October 2016 recognition of the initiatives of the social economy and the recognition and the subsidization of the engagement companies, corresponding to the payment of wage costs over a period of eighteen months from the date of recruitment of a vulnerable employee and over a period of thirty months for an extremely vulnerable employeeWhen the months of March to August 2020 are fully or partially included in these periods. Department2. - Initiatives for the development of employment in the neighborhood services sector with a social target art. 21. For the purposes of Article 2 of the Decree of 14 December 2006, recognition and the subsidization of the "Initiatives de Dévelpification de l'Emploi Dans Le Secteur Desservices de Proximité à Finalité Social" (Initiatives to develop employment in desector of The neighborhood services with a social purpose), abbreviated: "I.D.E.S.S.", includes social transport, between 1 June 2020 and 31 December 2020, the transport of goods for the beneficiary intended in Article 1, first paragraph, 4 °, of the Decree of December 14, 2006 concerning the recognitions The subsidization of the "Initiatives de Dévelpification de l'Emploi dance le Secteur des Services de Proximitéà Finalité Social" (Initiatives for the development of employment in the Sector of Buurtdiensten with a social goal), abbreviated: "I.D.E.E.E.E.E.E.E.S. ". The transport of goods referred to in the first paragraph includes transport for the benefit of the beneficiaries, of food and basic branches iggren, as well as the transport of laundry.art. 22. Contrary to Article 11, § 1, paragraph 1, 3 and 4 of the Decree of 21 June 2007, the Decree of 14 December2006 on the recognition and subsidization of the "Initiatives de Dévelpement de L" Emploi Dansle Secteur des Services de Proximité à Finalité Social "(Initiatives for the development of employment in the Sector of neighborhood services with a social purpose), abbreviated:" I.D.E.S.S. ", is the amount of the allowance with regard to the year 2020, referred to in article, referred to in article 11, § 1, paragraph 1, 3 and 4, of the same decision calculated on the basis of the year 2020, excluding the months of June to August2020, divided by two and multiplied by four if the amount thus obtained is greater than the amount on the basis of all months of 2020 is obtained. Chapter VI. - Final provisionsart.23. This Decree has elaboration on 1 June 2020 with the exception: 1 ° of Articles 3 and7 that have elaboration on 1 May 2020; 2 ° of Articles 10, 16, 18 and 22 who elaborate on January 1, 2020.Art. 24. The Minister of Employment, Training, charged with the social economy, is responsible for the implementation of this decision. Names, 16 June 2020. For derehreges: the Prime Minister, e. Di Rupode Minister of Employment, Training, Health, Social Action, Equal Opportunities and Women's Rights, Ch. Correation