Publication: 2020-12-18Numac: 202004248Federal Public Service Financial General Administration for Policy Expertise and Support. - Regulation service. - Agreement in mutual consultation between the competent authorities of Luxembourg and Belgium to extend the Agreement of Mutual Consultation of 19 May 2020 with regard to the situation of the frontier workers in the context of the fight against the spread of COVID-19, as extended by the agreements of 19 June 2020 and of 24 August 20201. Introduction to 19 May 2020 Luxembourg and Belgium entered into an agreement on mutual consultation based on Article 25, paragraph 3 of the agreement between the Kingdom of Belgium and the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg for the prevention of double taxation and regulating some other matters regarding Taxes of income and assets, and the relevant final protocol, signing up 19.09.1970, as amended by the Avenants from 11.12.2002 and 16.07.2009 (hereinafter the "Agreement"). This agreement was published in the Belgian Official Gazette of 29 May 2020, edition 1, bl. 38448.2. Providing the agreement provides that it can be extended from 1 July 2020 to the final van each month if both competent authorities agree in writing at least one week before the start of the month. The agreement provides that it will be unilaterally terminated by each competent authority can be notified by the other competent authority. This notification serves at the latest one week before the start of the relevant calendar month. In that case the agreement stop to apply from the 1st day of the relevant calendar month.On 13 June 2020, the competent authorities of Luxembourg and Belgium have concluded a first agreement that the agreement extends until August 31, 2020. On 24 August 2020, the competent authorities have of Luxembourg and Belgium a second agreement concluded that the agreement extends to December 31, 2020. Intext, the competent authorities of Luxembourg and Belgium agree to extend the application of the Akkoordeen third time until March 31, 2021.3. Announcementdit Extension Agreement Sales are published in the Belgian Official Gazette. Achieved by the undersigned competent authorities on December 7, 2020: for the competent authority of Belgiump. The Vos Advisor-General Finance, Belgium for the competent authority of Luxembourgp. Toussing director of the Taxes, LuxembourgPublication: 2020-12-18Numac: 202004318ministerie of the French Community December 10, 2020.-Decree of the government of the French Community of Special Powers No 40 on the exceptional subsidization of the organizing agents of ordinary and specialized secondary education with the aim of the purchase of the computer equipment in the context of the COVID-19 crisis government of the French Community, in view of Article 1, § 1, b), f) and h), of the Decree of 14 November 2020 to the government to the government To respond to the second wave of the "COVID-19" Health crisis, gave the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on 12 November 2020; in view of the agreement finding of the Minister of Budget of November 1, 2020; in view of the advice of the council van State No. 68.326/2, given on 24 November2020, with application of Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973; e consultation organized on October 30, 2020 with the federations of the organizational powers; Considering the "Gentertest" of 12 November2020 carried out by application of Article 4, second paragraph, 1 °, of the Decree of 7 January 2016 containing the gender dimension in the whole of the policies of the French Community; predominantly pandemic in connection with the distribution of COVID-19 and the large-scale health crisis that is the result of it, in particular in Belgium; Equipment has their distance to follow remote courses; in view of the urgent necessity, the fact that measures must be taken quickly to meet the new material needs as well as the current pandemic; in view of the urgent necessity to grant school furnishing an exceptional subsidy, Intended to be in ST to set the necessary investment cover to acquire a stock of computers/tablets that can be made available from the students who do not have the opportunity to acquire this; on the nomination of the Prime Minister's budget; after deliberation, decides : Article 1. This is the purpose of determining the conditions for the granting of exceptional subsidies on the organizing in the ordinary and specialized secondary education with regard to the purchase of computers and/or tablets in the context of the current Pandemieemie.art. 2. This decision is applying to every organizing power of ordinary, specialized and alternating education, insofar as the subsidies are requested for goods that fall within the scope of Article3 of this Decree. 3. § 1. The subsidy is intended to enable beneficiaries to cover the costs, as eligible expenses, in connection with the purchase of the following training material: 1 ° each type of new or in good condition portable computer; 2 ° each; Type of new or in good condition computer tablet. § 2. The purchased equipment must meet the minimum technical criteria laid down in the type frame that is approved by the government.art. 4. § 1. The material that the organizing powder via grants the subsidies by this Decree must be made available in the event of a priority of students whose parents or the legal controller do not have the financial capacity to acquire this material themselves. In addition to these priority students, the material is available to the students with due observance of the following priorities: 1 ° the student geomes written in one year with a diploma are equipped for priority; 2 ° delegations registered in the years that were most influenced by the organization from distance education; 3 ° the students with more family members who will probably follow distance education; 4 ° the students registered in the options/courses that require the most access to these types of material. § 2. The posting referred to in § 1 will be free and will be regulated by an agreement agreement concluded between the school establishment and the legal controller of the student who will be able to use this material. A model of agreement will be announced by a circular letter to Allinichting powers of the French community. § 3. If the equipment can be handed over by the establishment, a deposit is requested. That deposit may in no way be the amount of 50 euro verdks and its application must be adjusted to the financial resources for which the parents or the legal responsible of the beneficiary student have. § 4The Agreement of Visiting obliges the students to care for the computer equipment available for careful use in accordance with the intended purpose. This also obliges the student to return the material at the end of the school year at the latest, and in the same state as the computer equipment was in when it was made available to him, given his normalness. Important malfunctions are covered by the normal usage guarantee and are therefore not due to a defect in the equipment, in such cases the establishment has the right not to repay the deposit to the parents or the legal responsible of the beneficiary student or for compensation To be demanded for repair met a maximum of € 150. In the case of theft, a declaration of theft at depolition services must be submitted to the school to confirm the actual theft of the material.§ 5. The possible reimbursements will, as the deposit, be adjusted or even can be canceled from the financial situation of the parents or the law In any case, the person responsible for the students may not be an obstacle to access to the equipment. In the event of disagreement in between, the parents or the legal controller of the student and the establishment on the application of these further rules, the material must be made available to the student pending a solution. § 6. Any unlawful application of the deposit and/or the theft/repair allowance intended in § 3 must be reported to the organizing power of the establishment. Without response Vandeze Last can be submitted to the services of the government of the French Community within thirty days after submission, or if the latter cannot find a solution. The following addresses: Ministèredede La Communauté FrançaiseDirection Générale de l'Ensigement BondoRiTirectionde l'AppuRe Lavallée, 11080 bruxellesinfo@mes-outils-numeriques.cfwb.bedadministratie must give a receipt of the request of the request. § 1. Any organizing power referred to in this Decree can enjoy a right to draw the maximum amount calculated according to the following formula: (N * 5 %) * 500 € = Maximum drawing rights = number of students dependent on the organizing power at the count On 1 October 2020 § 2. The amount determined pursuant to the application of§ 1 of this article is the maximum amount to which the organizing power is entitled.art.6. § 1. The amount determined in Article 5 may only be used for the purchase of the equipment permitted in Article 3. § 2. This amount must be used to purchase a number of devices equal to 5 percent of the population of secondary education , Depending on the organizing authority, determined during the count on October 1, 2020. Consider the number was not communicated by the organizing power, the count will be determined on January 15, 2020 -dan. The organizing authority is responsible for the distribution of the aircraft purchased under The establishments provided that each device has a stock that is equal to 5% of its own population. § 3. Each equipment can be reimbursed Avade Subsidies provided by this decision for a maximum amount of 500 euros per equipment .§ 4. The organizing power can purchase an unlimited number of devices, but may not apply for a higher amount from the government's services than its drawing right .Art. 7. The subsidy will be paid after submitting the services of the Government of Invoices that show the purchase of equipment and documents showing that the legislation on public procurement contracts is being complied with. of these purchases and the date on which the equipment was ordered. The further rules for submitting the supporting documents and the accompanying form will be specified in the circular by the government. 30 June 2021 are delivered to the services of the government.art.8. To be eligible for reimbursement, the equipment must be ordered from the supplier between 1 September 2020 and 30 June2021.Art. 9. This decision comes into effect on the day on which it is signed .Art. 10. The Prime Minister, the Minister of Budget and the Minister of Ministers Regular and Specialized Secondary Education are each in terms of they are responsible for implementation Vandit Decree.brussel, 10 December 2020. The Prime Minister, P.-YJezholetdeminister of budget, civil servants, equal opportunities and the supervision of "Wallonie Bruxelles Enseigement", Fr.Daerdende Minister of Education, c.Desir