Publication: 2021-09-29NUMAC: 2021033289Federal Public Service Financial administration for policy expertise and support. - Regulation service. - Agreement in mutual consultation between the competent authorities of Luxembourg and Belgium to extend the agreement mutual consultation of 19 May 2020 with regard to the situation of the frontier workers in the context of the fight against the distribution of COVID-19, as extended by the agreements of 19 June 2020.24 August 2020, 7 December 2020, 12 March 2021 and 11 June 20211. Introduction to 19mei 2020 Luxembourg and Belgium concluded an agreement in mutual consultation based on Article 25, paragraph of the agreement between the Kingdom of Belgium and the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg to prevent the prevention of vandublation and regulation of some other matters regarding income and power taxes, and the relevant final protocol, signed on 19.09.1970, as amended by DeAvenanten from 11.12.2002 and 16.07.2009 (hereinafter the "Agreement"). Agreed was published in the Belgian Official Gazette of 29 May 2020, edition 1, bl. 38448.2. Extension the agreement provides that it can be extended from 1 July 2020 until the end of each month if both -authorized authorities agree in writing at least one week before the start of the month. The agreement provides that it can be terminated unilaterally by each competent authority by giving knowledge of this to the other competent authority. This notification must be done at the latest one week before the start of the relevant calendar month. In that case, the agreement will be applicable from the 1st day of the relevant calendar month. On 19 June 2020, the competent authorities of Luxembourg and Belgium have concluded a first agreement that extends the agreement until 31 August 2020. On 24 August 2020, the competent authorities have from Luxembourg and Belgium a second agreement concluded that the agreement extends to December 31, 2020. On December 7, 2020, Debijte Autoegen van Luxembourg and Belgium have concluded a third agreement that extends the agreement to 31 March 2021. On March 12, 2021, the competent authorities of Luxembourg and Belgium concluded that the agreement extends to June 30, 2021. On 11 June 2021, Debijte Autoeggenden van Luxembourg and Belgium have concluded a fifth agreement that extends the agreement to 30 September 2021. In this context, the competent authorities of Luxembourg and Belgium apply to application of the agreement to extend a sixth time until December 31, 2021.3. Announcement deputy extension agreement will be published in the Belgian Official Gazette. Achieved by the undertaked competent authorities on 23 September 2021: for the competent authority of Belgiump.de Vosadvise-General FPS Finance, Belgium for the competent authority of Luxembourg.tousing director of the Taxes, TaxesPublication: 2021-10-04numac: 2021033298federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products28 September 2021.-Decision containing the import and use of the drug Bamlanivimab and Etesevimab for the treatment of COVID-19DE Minister of Health, Geretop the law of 25 March 1964 on the medicines, Article 6quater, § 1, first paragraph, 5 °); having regard to the Royal Decree of 14 December 2006 on medicines for human and veterinary use, Article 110, third paragraph; in view of the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on September 2021; Having regard to the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, Article 3, § 1; in view of the urgent necessity; whereas the current premises of COVID-19, a disease caused by the SARS-COV- 2 virus, in Belgium and Derest of the world; whereas the pathogenic and contagious nature of the SARS-COV-2 virus, are different variants who circulate in Europe (see: https://www.ecdc.europa.eu/en/covid-19/Varianhants group) and the significant impact on the transferability, severity and/or immunity that probably have an influence on epidemiological situation in the EU/EEA and on the serious threat that this pays for public health; predominantly the winter period announcing itself, favorable for a peak of respiratory disorders that are common in winter; The dominance of the infectious Delta variant, which entails a greater risk of transfer and hospitalization; Considering the various epidemiological models that have been proposed to the government that announce a possible new peak of the pandemiexes consequences of SARS-COV2 in the period October/November ; Considering the full vaccination rate in certain zones in Belgium is only about 50 % (on 23/09/2021), which is not yet a guarantee i s for optimum protection for certain population groups; whereas the treatments that have been licensed to treat COVID-19 are still limited; Only fevering dexamethasone are indicated in patients older than 12 years with pneumonia who are oxygen therapy needed; whereas the positive interim results of the clinical study with the medicine bamlanivimab and ethesevimab, two monoclonal antibodies that have been demonstrated with Devirale with Devirale -COV-2 Reduce (see https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/documents/referral/eli-lilly-company-company-antibody-body-bamlanivimab/etesevimab-covid19-article-53-procedure-assessment -Treport_en.pdf); Considering the scientific advice of 16/03/2021 of the Medicines Committee for Human Use (Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use - CHMP), lodged at the European Medicines Office (EMA), in which this committee comes to the decision that, based on available preliminary data from the current clinical study that this monoclonal antibodies combination can be used for the Treatment of patients with COVID-19 who do not need oxygen therapy and who develop risk running a serious form of COVID-19; ChMP (see https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/documents/referral/eli-lilly-company-company-antibody-Antibody-bamlanivimab/eteseevimab-covid19-article-53-procedure-Conditionsuse-condition -Distribution patient-targeted_enpdf) -19 in Belgium ", prepared by the Scientific Committee founded within Sciensano, as one of the treatment options for patients with moderate COVID-19, who belong to a risk category as a result of the presence of other pathologies at the time of infection with the SARS-COV-2 virus; predominant the common advice on access to antibodies against SARS-COV-2 for the early treatment of patients with immune deficiencies of the Royal Academy of Medicine of Belgium (KAGB) and Académie Royale de Médecine de Belgique (Armb) of 30 April 2021; that the Belgianestate at the end of September 2021 on a strategic stock of mon Oklonal antibodies should have that should be delivered as soon as possible according to the needs of the hospitals, in order to suffer patients who suffer from SARS-COV-2 and to develop a serious form of COVID-19, treat the import, decides, decide, The purchase, episode and administration of the combination of monoclonal antibodies to allow bamlanivimab and eteseimab to the treatment of COVID-19 drilled by the SARS-COV-2 virus, under the following conditions: 1 ° the drug combination Bamlanivimab and Etesevimab can only be prescribed by a doctor, connected to hospital, as referred to in Article 2 of the coordinated law of 10 July 2008 at the hospitals and other care institutions, and this after a prior advice, of a multidisciplinary expert panel, consisting of doctors associated with a university hospital, as referred to in Article 4 of the coordinated law of 10 July 2008 on the hospitals and other care institutions. This panel of experts consists at least an infectiologist and immunologist. When prescribing as well as formulating the advice by the expert panel, the recommendations are included in the denational treatment guideline "Interim Clinical Guidance for Adults with Suspended or Confirmed Covid-19 in Belgium"; 2 ° Only a hospital pharmacy, as referred to in Article 1, 1 °, of the Royal Decree of 30 September 2020 containing the preparation and delivery of medicines and using the distribution of medical devices within care institutions, can, after submitting one -medical prescription, the combination of medicines can order Bamlanivimab and Etesimabab from the minister designated wholesaler which manages strategic stock of venematic agents on behalf of the Belgian state; 3 ° The aforementioned hospital pharmacy fills in the form of this decision with every import, every purchase or order of the drugs bamlanivimab andetesimab; These forms are stored in a unique register that is kept available of the Fagg; 4 ° the Medicines Bamlanivimab and Eteivimab are administered under Medischtzurgeicht from a doctor associated with a hospital, as referred to in Article 2 of the Coordinated Act of 10 July 2008 at the hospitals and other care institutions; 5 ° the hospitals sets monthly follow -up reports of the treatments administered to patients treated with the drugs bamlanivimab and etheimabab. These reports only contain anonymized, aggregate data, and contain at least: the suspected unwanted side effects that were determined, the mortality figures in 29 days after administration and the recording at intensive care within 29 days after administration. These reports are transferred monthly to the FAGG.6 ° In the event that a permit for the trade, as referred to in Article 3, first paragraph, of Regulation (EC) No 726/2004 of the European Parlements, the Council of 31 March 2004 adopted of Community procedures for granting permits and the supervision of medicines for human and veterinary use and the establishment of a European Medicines Office has been granted for the medicine in question, the packaging of the pierced drugs are bamlanivimab and etesimababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababit are still available in the strategic stock of the Belgian State, divided and uses the conditions of this decision. This decision applies immediately. The decision is valid until 1 June 2022. However, it will be shown as soon as Bamlanivimab and Eteseimab is a permit for the marketing of COVID-19.Brussel, 28 September for the combination of Bamlanivimab and Eteseimab 2021The Minister of Health, Fr.vandenbroucke for the consultation of the table, see Visual to be added to our decision of 28 September 2021.Deminister of Health, Fr.VandenbrouckePublication: 2021-10-04numac: 2021033299federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products28 September 2021.-Decree on the permission for the import and use of the drug Sotrovimab for the treatment of COVID-19De Minister of Health, Given the law of March 25, 1964 on the Medicines, Article 6quater, § 1, first paragraph, 5 °); in view of the Royal Decree of 14 December 2006 on medicines for human and veterinary use, Article 110, third paragraph; Having regard to the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on September 2021; In view of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, Article 3, § 1; In view of the urgent necessity; whereas the current premises of COVID-19, a disease caused by the SARS-COV-2 virus , in Belgium and Derest of the world; whom the pathogenic and contagious nature of the SARS-COV-2 virus, are different variants that have CI in Europe rculate (see: https://www.ecdc.europa.eu/en/covid-19/varianhantsgrace) and the significant impact on the transferability, severity and/or immunity that probably have an influence on the epidemiological situation in the EU/EEA and on the serious threat that this pose for public health, the contagious Delta variant, which entails a greater risk of transfer and hospitalization; Considering the different epidemiological models that have been proposed to the government that announce a possible new peak of the pandemiexes of SARS-COV2 in the period October/November; full vaccination rate in certain zones in Belgium is only approximately 50 % (on 23/09/2021), which is not yet a guarantee for optics ale protection for certain population groups; Only Vlakuryen Dexamethasone are indicated in patients over 12 years of age with pneumonia who have oxygen therapy need; whereas the positive interim results of the clinical study with the Sotrovimab, a monoclonal antibody that has a fall in an interim analysis of the number of hospital and death of the number of hospital recordings demonstrate (see https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/news/ema-issues-adviezen- use-sotrovimab-vir-7831-treatment covid-19); Considering the scientific advice of 21/05/2021 of the Committee for Medicines for Human Use (Committee for Medicinal Products For Human Use - CHMP), established at the European Medicines Office (EMA), in which this committee comes to the decision on the basis of available preliminary Data from the current clinical study Datdze Monoclonal AntiLichame can be used for the treatment of patients with COVID-19 who do not require any oxygen therapy and who run the risk of developing a serious form of COVID-19; as well as the supervision of safety, included as an appendix to the same advice from the CHMP (see https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/documents/referral/sotrovimab-also-known-vir-7831-gsk4182136-covid19--9- article-53 procedure-conditions-use-conditions_enpdf) -19 in Belgium ", prepared by the Scientific Committee founded within Sciensano, as one of the treatment options for patients with moderate COVID-19, who belong to a risk category as a result of the presence of other pathologies at the time of infection with the SARS-COV-2 virus; predominant the common advice on access to antibodies against SARS-COV-2 for the early treatment of patients with immune deficiencies of the Royal Academy of Medicine of Belgium (KAGB) and Académie Royale de Médecine de Belgique (Armb) of 30 April 2021; that the Belgianestate at the end of September 2021 on a strategic stock of mon Oklonal antibodies should have that should be delivered as soon as possible according to the needs of the hospitals, in order to suffer patients who suffer from SARS-COV-2 and to develop a serious form of COVID-19, treat the import, decides, decide, The purchase, delivery and administration of sotrovimabe to be treated for the treatment of COVID-19 caused by the SARS-COV-2 virus, under the following conditions: 1 ° The sotrovimab drug can only be prescribed by a doctor connected to a hospital, connected to a hospital, As referred to in Article 2 of the Coordinated Act of 10 July2008 at the hospitals and other care institutions, and this after a prior advice, of one -multi -disciplinary expert panel, consisting of doctors associated with a University Hospital, as referred to in Article 4 of the Coordinated Act of 10 July 2008 at the hospitals and other care institutions. This panel of experts exists least Ens from an infectiologist and immunologist. When prescribing as well as formulating the advice by the expert panel, the recommendations were taken into account in the National Treatment Directive "Interim Clinical Guidance for Adults with Suspedor Confirmed COVID-19 in Belgium"; 2 ° Only a hospital pharmacy, as referred to in Article1, 1 ° , of the Royal Decree of 30 September 2020 on the preparation and delivery of medicines the use and distribution of medical devices within care institutions, can, after submitting a medical prescription, order the sotrovimab medicine from the wholesaler who is commissioned by the minister who on behalf of the Belgian state manages strategic stock of medicines; 3 ° The aforementioned hospital pharmacy fills in the form attached to this decision with every entry, each application or order of the sotrovimab drug; These forms are stored in a unique register that is kept available to the FAGG; 4 ° The drug Sotrovimabab is served by a doctor's medical supervision associated with a hospital, as referred to in Article2 of the Coordinated Act of 10 July 2008 on the hospitals and others Care institutions; 5 ° Hospitals prepare monthly follow -up reports of the treatments administered to patient treated with the sotrovimab drug. These reports only contain anonymized, aggregate data, and contain at least: the suspected unwanted side effects that were determined, the mortality figures in 29 days after administration and the recording at intensive care within 29 days after administration. These reports are transferred monthly to the FAGG.6 ° In the event that a permit for the trade, as referred to in Article 3, first paragraph, of Regulation (EC) No 726/2004 of the European Parlements, the Council of 31 March 2004 adopted Community procedures for granting permits and the supervision of medicines for human and veterinary use and the establishment of a European medicine agency has been granted for the medicine in question, the packaging of the no-granted drug Sotrovimab that is still decisivable at the time of granting a stated permit are divided and used in the strategic stock of the Belgian State, and used conditions of this decision. This decision applies immediately. The decision is valid until 1 June 2022.brussel, 28 September 2021. The Minister of Health, Fr. Vandenbroucke for the consultation of the table, see image seen to be added to our decision of 28 September 2021. The Minister of Health, Fr. VandenbrouckePublication: 2021-10-13Numac: 20210333350brussels-Capital Region22 September 2021.-Decree of the Brussels-Capital Government amending various provisions regarding the appointment of competent officials in the context of the tax procedures, the low-emission zone and certain premiumsized Brussels capital government , In view of the ordinance do 2 May 2013 containing the Brussels Code of Air, Climate and Energy Management, Articles 3.2.19.3.2.20 and 3.2.23, § 1 Brussels -Capital Region for heavy vehicles referred to or uses for the transport of goods by road, to replace the Eurovignette, Articles 22 and 32; in view of the ordinance of 23 November 2017 containing legislative adjustments with a view to the acquisition of the Real Estate Agency for taxation the Brussels -Capital Region, Article 14; Getting the ordinance of 6 March 2019 on the Brussels Codex Fiscal Procedure, Articles 14, § 1 and § 2, first paragraph, 15, 56, first paragraph, second case, 64, 78, first paragraph, 79, Primary member, 80, second paragraph, 101, § 1, first paragraph, § 6, first paragraph, 101, 102, first paragraph and 106, first paragraph, in view of the decision of the Brussels -Capital Government of 24 September 2015 on the execution of the ordinance of 29 July 2015 in the introduction of a kilometer -levy in the Brussels Capital Region for heavy vehicles referred to or used for transport of goods by road, to replace the Eurovignette; Having regard to the decision of the Brussels-capital government of 25 January 2018 on the establishment of a low-emission zone; Government of 22 February 2018 implementing the ordinance fans 23 November 2017 containing legislative adjustments with a view to the acquisition of the Real Estate Department by the Brussels -Capital Region; in view of the B. of the Brussels -Capital Regulation of 26 September 2019 on the appointment of competent officials in the context of the ordinance fans 6 March 2019 on the Brussels Codex Fiscal Procedure; In view of the equal Chance test in accordance with Article 2 of the ordinance of 4 October 2018, the introduction of the equal Kansentestwerd carried out on 20 August 2021; Regulations in the meaning of Article 3, § 1, first paragraph, of the coordinated laws on the Council of State of 12 January 1973, so that these designs are not subject to the advice of the Council of State, Division of Legislation.Op proposal of the Minister of Finance, after deliberation, decision: Article 1. Article 4 of the decision of the Brussels -Capital Government of 24 September 2015 on the implementation of the ordinance of 29 July 2015 to introduce a kilometer charge in the Brussels -Capital Region for heavy vehicles referred to or used for the transport of goods by road, too r Replacement of the Eurovignette is supplemented with seven members, reading: "In the event that the relation of Director-General of Brussels taxation is not covered, the powers of this official are exercised by the deputy director-general of Brussels taxation. In case of the absence of the Director-General of Brussels Taxation, the powers of this civil servant are exercised by the deputy director-general of Brussels taxation. In case the relation of Deputy Director-General of Brussels Taxation is not affected, the powers of this official are exercised by the director's head of the head of service Brussels Taxation that has the largest service seniority within Brussels Taxation of the directors' heads present. In the case of the absence of the deputy director-general of Brussels taxation, the powers of this official are exercised by the Director of Brussels Fiscality Deputy Die the greatest Servicesancia Nnity from within Brussels taxation The director's service heads that are present. In case there is no director's head of Brussels, the authority is granted in the two preceding members exercised by the director of Brussels Taxation with the largest service seniority of Brussels Taxation of the Directorate is present . In case there is no director of Brussels taxation, then the authority is granted in the previous paragraph by the first attaché of Brussels taxation with the largest service seniority within Brussels Taxation of the first attachés presentIf there is no first attaché of Brussels taxation, the authority is given in the previous paragraph exercised by the Attaché of Brussels Taxation with the largest service seniority of Brussels Taxation of the attachés that are present. ". Art. 2. Article 6 of the same decision becomes supplemented with seven members, reading: "In the event that the relation of director-general of Brussels taxation is not covered, the powers of this official are exercised by the Deputy Director of Brussels Taxation. In the case of the absence of the Director-General of Brussels Taxation Taxation , the powers of this official are exercised by the deputy director-general of Brussels taxation. In case the relation of deputy director-general of Brussels taxation is not held, the powers of this official are exercised by the director of Brussels Head of Brussels that the largest Service seniority has within Bruss el taxation of the directors' heads present. In the case of the absence of the deputy director-general of Brussels Taxation, the powers of this official are exercised by the director's head of Brussels Fiscality Department that has the largest service committee of the taxation of the director's service heads present . In case there is no director's head of Brussels taxation, the authority is granted in the two previous members exercised by the Director of Brussels Taxation with the largest service seniority within Brussels Taxation of the directors are present. In case there is no director of Brussels taxation present If, then the authority is granted in the previous paragraph by the first attaché of Brussels taxation with the largest service seniority within Brussels Taxation of the first attachés present. If the authority is given in the previous paragraph, the authority is exercised by the Attaché of Brussels Taxation with the largest service seniority within Brussels Taxation of the Attachés that are present. ". Art. 3. The following changes are made to Article 11 of the Self -Decree: 1 °. In the second paragraph, the words "The Deputy Secretary-General of the Brussels Regional Service Service" are always replaced by dewords "The Deputy Director General of Brussels Taxation"; 2 °. The third paragraph is lifted; 3 °. This article is supplemented with five members reading: "In the event that the relation of deputy director-general of Brussels taxation is not covered, the powers of this civil servant are exercised by the director's head of Brussels taxation that the The largest service seniority of the directors are present within the head of the deputy of the absence of the deputy director-general of Brussels taxation, the powers of this official are exercised by the director of Brussels Head of the Binnenbrussel Fiscality of the Directors Heads of service that are present. In case there is no director's head of Brussels taxation, then the authority is granted in the two previous people exercised by the director of Brussels Taxation with the largest service seniority Binnen -Brussel Taxation of the directors present so In case there is no director of Brusselfiscality present, then the authority is granted in the previous paragraph by Die first Attaché of Brussels Taxation with the greatest service seniority within Brussels Taxation of the first attachés present. In case there is no first attaché of Brussels Taxation is, then the authority is granted in the preceding paragraph by the Attaché Vanbrussel Taxation with the greatest service seniority within Brussels Taxation of the Attachés that are generally. ". Art. 4. Article 11 of the Decree of the Brussels-Capital Government of 25 January 2018 on the establishment of a low-emission zone is supplemented with seven members, reading: "In the event that the relevant of the Director-General of Brussels taxation is not held, the powers of This civil servant exercised by the deputy director-general Vanbrussel taxation. In the case of the absence of the director-general of Brussels taxation, the powers of this civil servant are exercised by the deputy director general of Brusseliscecality. In case the relation of deputyt- Director-General of Brussels Taxation Niet is held, the powers of this civil servant are exercised by the Director of Head of Vanbrussel Taxation that has the largest service seniority within Brussels Taxation of the directors' service heads presentIn the event of the absence of the deputy director-General of Brussels Taxation, the powers of this official are exercised by the Director of Head of Brussels Taxation that has the largest service seniority within Brussels Taxation of the directors' heads present. In case there is no director head of Brussels Taxation is, then the authority is granted in the two preceding members exercised by the Director of Brussels Taxation with the largest service seniority within Brussels Taxation of the directors are present. In case no director of Brussels taxation is present, then the authority is granted in the foregoing member exercised by the first attaché of Brussels taxation with the largest service seniority within Brussels Taxation of the first attachés that are present. Practiced by the Attaché of Brussels Taxation with the largest service seniority within Brussels Taxation of the Attachés that are present. ". Art. 5. Article 12 of the Self-Decree is supplemented with seven members, reading: "In the event that the relation of Director-General of Brussels taxation is not covered, the powers of this civil servant are exercised by the deputy director-general of Brussels taxation. In case of absence of the director-general of Brussels taxation, the powers of this official are exercised by the deputy director-general of Brussels taxation. In case the relation of deputy director-general of Brussels taxation is not affected, the powers of this civil servant are exercised by the Head of the Head of Brussels Taxation that has the largest service seniority within Brussels Taxation of the Directorate-Servants who are present. In the case of the absence of the Deputy Director-General of Brussels Taxation, the powers of this civil servant are exercised by the Director of Brussels Taxation Department that the largest Diensta Nciennity has taxation of the directors' heads present within Brussels. In case there is no director's head of Brussels, the authority is granted in the two previous members exercised by the Director of Brussels Taxation with the largest service committee within Brussels Taxation of the Directorate present If there is no director of Brussels taxation, the authority is granted in the previous paragraph by the first attaché of Brussels taxation with the largest service seniority within Brussels Taxation of the first attachés present. Taxation is present, then the authority is assigned to the previous paragraph by the Attaché of Brussels Taxation with the largest service seniority within Brussels Taxation of the Attachés that are present. ". Art. 6. The following changes are made to Article 14 of the Self -Decree: 1 °. In the first and second paragraphs "the director's head of Brussels Taxation that has the largest service seniority in this administration" replaced the words "the deputy director-general of Brussels taxation"; 2 °. This article is supplemented with five members read : "In the event of the relation of deputy director-general of Brussels taxation, the powers of this civil servant are exercised by the director's head of Brussels taxation that the largest service seniority has within the brussful scality of the directors of service heads present. In case of absence Vande Deputy Director General of Brussels Taxation, the powers of this official are exercised by the Director Head of Brussels Taxation that has the largest service for the Binnenbrussel taxation of the directors of service heads. In case there is no director's head of Brussels taxation, then If the authority is granted in the two previous parts of the Director of Brussels Taxation with the largest service seniority in Binnenbrussel Taxation of the directors present. In case there is no director of Brussel discomfort, then the authority is granted in the previous paragraph by Deeperste Attaché of Brussels Taxation with the largest service seniority within Brussels Taxation of the first attachés that are present. In case there is no first attaché of Brussels taxation, then the authority is granted in the previous paragraph by the Attaché Vanbrussel Taxation with the largest service committee within Brussels Taxation of the attachés that are careful. ". Art. 7In Article 14, § 2 of the Decree of the Brussels -Capital Allocation of 22 February 2018, the implementation of the ordinance of 23 November 2017 containing legislative adjustments with a view to the acquisition of the Real Estimation Service by the Brussels -Capital District, the following changes are made: 1 ° . The words "The Director Head of the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation that has the largest service committee within this board" are being replaced by the words "The Deputy Director General of the Regional Public Service Brussels taxation"; 2 °. This paragraph is supplemented by five members: "If the relation of Deputy Director General of the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation is not affected, the powers of this official are exercised by the Director of the Head of the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation that has the greatest dediciency of service within the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation of the directors of service heads present. Invaling of the absence of the Deputy Director General of the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation, the powers of this official are exercised by the Director Head of the Regional Coincence Service that has the largest service committee Within the regional government service Brussels taxation of the directors of service heads who are present. In case there is no director service head of the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation, then the Evoma will be in the two preceding members exercised by the director of the regional government service Brussels taxation with the largest service seniority within the regional government service of the directors who are present. In case no director of the Brussels regional government is present, then the authority is granted in The previous member exercised by the first attaché of the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation with the best service seniority within the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation of the first -tachés that are present. In case there is no first attaché of the Regular Public Service Brussels taxation, then the authority is assigned to the Previous paragraph exercised the attaché of the Brussels Public Service Public Service Taxation with the largest service seniority within the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation of the Attachés that are present. ".Art.8. In Article 6 of the Decree of the Brussels -Capital Government of 26 September 2019, the appointment of competent officials in the context of the ordinance of 6 March 2019 concerning Debussel Codex Fiscal Procedure are made: 1 °. In the second member and third, the words "the director-service head with the largest service committee within the provisions of the Brussels taxation service" are replaced by the words "the deputy director-general of the Brussels Taxation Regional Public Service"; 2 °. This article is supplemented with five members: "In the event that the relation of deputy director-general of the Brussels regional government service is not covered, the powers of this official are exercised by the director's head of the Regional Public Service Brussels taxation that has the metropolitance within the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation of the directors' heads are present. In the case of the absence of the Deputy Director-General of the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation, the powers of this official are exercised by the director of the Brussels Regional Public Service that the Grootstedienstanciennity has Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation of the directors' service heads that are present. In case there is no director's head of the Regional Government Service Brussels Taxation, then the authority will be authorized ID granted in the two previous people exercised by the director of the Brussels Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation with the Greater Service Service within the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation of Directors who are present. In case no director of the Regional Public Service Brussels is present, then the authority is granted in the previous paragraph practiced by the first attaché of DeGewestelijke Public Service Brussels Taxation with the largest service seniority within the regional government service Brussels Taxation of the first attachés presentIn the event that there is no first -time attaché of the Brussels Public Service Regional Public Service, then the authority is performed in the previous paragraph by the attaché of the Regional Public Service Brussel Discity with the largest service service within the regional government service Brussels Taxation of the Attachés present. "Art.". . 9. The following changes made in Article 7, § 2 of the same decision: 1 °. In the second and third paragraph, the words "The Director Head of Service with the largest service seniority within the Regional Public Service Brusselfiscality" are replaced by the words "The deputyt -director-general of the regional government service brussels taxation "; 2 °. This paragraph is supplemented with five members:" In the event that the relation of Deputy Director-General of the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation is not covered, the powers of this official are exercised by The Directu r Dienstenhoofd van de Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation that has the largest service committee within the regional government service Brussels Taxation of the directors of service heads present. Insence of the absence of the deputy director-general of the Brussels Taxation Regional Service, the powers of this civil servant are exercised by The director's head of the regional government service Brussels Taxation that has the largest service committee within the regional government service brussels taxation of the directors of service heads present. In case there is no director's head of the Brussels Taxation Regional Public Service, then the authority is performed in the two previous members by the director of the Regional Public Service Brussels taxation with the largest service committee within the regional government service brussels discomfort of the directors who are present In case there is no director of the Brussels regional government service, then the authority is granted in the previous member exercised by the first attaché of the Brussels Regional Public Service Taxation with the best service service within the Brussels Public Service Taxation of the first -tachés present. In the event that there is no first attaché of the regional government service brussels taxation, the authority is granted in the previous paragraph. The attaché of the Brussels Regional Public Service Taxation with the largest service service in the Brussels Taxation of the Attachés that are present. ". Art.10. This decision has effect from 1 September 2021.Art. 11. The Minister for the President of Finance is responsible for the implementation of this decision.brussel, 22 September 2021.voorde Brussels-Capital Government: the Prime Minister of the Brussels-Capital Allocation, r. Vervoorte Minister charged with finance, budget, public outsource promotion of multilingualism, s. Gatz