Publication: 2021-06-15Numac: 2021042170waal government service 10 June 2021.-Decree consenting with the cooperation agreement of 31 May 2021 between the Federal State, the Flemish Community, the German-speaking community, the Walloon Region and the common community committee on personal data with in view of tracing and investigating clusters and collectivities, with a view to maintaining compulsory quarantine and testing and with a view to supervising compliance by the competent social inspectors of the measures to spread the Coronavirus Covid- 19 to counteract the jobs (1) Hetwaalse Parliament has adopted and we, Walloon Government, ratify what follows: Article1. This decree regulates in accordance with Article 138 of the Constitution Affairs referred to in Articles127 and 128 of them. 2. The cooperation agreement of 31 May 2021 between the Federal State, the Flemish Community, the German -speaking community, the Walloon Region and the common Community Commission -relevant special processing of personal data with a view to detecting and investigating Vanclusters and collectivities, with a view to enforcement of the compulsory quarantine and testing and with a view to supervising compliance by the competent social inspectors of the measures to prevent the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 is approved on the jobs. Official Gazette will be announced. Names, 10 June 2021. de Prime Minister, e. Di Rupode Vice-Minister Presidents Minister of Economy, Foreign Trade, Research, Innovation, Digital Technologies, Spatial Ordinance, Agriculture, the "Ifapme", and the Skills Centers, W. Borsusde vice-minister presidents Minister of Climate, Energy and Mobility, Ph. Henryde Vice-Minister Presidents Minister of Work, Training, Health, Social Action, Equal Opportunities and Women's Rights, CH.MorrealEDe Minister of Budget and Finance, Airports and Sports Infrastructures, J.-L.Cruckede Minister of Housing, the Local Boards and the Urban policy, CH.Collignondonde Minister of Official Affairs, Computer Science, Administrative Simplification, Cut with Child Benefit, Tourism, Heritage and Road Safety, v. De Buede Minister Vanleefmilieu, Nature, Forests, Rural Affairs and Animal Welfare, c. Tellier ______ Note (1) Session 2020-2021: Documents from the Walloon Parliament, 601 (2020-2021) NRS. 1 to 3. Complete report, plenary session of 9 June 2021.BePreking. voting.Publication: 2021-06-17NUMAC: 2021042174Federal Public Service Finance 7 June 2021.-Royal Decree on the implementation of the urgent various tax and fraud provisions report to the Koningsire, in a notice of default of the European Commission of 2 July 2020 addressed to Belgium with regard to the Possible incompatibility of the conversion into Belgian law of Directive (EU) 2016/1164 of 12 July 2016 establishing rules to combat tax avoidance practices that directly influence the operation of the internal market, the Commission noted that in Article 198/1, § 2, second paragraph, second strip, WIB 92, Projects of public-private partnerships are mentioned, while Article 4 (4) (b) of Directive 2016/1164 relates to long-term public infrastructure projects. The legislator has the legislator Through the law of December 20, 2020, urgent fiscal and FR Aud contribution provisions, in Article 198/1 of the Code of the Income Taxes1992 (WIB 92) replacing the references to a project of public-private partnership in a referral naar a long-term public infrastructure project. In the explanation, the legislator stated that it was intended to go back to the definition from Directive 2016/1164. Since you must comply with the modalities determining the taxpayer who wishes the application of Article 198/1, § 2, second paragraph, of the CIR 92, it is necessary to implement the Change of Change of Article 734/10 of the KB /WIB 92, since it laid down the modalities of modal that related to the taxpayers who do not use the financing costs to take on loans that relate to a project of public-private partnership. After all, indit article will now be laid down the modalities that apply to the taxpayer the financing costs do not wish to take loans relating to a long -term public infrastructure project. The aforementioned law of 20 December2020 was intended to create a level playing field Between the companies that, in addition to long-runable infrastructure projects, also realize other projects and that rely on the exclusion is provided for in Article 198/1, § 2, second paragraph, second line, CIR 92, and where you already have the authority to have the necessary to determine modalities, and on the other hand the companies of which the only activity exists in the implementation of a long -term public infrastructure project, and diezich rely on the exclusion provided for in Article 198/1, § 6, first paragraph, 13 °, CIR 92, and for which for You do not yet have the authority to have the necessary modalities t E determine. By providing a delegation for this second category in Article198/1, (2) of the WIB 92, it is also possible to guarantee that the Modaliteitsvoordaan on both types of companies referred to in Article 734/10, KB/WIB 92, Being applies. This design has by no means thebed cooling to set additional conditions with regard to these taxpayers than that DIEBIJ law or in Directive 2016/1164 are laid down. This design therefore only intends to clarify the conditions that the taxpayers must comply with when delivering the proof that one or more loans were concluded in the implementation of a long -term public infrastructure project, whereby the contractor of the project, the financing costs, assets and the assets and assets and The profit is all in the European Union. The evidence is provided in two steps. In the declaration, the means of a statement, of which there is no model, which may determine its form may be determined by the taxpayer, the necessary information about the loan and the long -term public infrastructure project. In addition, the taxpayer collects the evidence provided via the statement Data must rods. These supporting documents must be kept available to the administration and submitted on simple request. In Article 4 (4) of the Second paragraph, of Directive 2016/1164, a long -term public infrastructure project must be understood to mean a project that is intended to be a large -scale active that By a Member State is considered to be of general interest, to be delivered, improving, exploiting and/or maintaining. The statement by the taxpayer therefore aims to be primarily active in the first place to be on large -scale public infrastructure project Delivered, improved, operated or maintained, identify and describe. The public character Vandit infrastructure project must be demonstrated in this statementIt is not necessary for the infrastructure project to be funded with public resources to meet this condition, although the presence of public financing may be an element in the assessment of its public nature. The assessment of the public character is in principle a facts issue that will have to be assessed by the tax administration case. The mention in the statement of a reference to one-official notification of a federal, regional, community, provincial or municipal government or a similar foreign government from which the general interest of the infrastructure project is also apparent can also be an element in the assessment of its public character . The mere fact that the infrastructure project is supplied for the necessary permits is of course not relevant to the assessment of the public nature of the infrastructure project. Being without exhaustiefte can be stated that transport infrastructure (roads, bridges, tunnels, traces, channels, ... ) which is located in a location accessible to the public, energy production and distribution infrastructure, energy infrastructure as referred to in Article 2, point 130, of Regulation (EU) Nr. 651/2014 of the Decommission of 17 June 2014 where certain categories of support based on Articles 107 and 108 of the Convention are declared compatible with the internal market, or infrastructure that aims to have a positive effect on the environment or biodiversity and that goes beyond What the applicable regulations are at least required, assets that are of general interest. If the infrastructure project is not included under one of the above categories, the tax administration will actively test against the following criteria: accessibility, the added value for the environment and society, The extent to which others than the investor can use it. The argument that the infrastructure project contribute to increasing the range of employment in a certain region is not pertinent at the assessment of its public nature. In addition, it is requested to be in the promoted expected or actual duration of the effective work on the first paragraph, first strip, intended infrastructure project. The aim is to see the administration to assess the long -term nature of the project. Although this is not requested, the taxpayer is free to substantiate the long -term nature of the project on the basis of specific elements. State where the project and assets that were realized in the first paragraph, first line, are in the relevant taxable era as a result of this project. For the application of this article, the profit of the infrastructure project is deemed to be with the investor Of this project. In case the infrastructure project with government resources is financed, the government is deemed to be investor and the identity of the investor must not be stated in the statement. In case the investment project is not financed with government resources, for example in the case of a project of public private cooperation, the investor is deemed to be the person or persons who bear the economic risk of the project. In that case, the name and place of location of these persons must be stated in the statement. Person or persons who, pursuant to the execution of the first member, first line, intended project interest or costs that are in accordance with Article 734/8, KB/WIB 92, are economically equivalent to interests. 92, amended, in implementation of the aforementioned Act of 20 December 2020, which has changed the introductory sentence of Article 198/1, § 2, second paragraph, of the CIR 92, so that it is clarified that the exclusion referred to in that paragraph does not only relate to The interest also on the costs and revenues that are economically equivalent to interest. ING report the aforementioned law of 20 December 2020 that entered into force on December 31, 2020, these articles apply from the 2021 assessment year, regardless of whether the taxable era is associated with this, was closed on or between December 31, 2020 and the day on which this Decree The Belgian Official Gazette will be announced or on a taxable era that is closed afterwardsASSLOT is still being corrected in Article 734/11, § 1, KB/WIB 92.This article aims to pay the costs or revenues that are due to or by a domestic company or Belgian establishment that has been part of the entire taxable era of A group of companies and that is not excluded from the application of Article 198/1 of the CIR 92, excluding when determining the EBITDA of the taxpayer. Article 734/11, § 1, second and third paragraph, KB/WIB 92, does not succeed entirely in that design, because only a correction is made for intra-group costs and intra-group revenues that are not intra-group financing costs or intra-group financing revenues. In view of the proceedings of the legislator to achieve the entire group to achieve an equal result such as when the result of the Group is approached consolidated, it is therefore necessary to correct all intra-group transactions correctly. The distinction in article 734/11, § 1, second and third paragraph, KB/WIB 92, is made between intra-group costs and intra-group revenues that are not intra-group finance costs or intra-group financing yields and on the other hand the intra-group-funding-for-term-free-group-finance finance factor Group transactions are not correctly neutralized. In order to arrive at a correct and neutral result in which all intra-group transactions are cleared, all intra-group costs must be corrected intra-group revenues, regardless of whether these costs or revenues are intra-group financing costs or intra-group financing revenue. The changes stations included in Article 5, a and b, of this design to achieve this result. Moreover, it is also explicitly foreseen that a company or institution that forms part of the Belgian Group under the second paragraph can only increase the EBITDA if this increase is compensated in the same way by the application of the third paragraph to another company or establishment that forms part of this group.This last change will come into effect from assessment year 2022. I have the honor to be, Sire, Van Your Majesty, this respectful and very faithful servant, the Minister of Finance, v. Van Peteghemadvies69.264/3 of 18 May 2021 on a draft Royal Decree "conducting the implementing of the law -lending various tax and fraud provisions" On April 22, 2021, the Council of State, Division, was requested by the Minister of Finance within one Term of thirty days provide an advisory person on a draft Royal Decree "Executing the Act on Urgent Dedifier Fiscal and Fraud Control provisions" The draft was examined by the Third Chamber on 18 May 2021. The Chamber was composed of Wilfried van Vaerenbergh, Chamber President, Jeroen Vannieuwenhove and Koen Muylle, State Councils, Bruno Peeters, Assessor, and Astrid Truyens, clerk. The report was issued by Frédéric Vanneste, first auditor was given on 18mei 2021. of Article 84, § 3, first paragraph, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, the Legislation Division has limited itself to the investigation of the authority of the action, of the legal basis, as well as the question Whether the Form Requirements has been met. That research does not give rise to comments. DEGRIPFIER, The chairman, A. Truyens W. van Vaerenbergh7 June2021. - Royal Decree on implementing the law containing urgent various fiscal and fraud-fighting provisions Filip, King of the Belgians, to all who are now and will hereinafter refer to our regards on the Income Tax Code 1992:- Article 198/1, § 2, second paragraph, inserted by the law of 25 December 2017, amended by the law of 20 December2020; Article 198/1, § 3, fourth paragraph, inserted by the law of 2 May 2019;- article 198/1, § 6, second paragraph, inserted by the law of 20 December 2020; in view of the KB/WIB 92; Considering Directive (EU) 2016/1164 of the Council of 12 July 2016 establishing rules to combat tax avoidance practices that directly affect the operation of the internal market; Having regard to the advice of the Finance Inspector given on 7 March 2021; Having regard to the agreement of the Minister of Budget given on 19 April 2021; in view of the advice No 69,264/3 of the Council of State given on 18 May 2021 AR Tikel 84, § 1, first paragraph, 2 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973; on the nomination of the Minister of Finance, we decided and we decide: article1This Royal Decree has the purpose of the partial conversion of Directive (EU) 2016/1164 of the Council of 12 July 2016 establishing rules to combat tax avoidance practices, which are directly affecting the functioning of the internal market.art. 2. In the inscription of Subsection 2 of Section XXVIIBIS/2 of Chapter I of the KB/WIB 92, inserted by the Royal Decree of 20 December 2019, the words "A project of public-private partnership" are replaced by the words "a long-term public infrastructure project ".Art. 3. In Article 734/9, first paragraph, of the same decision, inserted by the Royal Decree of 20 December 2019, words "The interest of these loans" are replaced by the words "the interest or costs or revenue in accordance with Article 734/8 Economically equivalent are the agents of these loans ".Art. 4. Article 734/10, of the same decision, inserted by the Royal Decree of 20 December 2019, will be replaced as follows: "The taxpayer requests the interests or costs or revenues that are equivalent to interest in accordance with Article 734/8economically, of the In Article 198/1, § 2, second paragraph, second line, of the same Code, the loans referred to not to take into account the determination of the financing cost surplus or when he for the application of Article 198/1, § 6, 13 ° of it, of The same Code, he requests, he adds a statement that relates to these loans in which the following information is included per loan agreement:- The identification and description of the large-scale active which is in Article 198/1, § 2, second paragraph, second strip, of the same code of the public infrastructure project is delivered, improved, operated or maintained;- a description of the public character and/ whether one or multiple disclosure to minutes, decisions or other documents from a government showing the general interest or public nature of the infrastructure project referred to in the first line;-the expected or actual duration of the effective work on the in the first Streepjebedjelt infrastructure project; - the place where the intention of intends and the assets that were realized as a result of this project are located- except when the investor of the project is a government, the name and place of establishment of the person or persons who are the economic risk of bear the project- the name and place of location of the person or persons who pursuant to a agreement concluded with the investor for the implementation of the project referred to in the first line-- the name and location of the person or persons who pursuant to the version of the first line B Edoelde project interest or revenues that are economically equal to interest in Article 734/8- except when the taxpayer is requesting the application of Article 198/1, § 6, 13 ° of the same Code, the amount of Article 198/1, § 2, first paragraph, of the same Code, the interest and costs referred to that are economically equivalent to interests that were paid by the taxable period in the course of the taxable era. The application of Article 198/ 1, § 6, 13 °, of the same Code, it may only be requested when a declaration is added to EEA to the declaration that states that the taxpayer does not perform any activity that is not connected to the infrastructure project referred to in the first paragraph, first strip. taxpayer keeps all agreements of other evidence that relates to these loans and If appropriate on the changes, these loans have undergone available to the administration and makes them at simple request. The taxpayer also collects the following evidence, keeps them available to the administration and submits it on simple request: - If applicable, a copievan the minutes, decisions or other documents of an agency referred to in the first paragraph, second line, showing the public character or general interest of the infrastructure project referred to in the first paragraph, first line- documents that the localization of the first member, First line, the project and the assets that were realized as a result of this project can confirm- documents that set the economic and legal framework of the public infrastructure project and in which all parties are identified in the creation of this project. "Art. 5In Article 734/11, § 1, of the same decision, inserted by the Royal Decree of 20 December 2019, the following changes are made: a) In the second paragraph, the words "that are not in Article 198/1, § 2, of the same code of the interest or costs that are economically equivalent to interest have been "replaced by the words" to the extent that the taxpayer has demonstrated that these costs are noted at the transferee of it as income in application of the third paragraph from the EBITDA is neutralized "; b) In the third paragraph, the words" and this income are not included in Article 198/1, § 2, of the same code, interest or revenues that are economically equivalent to interest "in the fourth paragraph, second line , the words "in implementation of a project of public-private partnership are awarded after entering into in accordance with the regulations on public procurement" replaced by the words "in Uitoe Ring of a long -term public infrastructure project ".Art.6. Articles 3, 4 and 5, c, apply from the 2021 tax year. 7. The Overigrepecials of Article 5 apply from the 2022.Art assessment year. 8. The Minister of Authority is responsible for the implementation of this Decree in Brussels, 7 June 2021.philippparle ROI: the Minister of Finance, v. Van Peteghem