Publication: 2021-06-15Numac: 2021042170waal government service 10 June 2021.-Decree consenting with the cooperation agreement of 31 May 2021 between the Federal State, the Flemish Community, the German-speaking community, the Walloon Region and the common community committee on personal data with in view of tracing and investigating clusters and collectivities, with a view to maintaining compulsory quarantine and testing and with a view to supervising compliance by the competent social inspectors of the measures to spread the Coronavirus Covid- 19 to counteract the jobs (1) Hetwaalse Parliament has adopted and we, Walloon Government, ratify what follows: Article1. This decree regulates in accordance with Article 138 of the Constitution Affairs referred to in Articles127 and 128 of them. 2. The cooperation agreement of 31 May 2021 between the Federal State, the Flemish Community, the German -speaking community, the Walloon Region and the common Community Commission -relevant special processing of personal data with a view to detecting and investigating Vanclusters and collectivities, with a view to enforcement of the compulsory quarantine and testing and with a view to supervising compliance by the competent social inspectors of the measures to prevent the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 is approved on the jobs. Official Gazette will be announced. Names, 10 June 2021. de Prime Minister, e. Di Rupode Vice-Minister Presidents Minister of Economy, Foreign Trade, Research, Innovation, Digital Technologies, Spatial Ordinance, Agriculture, the "Ifapme", and the Skills Centers, W. Borsusde vice-minister presidents Minister of Climate, Energy and Mobility, Ph. Henryde Vice-Minister Presidents Minister of Work, Training, Health, Social Action, Equal Opportunities and Women's Rights, CH.MorrealEDe Minister of Budget and Finance, Airports and Sports Infrastructures, J.-L.Cruckede Minister of Housing, the Local Boards and the Urban policy, CH.Collignondonde Minister of Official Affairs, Computer Science, Administrative Simplification, Cut with Child Benefit, Tourism, Heritage and Road Safety, v. De Buede Minister Vanleefmilieu, Nature, Forests, Rural Affairs and Animal Welfare, c. Tellier ______ Note (1) Session 2020-2021: Documents from the Walloon Parliament, 601 (2020-2021) NRS. 1 to 3. Complete report, plenary session of 9 June 2021.BePreking. voting.Publication: 2021-06-17NUMAC: 2021042174Federal Public Service Finance 7 June 2021.-Royal Decree on the implementation of the urgent various tax and fraud provisions report to the Koningsire, in a notice of default of the European Commission of 2 July 2020 addressed to Belgium with regard to the Possible incompatibility of the conversion into Belgian law of Directive (EU) 2016/1164 of 12 July 2016 establishing rules to combat tax avoidance practices that directly influence the operation of the internal market, the Commission noted that in Article 198/1, § 2, second paragraph, second strip, WIB 92, Projects of public-private partnerships are mentioned, while Article 4 (4) (b) of Directive 2016/1164 relates to long-term public infrastructure projects. The legislator has the legislator Through the law of December 20, 2020, urgent fiscal and FR Aud contribution provisions, in Article 198/1 of the Code of the Income Taxes1992 (WIB 92) replacing the references to a project of public-private partnership in a referral naar a long-term public infrastructure project. In the explanation, the legislator stated that it was intended to go back to the definition from Directive 2016/1164. Since you must comply with the modalities determining the taxpayer who wishes the application of Article 198/1, § 2, second paragraph, of the CIR 92, it is necessary to implement the Change of Change of Article 734/10 of the KB /WIB 92, since it laid down the modalities of modal that related to the taxpayers who do not use the financing costs to take on loans that relate to a project of public-private partnership. After all, indit article will now be laid down the modalities that apply to the taxpayer the financing costs do not wish to take loans relating to a long -term public infrastructure project. The aforementioned law of 20 December2020 was intended to create a level playing field Between the companies that, in addition to long-runable infrastructure projects, also realize other projects and that rely on the exclusion is provided for in Article 198/1, § 2, second paragraph, second line, CIR 92, and where you already have the authority to have the necessary to determine modalities, and on the other hand the companies of which the only activity exists in the implementation of a long -term public infrastructure project, and diezich rely on the exclusion provided for in Article 198/1, § 6, first paragraph, 13 °, CIR 92, and for which for You do not yet have the authority to have the necessary modalities t E determine. By providing a delegation for this second category in Article198/1, (2) of the WIB 92, it is also possible to guarantee that the Modaliteitsvoordaan on both types of companies referred to in Article 734/10, KB/WIB 92, Being applies. This design has by no means thebed cooling to set additional conditions with regard to these taxpayers than that DIEBIJ law or in Directive 2016/1164 are laid down. This design therefore only intends to clarify the conditions that the taxpayers must comply with when delivering the proof that one or more loans were concluded in the implementation of a long -term public infrastructure project, whereby the contractor of the project, the financing costs, assets and the assets and assets and The profit is all in the European Union. The evidence is provided in two steps. In the declaration, the means of a statement, of which there is no model, which may determine its form may be determined by the taxpayer, the necessary information about the loan and the long -term public infrastructure project. In addition, the taxpayer collects the evidence provided via the statement Data must rods. These supporting documents must be kept available to the administration and submitted on simple request. In Article 4 (4) of the Second paragraph, of Directive 2016/1164, a long -term public infrastructure project must be understood to mean a project that is intended to be a large -scale active that By a Member State is considered to be of general interest, to be delivered, improving, exploiting and/or maintaining. The statement by the taxpayer therefore aims to be primarily active in the first place to be on large -scale public infrastructure project Delivered, improved, operated or maintained, identify and describe. The public character Vandit infrastructure project must be demonstrated in this statementIt is not necessary for the infrastructure project to be funded with public resources to meet this condition, although the presence of public financing may be an element in the assessment of its public nature. The assessment of the public character is in principle a facts issue that will have to be assessed by the tax administration case. The mention in the statement of a reference to one-official notification of a federal, regional, community, provincial or municipal government or a similar foreign government from which the general interest of the infrastructure project is also apparent can also be an element in the assessment of its public character . The mere fact that the infrastructure project is supplied for the necessary permits is of course not relevant to the assessment of the public nature of the infrastructure project. Being without exhaustiefte can be stated that transport infrastructure (roads, bridges, tunnels, traces, channels, ... ) which is located in a location accessible to the public, energy production and distribution infrastructure, energy infrastructure as referred to in Article 2, point 130, of Regulation (EU) Nr. 651/2014 of the Decommission of 17 June 2014 where certain categories of support based on Articles 107 and 108 of the Convention are declared compatible with the internal market, or infrastructure that aims to have a positive effect on the environment or biodiversity and that goes beyond What the applicable regulations are at least required, assets that are of general interest. If the infrastructure project is not included under one of the above categories, the tax administration will actively test against the following criteria: accessibility, the added value for the environment and society, The extent to which others than the investor can use it. The argument that the infrastructure project contribute to increasing the range of employment in a certain region is not pertinent at the assessment of its public nature. In addition, it is requested to be in the promoted expected or actual duration of the effective work on the first paragraph, first strip, intended infrastructure project. The aim is to see the administration to assess the long -term nature of the project. Although this is not requested, the taxpayer is free to substantiate the long -term nature of the project on the basis of specific elements. State where the project and assets that were realized in the first paragraph, first line, are in the relevant taxable era as a result of this project. For the application of this article, the profit of the infrastructure project is deemed to be with the investor Of this project. In case the infrastructure project with government resources is financed, the government is deemed to be investor and the identity of the investor must not be stated in the statement. In case the investment project is not financed with government resources, for example in the case of a project of public private cooperation, the investor is deemed to be the person or persons who bear the economic risk of the project. In that case, the name and place of location of these persons must be stated in the statement. Person or persons who, pursuant to the execution of the first member, first line, intended project interest or costs that are in accordance with Article 734/8, KB/WIB 92, are economically equivalent to interests. 92, amended, in implementation of the aforementioned Act of 20 December 2020, which has changed the introductory sentence of Article 198/1, § 2, second paragraph, of the CIR 92, so that it is clarified that the exclusion referred to in that paragraph does not only relate to The interest also on the costs and revenues that are economically equivalent to interest. ING report the aforementioned law of 20 December 2020 that entered into force on December 31, 2020, these articles apply from the 2021 assessment year, regardless of whether the taxable era is associated with this, was closed on or between December 31, 2020 and the day on which this Decree The Belgian Official Gazette will be announced or on a taxable era that is closed afterwardsASSLOT is still being corrected in Article 734/11, § 1, KB/WIB 92.This article aims to pay the costs or revenues that are due to or by a domestic company or Belgian establishment that has been part of the entire taxable era of A group of companies and that is not excluded from the application of Article 198/1 of the CIR 92, excluding when determining the EBITDA of the taxpayer. Article 734/11, § 1, second and third paragraph, KB/WIB 92, does not succeed entirely in that design, because only a correction is made for intra-group costs and intra-group revenues that are not intra-group financing costs or intra-group financing revenues. In view of the proceedings of the legislator to achieve the entire group to achieve an equal result such as when the result of the Group is approached consolidated, it is therefore necessary to correct all intra-group transactions correctly. The distinction in article 734/11, § 1, second and third paragraph, KB/WIB 92, is made between intra-group costs and intra-group revenues that are not intra-group finance costs or intra-group financing yields and on the other hand the intra-group-funding-for-term-free-group-finance finance factor Group transactions are not correctly neutralized. In order to arrive at a correct and neutral result in which all intra-group transactions are cleared, all intra-group costs must be corrected intra-group revenues, regardless of whether these costs or revenues are intra-group financing costs or intra-group financing revenue. The changes stations included in Article 5, a and b, of this design to achieve this result. Moreover, it is also explicitly foreseen that a company or institution that forms part of the Belgian Group under the second paragraph can only increase the EBITDA if this increase is compensated in the same way by the application of the third paragraph to another company or establishment that forms part of this group.This last change will come into effect from assessment year 2022. I have the honor to be, Sire, Van Your Majesty, this respectful and very faithful servant, the Minister of Finance, v. Van Peteghemadvies69.264/3 of 18 May 2021 on a draft Royal Decree "conducting the implementing of the law -lending various tax and fraud provisions" On April 22, 2021, the Council of State, Division, was requested by the Minister of Finance within one Term of thirty days provide an advisory person on a draft Royal Decree "Executing the Act on Urgent Dedifier Fiscal and Fraud Control provisions" The draft was examined by the Third Chamber on 18 May 2021. The Chamber was composed of Wilfried van Vaerenbergh, Chamber President, Jeroen Vannieuwenhove and Koen Muylle, State Councils, Bruno Peeters, Assessor, and Astrid Truyens, clerk. The report was issued by Frédéric Vanneste, first auditor was given on 18mei 2021. of Article 84, § 3, first paragraph, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, the Legislation Division has limited itself to the investigation of the authority of the action, of the legal basis, as well as the question Whether the Form Requirements has been met. That research does not give rise to comments. DEGRIPFIER, The chairman, A. Truyens W. van Vaerenbergh7 June2021. - Royal Decree on implementing the law containing urgent various fiscal and fraud-fighting provisions Filip, King of the Belgians, to all who are now and will hereinafter refer to our regards on the Income Tax Code 1992:- Article 198/1, § 2, second paragraph, inserted by the law of 25 December 2017, amended by the law of 20 December2020; Article 198/1, § 3, fourth paragraph, inserted by the law of 2 May 2019;- article 198/1, § 6, second paragraph, inserted by the law of 20 December 2020; in view of the KB/WIB 92; Considering Directive (EU) 2016/1164 of the Council of 12 July 2016 establishing rules to combat tax avoidance practices that directly affect the operation of the internal market; Having regard to the advice of the Finance Inspector given on 7 March 2021; Having regard to the agreement of the Minister of Budget given on 19 April 2021; in view of the advice No 69,264/3 of the Council of State given on 18 May 2021 AR Tikel 84, § 1, first paragraph, 2 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973; on the nomination of the Minister of Finance, we decided and we decide: article1This Royal Decree has the purpose of the partial conversion of Directive (EU) 2016/1164 of the Council of 12 July 2016 establishing rules to combat tax avoidance practices, which are directly affecting the functioning of the internal market.art. 2. In the inscription of Subsection 2 of Section XXVIIBIS/2 of Chapter I of the KB/WIB 92, inserted by the Royal Decree of 20 December 2019, the words "A project of public-private partnership" are replaced by the words "a long-term public infrastructure project ".Art. 3. In Article 734/9, first paragraph, of the same decision, inserted by the Royal Decree of 20 December 2019, words "The interest of these loans" are replaced by the words "the interest or costs or revenue in accordance with Article 734/8 Economically equivalent are the agents of these loans ".Art. 4. Article 734/10, of the same decision, inserted by the Royal Decree of 20 December 2019, will be replaced as follows: "The taxpayer requests the interests or costs or revenues that are equivalent to interest in accordance with Article 734/8economically, of the In Article 198/1, § 2, second paragraph, second line, of the same Code, the loans referred to not to take into account the determination of the financing cost surplus or when he for the application of Article 198/1, § 6, 13 ° of it, of The same Code, he requests, he adds a statement that relates to these loans in which the following information is included per loan agreement:- The identification and description of the large-scale active which is in Article 198/1, § 2, second paragraph, second strip, of the same code of the public infrastructure project is delivered, improved, operated or maintained;- a description of the public character and/ whether one or multiple disclosure to minutes, decisions or other documents from a government showing the general interest or public nature of the infrastructure project referred to in the first line;-the expected or actual duration of the effective work on the in the first Streepjebedjelt infrastructure project; - the place where the intention of intends and the assets that were realized as a result of this project are located- except when the investor of the project is a government, the name and place of establishment of the person or persons who are the economic risk of bear the project- the name and place of location of the person or persons who pursuant to a agreement concluded with the investor for the implementation of the project referred to in the first line-- the name and location of the person or persons who pursuant to the version of the first line B Edoelde project interest or revenues that are economically equal to interest in Article 734/8- except when the taxpayer is requesting the application of Article 198/1, § 6, 13 ° of the same Code, the amount of Article 198/1, § 2, first paragraph, of the same Code, the interest and costs referred to that are economically equivalent to interests that were paid by the taxable period in the course of the taxable era. The application of Article 198/ 1, § 6, 13 °, of the same Code, it may only be requested when a declaration is added to EEA to the declaration that states that the taxpayer does not perform any activity that is not connected to the infrastructure project referred to in the first paragraph, first strip. taxpayer keeps all agreements of other evidence that relates to these loans and If appropriate on the changes, these loans have undergone available to the administration and makes them at simple request. The taxpayer also collects the following evidence, keeps them available to the administration and submits it on simple request: - If applicable, a copievan the minutes, decisions or other documents of an agency referred to in the first paragraph, second line, showing the public character or general interest of the infrastructure project referred to in the first paragraph, first line- documents that the localization of the first member, First line, the project and the assets that were realized as a result of this project can confirm- documents that set the economic and legal framework of the public infrastructure project and in which all parties are identified in the creation of this project. "Art. 5In Article 734/11, § 1, of the same decision, inserted by the Royal Decree of 20 December 2019, the following changes are made: a) In the second paragraph, the words "that are not in Article 198/1, § 2, of the same code of the interest or costs that are economically equivalent to interest have been "replaced by the words" to the extent that the taxpayer has demonstrated that these costs are noted at the transferee of it as income in application of the third paragraph from the EBITDA is neutralized "; b) In the third paragraph, the words" and this income are not included in Article 198/1, § 2, of the same code, interest or revenues that are economically equivalent to interest "in the fourth paragraph, second line , the words "in implementation of a project of public-private partnership are awarded after entering into in accordance with the regulations on public procurement" replaced by the words "in Uitoe Ring of a long -term public infrastructure project ".Art.6. Articles 3, 4 and 5, c, apply from the 2021 tax year. 7. The Overigrepecials of Article 5 apply from the 2022.Art assessment year. 8. The Minister of Authority is responsible for the implementation of this Decree in Brussels, 7 June 2021.philippparle ROI: the Minister of Finance, v. Van PeteghemPublication: 2021-06-16Numac: 2021042204Federal Public Health Service, Safety of the Food Chain and Environment13 June 2021.-Law containing measures to control the COVID-19 Pandemic and other urgent measures in the domain of health care (1) Filip, Koning of the Belgians, who are now and will be here, our greeting has taken the Chamber of Representatives and we ratify, which follows: Title I. - Introductory provision article1. This law regulates a matter as referred to in Article 74 of the Constitution. Title II. -Definitions and deadline. 2. For the purposes of this Act, it is understood to mean: 1 ° "alternative": non-licensed medicines referred to in Article 8; 2 ° "pharmacist": every practitioner of the doctors' preparation, as referred to in Article 6, § 1, of the WUG , which is working in a pharmacy open to the public under the applicable legislation; 3 ° "doctor": the practitioner of medicine, as referred to in Article 3, § 1, of the WUG; 4 ° "VHB": the permit for the in the marketing medicines, as referred to in Article 6, § 1, first paragraph, of the Medicines Act; 5 ° "Export": Performing parallel or trading parallel to other Member State of the European Economic Area ("honor") of medicines that, by the VHB holder or the holder of a permit containing parallel entry, for Belgium, 6 ° "Fagg": the Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products established at the FAGG law; 7 ° "The FAGG law": The law of July 20, 2006 on the establishment and operation of the Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products; 8 ° "FPS Public Health": The Federal Public Service Volks Health, Safety of the Food Chain and Environment; 9 ° "The Medicines Act": The Act of 25 March 1964 on the Medicines; 10 ° "A medicine": A medicine as intended in Article 1, § 1, 1) of the Medicines Act; 11 ° "The GVU Act": the Mandatory Insurance and Benefits Insurance Act, coordinated on July 14, 1994; 12 ° "Health products": Raw materials, Tools , blood referred to in Article 2, § 1, 6 °, of the Fagg Act and human body material referred to in Article 2, § 1, 7 °, of the Fagg Act; 13 ° "Raw material": the raw materials referred to in Article 2, § 1, 5 °, of the Fagg Act; 14 ° "Aid": Medical devices and attachments as referred to in Article 2, § 1, 4 °, of the Fagg Act and aids that fall under the scope of Regulation (EU) 2017/745 from the European Parliament and the R AAD of 5 April 2017 on medical devices, and of Guidelines90/385/EEG and 93/42/EEC, or under the scope of Regulation (EU) 2017/746 of the European Premes and the Council of 5 April 2017 on medical devices for in -Vitro diagnostics and van Directive 98/79/EC; 15 ° "Locoregional Clinical Hospital Network": the legal formalized cooperation between hospitals as referred to in Article 14/1 of the Coordinated Act of 10 July2008 on hospitals and other care institutions; 16 ° "unavailable ": the temporary or definitive stopping, referred to in Article 6, § 1Sexies, second paragraph Medicines Act or a deficit of medicines, based on the data obtained on the basis of article 7 of this Act; 17 °" unexpected side effect ": the side effect of which the nature, the Ergstof is not compatible with the summary of the characteristics of the medicine for which the alternative is available g in accordance with Article 10; 18 ° "the Minister": the minister competent for public health; 19 ° "Operator": any person who works or has been appointed in the context of a prophylax campaign based on the applicable legislation that is neither manufacturer in the meaning of Article 12bis of the Medicines Act, nor a wholesaler in this of Article 12ter of the same law; 20 ° "Operational Management": all of activity the inventory of a strategic stock to exclude the right to connect the state from: a . Input and outbound control; b. Inventory; c. Planning; D.ORDER ManagementPublication: 2021-06-16Numac: 2021042204Federal Public Health Service, Safety of the Food Chain and Environment13 June 2021.-Law containing measures to control the COVID-19 Pandemic and other urgent measures in the domain of health care (1) Filip, Koning of the Belgians, who are now and will be here, our greeting has taken the Chamber of Representatives and we ratify, which follows: Title I. - Introductory provision article1. This law regulates a matter as referred to in Article 74 of the Constitution. Title II. -Definitions and deadline. 2. For the purposes of this Act, it is understood to mean: 1 ° "alternative": non-licensed medicines referred to in Article 8; 2 ° "pharmacist": every practitioner of the doctors' preparation, as referred to in Article 6, § 1, of the WUG , which is working in a pharmacy open to the public under the applicable legislation; 3 ° "doctor": the practitioner of medicine, as referred to in Article 3, § 1, of the WUG; 4 ° "VHB": the permit for the in the marketing medicines, as referred to in Article 6, § 1, first paragraph, of the Medicines Act; 5 ° "Export": Performing parallel or trading parallel to other Member State of the European Economic Area ("honor") of medicines that, by the VHB holder or the holder of a permit containing parallel entry, for Belgium, 6 ° "Fagg": the Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products established at the FAGG law; 7 ° "The FAGG law": The law of July 20, 2006 on the establishment and operation of the Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products; 8 ° "FPS Public Health": The Federal Public Service Volks Health, Safety of the Food Chain and Environment; 9 ° "The Medicines Act": The Act of 25 March 1964 on the Medicines; 10 ° "A medicine": A medicine as intended in Article 1, § 1, 1) of the Medicines Act; 11 ° "The GVU Act": the Mandatory Insurance and Benefits Insurance Act, coordinated on July 14, 1994; 12 ° "Health products": Raw materials, Tools , blood referred to in Article 2, § 1, 6 °, of the Fagg Act and human body material referred to in Article 2, § 1, 7 °, of the Fagg Act; 13 ° "Raw material": the raw materials referred to in Article 2, § 1, 5 °, of the Fagg Act; 14 ° "Aid": Medical devices and attachments as referred to in Article 2, § 1, 4 °, of the Fagg Act and aids that fall under the scope of Regulation (EU) 2017/745 from the European Parliament and the R AAD of 5 April 2017 on medical devices, and of Guidelines90/385/EEG and 93/42/EEC, or under the scope of Regulation (EU) 2017/746 of the European Premes and the Council of 5 April 2017 on medical devices for in -Vitro diagnostics and van Directive 98/79/EC; 15 ° "Locoregional Clinical Hospital Network": the legal formalized cooperation between hospitals as referred to in Article 14/1 of the Coordinated Act of 10 July2008 on hospitals and other care institutions; 16 ° "unavailable ": the temporary or definitive stopping, referred to in Article 6, § 1Sexies, second paragraph Medicines Act or a deficit of medicines, based on the data obtained on the basis of article 7 of this Act; 17 °" unexpected side effect ": the side effect of which the nature, the Ergstof is not compatible with the summary of the characteristics of the medicine for which the alternative is available g in accordance with Article 10; 18 ° "the Minister": the minister competent for public health; 19 ° "Operator": any person who works or has been appointed in the context of a prophylax campaign based on the applicable legislation that is neither manufacturer in the meaning of Article 12bis of the Medicines Act, nor a wholesaler in this of Article 12ter of the same law; 20 ° "Operational Management": all of activity the inventory of a strategic stock to exclude the right to connect the state from: a . Input and outbound control; b. Inventory; c. planning; D.Rorderbeheer.21 ° "Product": medicines and health products; 22 ° "Quarantaine": Products separate from other products that are stored pending a measure of the authorized government; 23 ° "The regular hospital activity": all activities of the Hospital The framework of non-COVID-19-related care; 24 ° "RIZIV": National Institute for Disease Envalidity Insurance, established by law of 9 August 1963; 25 ° "Sciensano": Public institution established by law of 25 February 2018 founding van Sciensano; 26 ° "Pharmacy opened to the public": the licensed pharmacy referred to in Article 18, § 1 of the Wug27 ° "The strategic stock": products and personal protective equipment purchased by the State, metogue on the insurance of the continuity of care; 28 ° "WUG": Act on the exercise of the health care professions, coordinated on 10 May 2015; 29 ° "Hospital ": a hospital, as referred to in Article 2 of the coordinated law of 10 July 2008 at the hospitals and other care establishments, and from a hospital operated by the Ministry of Defense; 30 °" Hospital Pharmacy ": a hospital officina, recognized by the Hospital; 31 ° "Hospital pharmacist": every practitioner of doctors' preparation, as referred to in Article 6, § 1, of the WUG, who works in a hospital pharmacy under applicable legislation; 32 ° "the hospital services": all activities of the hospital and hospital and From the healthcare providers in the hospital, whether or not related COVID-19, in particular in the common services, the classic hospitalization, the day HO spitaling, the technical platforms, the outpatient activities and the `RIZIV agreements', and which are part of the framework within which medical-specialist examinations and/or treatments are offered, as intended in Article 2, § 1, of the coordinated law of 10 July 2008 at the hospitals and other provision institutions, with which the hospitals pursue the fulfillment of their public interest task; 33 ° "Hospital Act": the coordinated law of 10 July 2008 at the hospitals and other care facilities; 34 ° "Pharmaceutical Expert": Every person That holder is of the pharmacist's diploma and that authorized to exercise doctors in the meaning of Article 6, § 1, of the WUG and that occurs a prophylax campaign according to the conditions of this law; 35 ° "Federal Phase of the National Eood Plan ": The federal phase as referred to in Article 23, § 4. of the Royal Decree of22 May 2019 on emergency planning and management of emergency situ at the municipal and provincial level and concerning the role of the mayors and provincial governors in the event of crisis events and situations that require coordination or management at national level36 ° "Risk ManagementGroup": the Risk Management Group referred to in the protocol of 5 November 2018 concluded between the federal government and the governments referred to in Articles 128, 130 and 135 of the Constitution, establishing degeneric structures for the sectoral health management of crises for Public Health and Hunding Method for the application of the International Health Regulations (2005), and Decree no. 1082/2013/Euover serious cross -border threats of health. 3. Subject to this law, Articles 52, first paragraph, 53, 53bis and 54 of the Judicial Code apply to the deadlines established by or pursuant to this Act. Title III. - Strategic Stocken Monitoring of the Storage Chapter 1. - General ProvisatenArt.4. This title aims at the insurance of the regular supply by the state of the Healthcare System.art.5. The FPS Public Health is responsible for the structure, maintenance and management of the strategic tests, including the assignments on the basis of Title 3. The King can fully or partially tax the FAGG, Sciensanoen/or other federal government services or ministries with the in Article2, 20 °, the operational management of the strategic stocks. The king can set the further constitutional constitutional management of the operational management of the stock referred to in the first paragraph. He can also arrange vstrategic stock and can, in particular, determine minimal stock obligations of products and personal protective equipment that he designates, the periodicity of the renewal of the stocks and the rules under which the State can alienate products in order to renew them to occur to occur. 6. The distribution of the products and personal protection agents referred to in Article 5 to the hospital pharmacy, the pharmacy opened to the public or to the Depars, authorized in accordance with Article 27, 6 °, of this Act, is commissioned by the Minister or his representative, by a Wholesaler designated by him or his representative.art.7. The minister or his representative may, by decision, oblige the persons, listed in the third paragraph, an overview of their stocks of products and personal protective equipment to join the FAGG for the products whose list is determined by him. In this decision, the ministerly intervals establishes in which these overviews must be communicated. The data in the first members of the aimed are suspected of enterprise data that, from the nature of the case, have a confidential character, as referred to in Article 6, § 1, 7 °, of the law of 11 April 1994 relevant publicity of administration. The persons referred to in the first paragraph are: 1 ° the manufacturers wholesalers, referred to in Article 12bis and 12ter of the Medicines Act; 2 ° the hospital pharmacies; 3 ° the open to the public pharmacies; 4 ° the blood institutions recognized in accordance with the law of 5 July 1994 on blood and blood derivatives of human origin; 5 ° the hospitals; 6 ° the banks for human body material referred to in Article 2, 24 ° of 19 December 2008 on the obtaining and use of human body material with the eye of medical application to humans or scientific research7 ° the intermediary structures for human body material, referred to in Article 2, 25 °, of the Act of 19 December 2008 on the obtaining and use of human body material with the eye the medical application to humans or scientific research. Input, distribution and delivery of non-licensed drugs. 8. The State Cancer Medicines for which no commercial permit was granted as referred to in Article 6 of the Medicines Act, on condition that the medicines are exclusively intended for inclusion in the Strategic Stock, to the extent that the conditions of this chapter have been met. The medicines are only purchased in the case of an imminent or established unavailability and to the extent that the purchase is part of the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie or its consequences. The delegate may only have the non-licensed medicines, in accordance with the provisions of this chapter, distributed or made available, medicines that are necessary to prevent the alleged or found distribution of pathogens, toxins, chemical agents or nuclear radiation, as well as to The consequences of these helping. The State and the Minister can only perform these acts, to the extent that these frame in the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie or its consequences. The purchase and the distribution of non-licensed medicines in accordance with this chapter, is limited to a period by the minister Tebalen term . This period cannot be longer than the expected duration of the unavailability in the first member. 9. The medicines purchased pursuant to Article 8 can be placed on the market and only made available in accordance with the provisions of this chapter.art. 10. § 1. In the event of an unavailability of a medicine for human use, the minister or his delegate decision has been recorded in Belgium, can make an alternative available to patients in deviation from Article 6, §1, first paragraph, of the Drugs Act, provided that at the same time: 1 ° the unprofitable drug, as a replacement for which the alternative is used, is licensed in Belgium either for the prevention, diagnosis or treatment of an illness or disorder, either as a supporting therapy for the treatment of a disease or disorder; 2 2; ° there is no licensed pharmaceutical substitute for the alternative available; 3 ° the patients are treated in a hospital, in the context of a hospital started in the hospital or outpatient treatment of the disease; 4 ° the alternative is intended for patients, from which one can expect that, will take place in the short term without adapted treatment hun or that the RI of the consequences of the absence of treatment will be greater than the risk of the consequences due to the use of the alternative.§ 2. at the request of a pharmacist and after submission of a medical prescription, the Minister or his delegate may be delegated, By decision making an alternative available in a pharmacy that is publicly opened. The pharmacist addresses his request for the government that ensures operational management of the strategic stock. § 3. In the case of provision referred to in §§ 1 and 2, the minister or his representative determines the therapeutic indications of the alternative by decision. He can subject the posting to one or multiple conditions the following conditions, depending on the specific risk profile of the alternative:-detection will be done by a doctor of a specialty to be determined by the minister, or under the responsibility of such a doctor-the posting is subject to a administration and follow-up protocol to be followedPublication: 2021-06-16Numac: 2021042204Federal Public Health Service, Safety of the Food Chain and Environment13 June 2021.-Law containing measures to control the COVID-19 Pandemic and other urgent measures in the domain of health care (1) Filip, Koning of the Belgians, who are now and will be here, our greeting has taken the Chamber of Representatives and we ratify, which follows: Title I. - Introductory provision article1. This law regulates a matter as referred to in Article 74 of the Constitution. Title II. -Definitions and deadline. 2. For the purposes of this Act, it is understood to mean: 1 ° "alternative": non-licensed medicines referred to in Article 8; 2 ° "pharmacist": every practitioner of the doctors' preparation, as referred to in Article 6, § 1, of the WUG , which is working in a pharmacy open to the public under the applicable legislation; 3 ° "doctor": the practitioner of medicine, as referred to in Article 3, § 1, of the WUG; 4 ° "VHB": the permit for the in the marketing medicines, as referred to in Article 6, § 1, first paragraph, of the Medicines Act; 5 ° "Export": Performing parallel or trading parallel to other Member State of the European Economic Area ("honor") of medicines that, by the VHB holder or the holder of a permit containing parallel entry, for Belgium, 6 ° "Fagg": the Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products established at the FAGG law; 7 ° "The FAGG law": The law of July 20, 2006 on the establishment and operation of the Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products; 8 ° "FPS Public Health": The Federal Public Service Volks Health, Safety of the Food Chain and Environment; 9 ° "The Medicines Act": The Act of 25 March 1964 on the Medicines; 10 ° "A medicine": A medicine as intended in Article 1, § 1, 1) of the Medicines Act; 11 ° "The GVU Act": the Mandatory Insurance and Benefits Insurance Act, coordinated on July 14, 1994; 12 ° "Health products": Raw materials, Tools , blood referred to in Article 2, § 1, 6 °, of the Fagg Act and human body material referred to in Article 2, § 1, 7 °, of the Fagg Act; 13 ° "Raw material": the raw materials referred to in Article 2, § 1, 5 °, of the Fagg Act; 14 ° "Aid": Medical devices and attachments as referred to in Article 2, § 1, 4 °, of the Fagg Act and aids that fall under the scope of Regulation (EU) 2017/745 from the European Parliament and the R AAD of 5 April 2017 on medical devices, and of Guidelines90/385/EEG and 93/42/EEC, or under the scope of Regulation (EU) 2017/746 of the European Premes and the Council of 5 April 2017 on medical devices for in -Vitro diagnostics and van Directive 98/79/EC; 15 ° "Locoregional Clinical Hospital Network": the legal formalized cooperation between hospitals as referred to in Article 14/1 of the Coordinated Act of 10 July2008 on hospitals and other care institutions; 16 ° "unavailable ": the temporary or definitive stopping, referred to in Article 6, § 1Sexies, second paragraph Medicines Act or a deficit of medicines, based on the data obtained on the basis of article 7 of this Act; 17 °" unexpected side effect ": the side effect of which the nature, the Ergstof is not compatible with the summary of the characteristics of the medicine for which the alternative is available g in accordance with Article 10; 18 ° "the Minister": the minister competent for public health; 19 ° "Operator": any person who works or has been appointed in the context of a prophylax campaign based on the applicable legislation that is neither manufacturer in the meaning of Article 12bis of the Medicines Act, nor a wholesaler in this of Article 12ter of the same law; 20 ° "Operational Management": all of activity the inventory of a strategic stock to exclude the right to connect the state from: a . Input and outbound control; b. Inventory; c. planning; D.Rorderbeheer.21 ° "Product": medicines and health products; 22 ° "Quarantaine": Products separate from other products that are stored pending a measure of the authorized government; 23 ° "The regular hospital activity": all activities of the Hospital The framework of non-COVID-19-related care; 24 ° "RIZIV": National Institute for Disease Envalidity Insurance, established by law of 9 August 1963; 25 ° "Sciensano": Public institution established by law of 25 February 2018 founding from sciensano; 26 ° "Pharmacy opened to the public": the licensed pharmacy referred to in Article 18, § 1 of the WUG; 27 ° "The Strategic Stock": Products and personal protective equipment purchased by the Statemetog on the insurance of the continuity of care; 28 ° "WUG": Act on the exercise of the health care professions, coordinated on 10 May 2015; 29 ° "Hospital": a hospital, as referred to in Article 2 of the coordinated law of 10 July 2008 at hospitals and other care facilities, and from a hospital operated by the Ministry of Defense; 30 ° "Hospital pharmacy": a hospital officina, recognized on the basis of the Hospital Act; 31 ° "Hospital pharmacist": every practitioner of the doctors' preparation, as referred to in Article 6, § 1, of the WUG, which is working in a hospital pharmacy under applicable legislation; 32 ° "the hospital services": all activities of the hospital and of the healthcare providers in the hospital, whether or not related COVID-19, in particular In the common services, the traditional hospitalization, the day hospitalization, the technical platforms, the outpatient activities and the `RIZIV agreements', and that part of the framework within which medical-specialist examinations and/or treatments are offered, as intended in Article 2, § 1, of the coordinated law of 10 July 2008 on hospitals and other provision institutions, with which the hospitals fulfill their public interest assignment pursue; 33 ° "Hospital Act": the coordinated law of 10 July 2008 on hospitals and other care establishments; 34 ° "pharmaceutical expert": every person who holds the pharmacist's diploma and who authorized to exercise the doctors agency meaning of Article 6, § 1, of the WUG and that occurs a prophylax campaign according to the conditions of this law; 35 ° "Federal phase of the Nationale Oehyst Plan": the federal phase as referred to in Article 23, § 4. of the Royal Decree of22 May 2019 on emergency planning and management of emergency situations at the municipal and provincial level and concerning the role of the mayors and the provi Nciegouverneurs in the event of crisis events and situations that require coordination or management at national level; 36 ° "Risk ManagementGroup": the Risk Management Group referred to in the protocol of 5 November 2018 concluded between the federal government and the governments referred to in Articles 128, 130 and 135 of the Constitution, establishing degeneric structures for sectoral health management of crises for public health and their method for the application of the International Health Regulations (2005), and Decree no. 1082/2013/euover serious cross -border threats of health . 3. Subject to this law, Articles 52, first paragraph, 53, 53bis and 54 of the Judicial Code apply to the deadlines established by or pursuant to this Act. Title III. - Strategic Stocken Monitoring of the Storage Chapter 1. - General ProvisatenArt.4. This title aims at the insurance of the regular supply by the state of the Healthcare System.art.5. The FPS Public Health is responsible for the structure, maintenance and management of the strategic tests, including the assignments on the basis of Title 3. The King can fully or partially tax the FAGG, Sciensanoen/or other federal government services or ministries with the in Article2, 20 °, the operational management of the strategic stocks. The king can set the further constitutional constitutional management of the operational management of the stock referred to in the first paragraph. He can also arrange vstrategic stock and can, in particular, determine minimal stock obligations of products and personal protective equipment that he designates, the periodicity of the renewal of the stocks and the rules under which the State can alienate products in order to renew them to occur to occur. 6. The distribution of the products and personal protection agents referred to in Article 5 to the hospital pharmacy, the pharmacy opened to the public or to the Depars, authorized in accordance with Article 27, 6 °, of this Act, is commissioned by the Minister or his representative, by a Wholesaler designated by him or his representative.art.7. The minister or his representative may, by decision, oblige the persons, listed in the third paragraph, an overview of their stocks of products and personal protective equipment to join the FAGG for the products whose list is determined by him. In this decision, the ministerly intervals establishes in which these overviews must be communicated. The data in the first members of the aimed are suspected of enterprise data that, from the nature of the case, have a confidential character, as referred to in Article 6, § 1, 7 °, of the law of 11 April 1994 relevant openness of the administration. The persons referred to in the first paragraph are: 1 ° the manufacturers wholesalersreferred to in Article 12bis and 12ter of the Medicines Act; 2 ° the Hospital Pharmacies; 3 ° the pharmacies open to the public; 4 ° the blood institutions recognized in accordance with the law of 5 July 1994 on blood and blood derivatives of human origin; 5 ° the hospitals 6 ° the banks for human body material referred to in Article 2, 24 ° of the law of 19 December 2008 on the obtaining and use of human body material with the eye on medical application to humans or scientific research; 7 ° the intermediary Structures for human body material, as referred to in Article 2, 25 °, of the Act of 19 December 2008 on the obtaining and use of human body material with the eye to the medical application to humans or scientific research. Chapter 2. -input, distribution delivery From non-licensed drugs. 8. The State Cancer Medicines for which no commercial permit was granted as referred to in Article 6 of the Medicines Act, on condition that the medicines are exclusively intended for inclusion in the Strategic Stock, to the extent that the conditions of this chapter have been met. The medicines are only purchased in the case of an imminent or established unavailability and to the extent that the purchase is part of the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie or its consequences. The delegate may only have the non-licensed medicines, in accordance with the provisions of this chapter, distributed or made available, medicines that are necessary to prevent the alleged or found distribution of pathogens, toxins, chemical agents or nuclear radiation, as well as to The consequences of these helping. The State and the Minister can only perform these acts, to the extent that these frame in the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie or its consequences. The purchase and the distribution of non-licensed medicines in accordance with this chapter, is limited to a period by the minister Tebalen term . This period cannot be longer than the expected duration of the unavailability in the first member. 9. The medicines purchased pursuant to Article 8 can be placed on the market and only made available in accordance with the provisions of this chapter.art. 10. § 1. In the event of an unavailability of a medicine for human use, the minister or his delegate decision has been recorded in Belgium, can make an alternative available to patients in deviation from Article 6, §1, first paragraph, of the Drugs Act, provided that at the same time: 1 ° the unprofitable drug, as a replacement for which the alternative is used, is licensed in Belgium either for the prevention, diagnosis or treatment of an illness or disorder, either as a supporting therapy for the treatment of a disease or disorder; 2 2; ° there is no licensed pharmaceutical substitute for the alternative available; 3 ° the patients are treated in a hospital, in the context of a hospital started in the hospital or outpatient treatment of the disease; 4 ° the alternative is intended for patients, from which one can expect that, will take place in the short term without adapted treatment hun or that the RI of the consequences of the absence of treatment will be greater than the risk of the consequences due to the use of the alternative.§ 2. at the request of a pharmacist and after submission of a medical prescription, the Minister or his delegate may be delegated, By decision making an alternative available in a pharmacy that is publicly opened. The pharmacist addresses his request for the government that ensures operational management of the strategic stock. § 3. In the case of provision referred to in §§ 1 and 2, the minister or his representative determines the therapeutic indications of the alternative by decision. He can subject the posting to one or multiple conditions the following conditions, depending on the specific risk profile of the alternative:-detection will be done by a doctor of a specialty to be determined by the minister to be determined by the ministerWhether the responsibility of such a doctor- the posting is subject to a administration and follow-up protocol to be followed;- The posting is made dependent on the presence of adequately qualified care providers and/or suitable equipment. § 4. De Koningkan determine the procedures and further rules for the application of this article. He subjects the decision to adopt an alternative and the therapeutic indications to a mandatory advice from an advisory body as referred to in Article 1 of the law of 20 July 1990 for promoting the balanced presence of men and women in organs with advisory authority.art.11. The distribution of the alternative to the hospital pharmacy or the pharmacy opened to the public is done in accordance with Article 6.Art. 12. § 1. The alternative can only be delivered by the pharmacist or by the hospital pharmacist insofar as it is prescribed by a doctor. § 2. The alternative delivered by the hospital pharmacist is in the hospital and in a deviation from the first paragraph of this section, the King can determine the conditions for further regulatory rules, including the hospital pharmacist an alternative for use in an outpatient treatment, outside the hospital. Art. 13. § 1. The hospital pharmacist mentioned the delivered alternatives in a special register. The king can set further rules for keeping the special register. § 2. At the request of the government, the hospital pharmacist and the pharmacist will communicate the state of affairs of the delivery of the alternatives to the government within a period of two days after receipt of this request. § 1. Contrary to the provisions laid down by and pursuant to Article 13 of the Medicines Act guarantee, the State is the quality of the alternatives. The wholesaler, referred to in Article6, is responsible for the distribution of the alternative in accordance with the by the minister or his delegates the by the manufacturer communicated instructions. The hospital pharmacist and pharmacist remain responsible for the storage and delivery of the alternative. They keep the alternative conformed by the minister or his representative and the instructions communicated by the manufacturer.§ 2. The doctor who prescribes an alternative within the indications determined under Article10, § 3, cannot be held liable for the damage that flows directly or indirectly From the fact that the medicine is not licensed, if the medicine is distributed, delivered, or is administered in accordance with the provisions of this chapter. The holders of VHB, the holders of a manufacturing permit as referred to in Article 12bis of the Medicines Act or a wholesale permit as referred to in Article 12ter of the Medicines Act, the personal authorized to deliver medicines to the public, and the other health care practitioners that the medicine administer, are not liable for the damage that arises, directly or indirectly, from the fact that the drug is not licensed , if the medicine is distributed, delivered or administered in accordance with the provisions of this chapter. Contributed to the possible liability of third parties, the State is liable towards the patient for all direct or downwich damage that the patient suffers, as a result of the fact that the medicine unimpaired .Art. 15. § 1. The treating physician, the hospital pharmacist and the pharmacist Reports Probably serious side effect or incident, as referred to in Article 1, 11 ° of the Drugs vessels Any unexpected side effect as referred to in Article 2, 17 °, to the Fagg. The treating doctor, the hospital pharmacist and the pharmacist every fourteen days each presumed effect on the Fagg. The reports referred to in the first and second paragraph are based on the form for the report of side effects. . The treating doctor, the hospital pharmacist and the pharmacist report each suspicion of counterfeits each suspicion of a lack of quality of the medicine (s) referred to in Article 10, §§ 1 and 2 within twenty -four hours after its adoption of it Fagg.averenenenplaatsst the hospital pharmacist, or the pharmacist, the medicine or medicines in quarantine and this pending instruct from the minister or his representative. In quarantine placed products, physically must be placed in a separate, enclosed space. Every system that replaces the physical quarantaine must offer equivalent security. After receiving the report referred to in the first paragraph, the minister or his representative gives as soon as possibleAfter advice from the FAGG on the presumably risk for public health of the medicine in question, instructions on the hospital pharmacists and pharmacists.titel IV. -Temporary measures containing the insurance of the traceability of medicines in the context of the prophylax campaigns during the COVID-19-PandemieArt.16. § 1. In the context of the prophylax campaigns during the COVID-19 Pandemie, operator medicines can keep in view of the delivery to hospital pharmacies, pharmacies, pharmaceutical experts or doctors, authorized in accordance with Article 27, 6 °. In that case, the operators must be responsible for the correct preservation of the medicine, in accordance with the good distribution practices, determined under article 12ter, § 1, fourteenth paragraph, of the Medicines Act. Contributed to the provisions of Article 6, § 2., 8 ° of the Wug and its implementing decisions, contrary to Article12bis of the Medicines Act, pharmacists, in a pharmacy, hospital pharmacists in a hospital pharmacy, or pharmaceutical experts, can also do fractionation or medication preparation outside of a pharmacy, even outside of a pharmacy, when these actions are performed solely in their capacity as operating stormetet In view of the detention of medicines in the context of the prophylax campaigns during Decovid-19-Pandemie. The pharmaceutical experts referred to in the second paragraph, moreover, also a pharmacy beyond, insofar as they are related to the Prophylaxecampnet times the COVID -19 Pandemie: 1 ° All he performs stated stated in Article 5/1 of Dewug, including the delivery of the medicines referred to in the second paragraph; 2 ° provide the needy pharmaceutical care. § 2. Operators referred to in § 1, Primary member and second paragraph, use the traceability requirements, as determined in the good manufacturing practices, determined by the King under Article 12bis, § 1, paragraph 5 of the Medicines Act or Via Vertreen de Goede Distribution Practices, determined by the Article 12ter, § 1, fourteenth paragraph, of the Medicines Act. § 3. The King may determine the Further Rules and Conditions for Waaraande Operators referred to in § 1, first paragraph and second paragraph, must meet the execution of Hun Tasks. Title V. - Temporary measures to protect the regular supply of the health care system during the COVID -19 Pandemic chapter 1. -General provisions art.17. § 1. The measures taken on the basis of this title are opposable or binding: 1 ° in the case of an individual administrative legal act: after notification to the person, the measures are imposed; 2 ° in the case of a regulatory administrative legal act: after Publication on the website of the Fagg.on redembled the previous paragraph, the regulatory duties are immediately announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. § 2. Without prejudice to other persons determination, the measures lived in this title can only be determined if the following conditions have been met: 1 ° The measures are necessary, suitable and proportional to the fight against the causes and the consequences of the COVID-13 Pandemie; 2; ° the Measures Komentegoet on the needs of public health and aim to ensure the distribution of and access to the products for the patient. § 3. The minister or his delegate the measures referred to in this title Suspend or cancel, as well as certain persons withdrawn from the application of the measures, if: 1 ° the measures no longer comply with the conditions set in this title; 2 ° the persons do not comply with the provisions of this title; 3 ° The persons do not comply with the conditions and further rules that are associated with the measures. Caparatum 2.-Exceptional powers of the FAGG during the COVID-19 Pandemy art. 18. § 1. During the COVID-19 Pandemie, the FAGG has to ensure the regular supply of the health care system as command. In particular, theFAGG can be charged with the operational management of the strategic stocks of products based on article 5, second paragraph. § 2. The King can determine the minimum organizational measurement of § 1 as well as the way in which supervision is carried out on these activities. The FAGG implements the organizational measures in order to guarantee the independence of the inspectors of the agency with regard to the activities referred to in § 1 .§ 3. The FAGG is authorized to propose regulations to the minister that follows the follow -upThe application and control of this title.art. 19. § 1. The Minister Kanhet FAGG taxes with the preceding market research and the preparation of the award in the Frame Fan The Acquisition of Products by the State in the context of the COVID-19 Pandemie. §2. The King can determine the minimum organizational measures for the implementation of § 1 The way in which supervision is carried out on these activities. The FAGG implements the organizational measures in order to ensure the independence of the inspectors of the Agency for the activities. . - Derogations for aids department 1. - Outsourcing of "in House" aid art. 20. In the context of the manufacture of aids in house, a hospital or a locoregional clinical hospital network, the design, the manufacture, the packaging or the labeling can be outsourced, if the following conditions are met: 1 ° on the market there are no other aids that are protected Instead of the aids thus manufactured, it can be used within the time that is necessary for the treatment of patients or the protection of staff; 2 ° The tasks and responsibilities are laid down in a contract between the hospital and the external service provider; 3 ° the external service provider Set up a traceability system; 4 ° for aids that must be sterilized before use, the external service provider takes into account the sterilization method in the hospitals are used for the selection of the material used and for the design of the tool.art. 21. § 1. Hospitals, or the Locoregional Clinical Hospital Networks, which appeal to a third company in accordance with Article 20, report this in the statement referred to in Article 5 (5) (e) of Regulation (EU) No 2017 /745.doed companies that are involved in the manufacture of aids in accordance with Article 20 report this ADJUST FAGG via the form that is available on the website. § 2. In the framework of the notification referred to in § 1, 2nd paragraph, the third company informs the FAGG about the norms of its quality system, its risk management system and for the implementation of systems for the control of the biocompatibility of materials. § 3. The King can determine the conditions and further rules for the notification referred to in this article.art. 22. The FAGG publishes the notifications referred to in Article 21 on its website. The Koning can determine the conditions and further rules for the announcement referred to in the first paragraph.Art. 23. The minister or the representative may suspend or prohibit the outsourcing on the basis of article 20 if the provisions of this chapter or the need for outsourcing in the event of the COVID-19 Pandemie does not outweigh the risky of outsourcing The Koning can determine the conditions and further rules for the application of the first paragraph.Art. 24. The manufacture in accordance with Article 20 of implantable medical aids and radiation equipment is prohibited. Department 2. - Alternative test protocol.25. Without prejudice to Article 59 of Regulation 2017/745 of 5 April 2017 on medical devices Article 54 of Regulation 2017/746 of 5 April 2017 on medical devices for in-vitrodiagnostics, the King can determine the further rules, including non-compliant tools, the market either as a medical device or for a non-medical purpose. He can limit it to the use of these non-conforming tools by hospitals or health care practitioners. If the minister is admitted to a non-medical purposes on the basis of the first paragraph, the minister determines the conditions for the re-packaging and re-packaging in order to be confused with to prevent medical devices. The FAGG publishes the Further Regulations in the first paragraph on its website. The Koning can apply the application of this article to Further Regulations and Conditions. Chapter 4. - Deviations on and limitation vand distribution or delivery of ProductArt. 26. § 1. The export of medicines, as referred to in Article 2, 5 °, and the export of raw materials can be subject to a preliminary declarationIf each of the following conditions are met: 1 ° it is an essential or criticism of medicine or critical or essential raw material; 2 ° There is a likely or certain unavailability of the drug or raw material; 3 ° the ineo -unfled by 2 ° cannot or is not or insufficient are taken care of by means of other available product that is a therapeutically fully -fledged substitute for the product for which there is a likely or certain deficit. A "criticism" medicine or critical raw material as referred to in Hetweeden paragraph, 1 °, is understood to mean a medicine or raw material that to each of the following conditions: 1 ° The medicine or the preparation made based on the raw material is an integral part of the investigation, prevention, diagnostics of COVID-19 or of the treatment of patients with COVID-19 and is necessary to the continuity of care can guarantee whether the medicine or the raw material is based on Refried preparation is an integral part of the treatment, prevention or diagnosis of another disease or disorder, whereby the availability of the products is compromised for the sake of the COVID-19-Pandemie; 2 ° there are therapeutic medicines or raw materials available. This is particularly the case: a. the medicine or raw material is only produced in one location; there are no other (interchangeable) doses or strengths available; c. no generic variants are available; d. There are no medicines or raw materials that can be an equivalent substitute for treatment. Singal medicines or raw materials intended for the Belgian market can be targeted by the measure provided for in this article. §2. The minister or his representative takes the decision to subject the medicine or raw material a prior notice referred to in § 1. If the minister or his delegate application makes the first paragraph, each manufacturer or wholesaler reports as referred to in Articles12bis and 12ter of the Medicines Act his intention to export the medicine or the raw material on the Fagg. The notification includes at least: 1 ° the name of the medicine or raw material; 2 ° If it concerns a medicine, the VHB number or the VHB numbers including the drug to be exported, or the CNK number or the CNK numbers 3 ° the number of packaging to be exported, per VHB or CNK number or per raw material; 4 ° the remaining stock, per VHB or CNK number or per raw material, after the genotified export. If the notification is the in the second member intention contains data, the minister decides whether his representative immediately prohibit the export. The minister or his representative can request additional information from the second paragraph, which he considers necessary for a motivated decision. In the event of an inner case, the period referred to in the fifth paragraph is suspended until the application was completed. The suspension starts on the day after the knowledge of the notification obligatory in the second paragraph The question of additional information. The export of the product is prohibited to up to The moment the minister or his representative makes a decision regarding the notification referred to in the second member. If the decision in which the export referred to in accordance with the second paragraph is not brought to the applicant for the day after the notification referred to in the second paragraph, the export is admitted to the applicant. § 3. Without prejudice to the Treaty Provisions on the ground of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, the Minister will meet the circumstances with the circumstances of application of § 1, within a reasonable period of time, in order not to unnecessarily prevent planners. In urgent cases motivated by the circumstance that additional measure of immediate measure caused the mortality or the unbearable suffering caused by COVID-19Dtt, the measure can be taken without a period. Article17, § 1, 2 °. The decision referred to in § 1 is limited to the period determined by the minister. This period cannot be longer than the expected duration of the unavailability referred to in § 1., first paragraph, 2 °. § 4. The King can determine the conditions and denaderere rules for the application of this article. The king can further determine what should be meant by a criticism or essential medicine. The king can determine the list of critical or essential products. The King can determine a procedure for an organized administrative appeal.Art. 27. The minister or his representative can be made by decision: 1 ° the delivery of a medicineIncluding magistral or officinal preparations, or temporarily limit a tool. In particular, he can limit delivery on the basis of: A.E a maximum amount per patient; b. a risk group based on the risk profile of the patients. It can phase this measure over time in function of the risk groups referred to under the first paragraph, b, the supply of a medicine, aid or raw material Aanpotheken temporarily limit to a fixed quantity per pharmacy; 3 ° the delivery of a medicine, including magisterial or official preparations, temporarily reserved sitting home pharmacies; 4 ° order the redistribution of the stock of a medicine or raw material, either by means of an indirect redistribution to wholesalers or by means of a direct redistribution under pharmacies; 5 ° the hospital pharmacies authorize medicines to redistribute directly under the stated hospital pharmacies and the pharmacies for this, and to do so the conditions and modalities; 6 ° the delivery of the COVID-19 vaccins by doctors, allow and allow and allow and the delivery of the COVID-19 vaccines admit outside the hospital pharmacy or pharmacy open to the public; 7 ° orders that the stock of medicines can only be sold or delivered in wholesalers according to the instructions of the Fagg. For the COVID-19 vaccines, the vaccine may be delivered to De Burgerdie is called up for the vaccination by the state or the federated entities, also in the event of a lack of medical prescription, as referred to in Article 1, 22) of the Medicines Act. This leaves the responsibility of the doctor who administers the vaccine or under whose responsibility it is not affected, the decision referred to under the first paragraph, 6 °, is struck retroactively, until the date of entry into force of this article. 28. § 1. If persons are authorized on the basis of Article27, 6 °, to perform actions specifically to doctors or if there is a person orientation to deliver medicines outside pharmacies on the basis of Article 27, 6 °, become persons who This authorization received with persons authorized to deliver medicines to the public, as referred to in Article 3, § 2, of the Medicines Act.§ 2. The wholesaler referred to in Article 12ter of the Medicines Act, can deliver medicines to the referred to in the first paragraph persons. Contrary to Article 12ter, §1, sixth paragraph of the Medicines Act, the wholesaler referred to in the first paragraph also includes the manufacturer intended in Article 12bis of the Medicines Act. § 3. The wholesaler referred to in§ 2, checks the safety characteristics on the packaging of the medicine and deactiving the unique identification feature, referred to in Article 3 (2)) of the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/161 of 2 October 2015 supplementing guideline 2001/83/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council by adopting detailed rules for safety characteristics on the packaging of medicines for human use, for the delivery of the drug to the persons referred to in§ 1, in accordance with Article 23 , a) of the same delegated regulation. The persons referred to the first paragraph, for the application of this title, are equated with a pre -open pharmacy. Title VI. -Temporary measures with regard to the indemnification of the continuity of the hospital services against the impact of the COVID-19-Pandema chapter1. - Scope of application. 29. This title aims to ensure the financial indemnity of the hospital service ending. 30. § 1. The King can release an amount for an intervention of the hospitals as referred to in Article 2 of the Hospital Act, to partially take care of the impact of Decovid-19 epidemic, via a redistribution between or within the partial-annual Objectives, such as provided for in the GVU Act, and/or via an exogenous financing.§ 2. The King can set an amount for a central government on an annual basis that will be part of the insurance income, as referred to in Article 191 of the GVU Act. Art. 31. The provisional distribution of the amount for this intervention referred to in Article 30, § 1, is carried out by the deposit of an advance that is calculated on the basis of the part of each hospital in proportion to the total RIZIV expenditure of the hospitals for the whole of the Regular hospital activity As is apparent from the RIZIV Documents P, supplemented by the variable part of its budget of financial resourcesThe fixed day hospitals as well as the Medicinesfaits for the full year 2019.Art.32. The advance amounts per hospital that were calculated under the provisions of Article 31 are deposited by RIZIV on the bank account of each hospital concerned and this as soon as possible after the declaration of the Decree in the Belgian Official Gazette. The hospitals are communicated by the FPS Public Health to the RIZIV.Kaplaat3. - settlement advances with an exceptionally federal financial allowance art.33. The advance amounts referred to in Article 31 are settled with the coverage of costs for the service provision of an epidemic, as referred to in Article 101 of the Hospital Act. If the payable parenting amount to a hospital turns out to be higher than the costs for services during the epidemic die are calculated in application of the above mentioned Article, the balance will be deducted from the budget of financial resources of the hospital, as referred to in Article 95 of the Hospital Act. King can determine the further rules regarding the way in which the balance is deducted, insofar as necessary in the framework of the financial indemnification of the continuity of the hospital services, a possible spread over time over multiple budgets of financial means. To allow the payment of the allowance to be faster in accordance with Article 101 of the Hospital Act, this payment or part there can be there From, in deviation from the normal payment mechanism of the budget of financial resources of the hospitals, the hospitals are done directly. The king can determine further modalities regarding the payment of the allowance and the settlement of the advance amounts.titel VII. - Temporary measures with the test strategy and test financing chapter 1. - Regulation of the Prices of the Testestart. 34. In the context of the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie, King can establish the maximum prices of medical devices for in vitro diagnostics for the implementation of tests with a view to detecting at least the SARS-COV-2 virus or with the Eye on detecting antigens of or antibodies against the aforementioned virus. Chapter 2. - Conditions for the version of the Testestart. 35. § 1. The King can prescribe the conditions and the rules under which the tests referred to in § 2 can be prescribed and the decreases of steel with the implementation of those tests can be done, as well as the grabbing over which the people have to have any of each of to perform those actions. § 2. The King can determine the conditions and the rules, including testing by means of medical devices for in-vitrodiagnostics with a view to detecting at least the SARS-COV-2 virus or with a view to detecting antigens of or antibodies against it The aforementioned virus can be performed. The Kingkan determines the skill that the person must have that is authorized to execute and interpret the tests. The King can provide prohibitions in the importance of public health. In particular, it can refer to the guidelines From the Risk Management Group that are announced, the website of Sciensano. Chapter 3. - Notification of the test results to Sciensanoart.36. The results of the tests performed by means of medical devices for in-vitro diagnostics with the eye on detecting at least the SARS-COV-2 virus or with a view to detecting antigens of or antibodies against the aforementioned virus should be communicated to Sciensano . This announcement according to the guidelines that are published on the website of Sciensano in accordance with the decisions of the Collaboration Agreement of 25 August 2020 between the Federal State, the Flemish Community, the Walloon Region, the German -language Community and the Community Commission, concerned joint data processing by Sciensano and the De Contact centers, health inspections and mobile teams designated by the competent federated entities or from the competent agencies, a contact study of persons who (probably) are (probably) infected with the COVID-19 Coronavirus is contaminated by a database at Sciensano, rated by Act of 9 October 2020. The reporting NaSciensano comprises at least the identification and contact details of the patient, the type of testing test, the date of the steel collection, the test result and the reporting doctor or specialist for clinical biology. The king can determine the further regulations for this announcement. Chapter4. - Financing the test art. 37. § 1. The King sets the reimbursement in the framework of the compulsory insurance for medical care, set by Degvu lawFixed tests conducted by means of medical devices for in-vitro diagnostics Methet eye to detect at least the SARS-COV-2 virus or with a view to detecting antigens of or antibodies against the aforementioned virus. The king lists the benefits , determines it, where appropriate, relatively, and in particular determines the conditions and application rules service. In particular, he can refer to the guidelines of the Risk Management Group that are made on the Sciensano website. § 2. The King can provide for a personal share, either for all beneficiaries or for categories of entitled parties, in the cost price of benefits. § 3. No supplements may be charged. §4. The king can broaden the reimbursement of the tests to persons who are not entitled people of the compulsory insurance for medical care. In that case, the king can be the compensation rules with regard to the other regulations. The §§ 2 and 3 apply in that case.art.38. If costs associated with the tests are not reimbursed by the mandatory insurance for medical delivery, they can be charged to those who demand them with the exception of the costs of test material that is made available free of charge by the public authorities.art. 39. The costs associated with the tests that are demanded by the employers, private institutions or preventive purposes for the public authorities are not reimbursed by the insurance for medical care. The king can determine which indications are reimbursed. Nor are the costs reimbursed of test material that is made available free of charge by the public authorities.art. 40. The Committee of the Insurance for Medical Care can conclude agreements with centers taxed with assignments regarding the quality-keeping processes, validation of test material and scientific research and development of protocols for new methods and techniques in the investigation of Hetars-COV-2 virus. Chapter 5 - subcontracting of Testestart. 41. The King can lay down specific conditions and rules if for tests carried out by means of medical aids for in-vitro diagnostics with a view to detecting the SARS-COV-2 virus or with the eye on detecting antigens of or antibodies against The aforementioned virus is called upon a subcontractor. In particular, he can determine the conditions and rules to which the invoications must answer the report of those benefits. Title VIII. -Temporary measures with regard to the indictment of care in the context of the fight against the COVID-19-PandemieArt.42. Contrary to the powers adopted by the GVU Act, in the context of the regulation of compulsory insurance for medical care for medical care, the King may create temporary benefits and provide temporary interim contents to enable care for care in the context of the battle against COVID- 19-Pandemie. The Koning can broaden the reimbursement or the interventions until the person die is not entitled to the compulsory insurance for medical care. The King Kanin that case that case determines the compensation rules between the various regulations. Prohibit the king of opportunity supplements for benefits related to medical devices for in-vitrodiagnostics referred to in Article 34.Art. 43. The Committee of the Medical Provision Insurance can conclude agreements that aim to provide an intervention for care granted the framework of the fight against the COVID-19-Pandemie.titel IX. - Temporary measurement with fast Antigeentestart. 44. The King may, supplement the provisions of Articles 4 to 10 of the Law of 22 December 2020 containing various measures related to fast antigeentions the registration and processing of data on vaccinations in the context of the fight against COVID-19 Pandemie, supplement , change or replace it to bring these into line with the provisions established to implement Title VII.titel X.-Temporary measures with regard to drug monitoring of COVID-19-vaccinesArt. 45. When reporting a side effect of a vaccine against COVID-19, the data from the Vaccinet+ System that the FAGG needs for its drug monitoring system are included in the notification form. It is determined about data regarding the patient, the vaccine, vaccination and the vaccine. These data boasts in a cooperation agreement with the competent communities and regions are specified. The personal data referred to in the first paragraph is processed in a pseudonymized form in a FederalTatabankof which the FAGG is the controller. The processing of the personal data referred to in the Primary Member is the finality of the elaboration of a drug monitoring system of the vaccines against COVID-19, in accordance with Article 12sexies of the Act of 25 March 1964, the detailed guidelines made by the medicines by the European Commission in the "Module VI collection, management and submission of reports of suspected side effects of medicines (GVP)", such as zevoor in the last available version, and as referred to in Article 4, paragraph 1, 3rd paragraph, 3 °, of the Law of 20 July 2006 on the establishment and functioning of the Federal Agency for Medicines Health Products. With the eye on the evaluation of the risks associated with the long-term effects of the vaccines against COVID-19, the FAGG pseudonymized personal data concerning the reporting benefits of these vaccines up to 10 years after the end of the Vergu ning for the marketing of the vaccine except for otherwise European or legal provisions. Title XI. - Inspection powersart.46. The persons referred to in Articles 47 and 48 can claim the assistance of the police services, in accordance with article 44 of the law of 5 August 1992 on the police officer. 47. § 1. Without prejudice to powers of the judicial police officers, the King's Persons designated for this purpose practiced or, in the absence of contractual staff by means of a contract of an indefinite duration, of the FAGG, supervising the application of the titles IIien V by conducting inspections, if necessary unannounced. § 2. Without prejudice to the powers of the judicial police officers, the statutory or contractual staff intended in § 1 may, with proper identification certificates, make the powers of their order use, as referred to in Article 14, §§ 2 and 3, of The Medicines Act.art.48. Without prejudice to the officers of the judicial police officers, the statutory and contractual inspectors and inspectors of the Inspection of the Directorate-General for Animal, Plant and Nutrition of the FPS Public Health are charged with the supervision of compliance with the provisions of them submitted to the Council of Ministers Minister of the Interior Decree, taken under the Act of 15 May 2007 on Civil Security or under the Act of 31 December 1963 on Civil Protection. To exercise, as referred to in the first paragraph, the inspectors and inspectors on the powers of the food and other products in Articles 11 and 11bis of the Act of 24 January 1977 on the protection of the health of the users on the piece of foods and other products. paragraph 1 stated ministerial decision and for which the Inspectorate of the Directorate-General Animal, Plant and Nutrition of the FODVolks Health is competent, is punished with a prison sentence of eight days to three months and a fine of twenty-six euros to five hundred euros, or with one of those punishments alone . Wiezich opposes the checks of the inspectors and inspectors referred to in the first paragraph, is punished with a prison sentence of fifteen days to three months and with a fine of one hundred euros to totd thousand euros or with one of these penalties only. The report of violation of violation prepared by the inspectors and inspectors referred to in the first paragraph, the leading official of the FPS Public Health is transferred who, in accordance with Article 19 of the Act of 24Januari 1977 on the protection of users' health on the part of the foods and other products, A sum of money can determine whose voluntary payment by the offender of the violation, the public claim is expired. If the payment is refused, the file will be sent to the Attorney's King. The sum of money will be deposited in the Budget Fund for the rawoffen De Products.art. 49. The provisions regarding control and disputes provided for by or against title VII of the GVU lawapply to Articles 35 to 43 of this law.art.50. The federal health inspectors of the FPS Public Health exercise supervision on the application of the provisions of Article 35 of this law. With the eye to this supervision, they have access to the places where these tests are taken at all times. They may be given all information for the intended supervision and all documents or electronic carriers hand over themselves that they require for the exercise of their audit assignment. 51. For the implementation of Articles 37 to 43, the procedures are set by or pursuant to the GVU Act, but may take place in writing or at a distance. The advice can be sought within a shorter period than the legal or regulatory period or period or the measures can be taken without the legal or regulatory proposals or advice being obtained in advance. The minister competent for Social Saken motivates this necessity. Title XIII. -Exception to price falls for COVID-19-Zermansart.52. The price decreases in the context of the application of Article 35ter of the GVU Act or of Article 69 of the Act of 27 April 2005 on the control of the Budget of Health Care and holding Diverse Health Provisions do not apply to the medicines that are on the moment of the entry into force of the price fall in the object of a decision by the minister or his representative, taken on the basis of the Royal Decree of 24 March 2020 containing special measures to combat medicines in the context of the SARS-COV-2 Pandemie, on based on the Royal Decree of 8 April 2021 containing special measures to combat medicines in the context of the SARS-COV-2 pandemic or on the basis of Article 27. If from an appendix to the decision referred to in the first paragraph becomes a medicine deleted, the fall in the price, referred to in the first paragraph, are applied by operation of law by date of the next application of Article 35ter of the GVU Act or of Article 69 of the Act of 27 April 2005 concerning the control of the Budget of Healthcare and containing various health provisions. , the deferred price decreases, referred to in the first paragraph, are legally applied on the date of the next application of Article 35ter of the GVU Act or of Article 69 of the Act of 27 April 2005 on the control of the Healthcare Budget and various provisions on health. TitelXIV. - Penalty provisions. 53. Without prejudice to the penalties set out in the Criminal Code, the violation of the titles III and V or their implementing decisions, or the measures taken on the basis of these titles, is punished with a prison sentence of one month to one year and with a fine of 200E to 15,000 EUR or with one of these penalties only.art. 54. Without prejudice to the penalties, refusing visits, inspections, investigations, inspections, interruptions, sampling, collection of evidence or other contractual staff members, as referred to in Article 47, as referred to in Article 47, As well as he resists that self -employed, punished with a prison sentence of one month to one year and with a fine of EUR EUR EUR EUR EUR EUR 15,000 or with one of these penalties only.art. 55. Article 17 of the Medicines Act applies mutatis mutandis to title V.Art. 56. In the event of repetition within a period of a year after a conviction, for violation of the titles III and V and their implementing decisions, the punishment can be doubled. Title XV. - Change and cancellation provisionsart.57. Article 34 of the GVU Act, is supplemented by a member, reading: "If the medical provisions are carried out by means of information and communication technologies, the insurance for medical care is only intervened if this is explicitly provided for the reimbursement conditions. The Koning determines the definitions and application conditions that these benefits must meet. "Art.58. In Article 9 of the Royal Decree No 20 of 13 May 2020 on temporary measures in the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie and to ensure the continuity of care in the mandatory insurance for medical care, ratified by the law of 24 December 2020The following changes are made: 1 ° in paragraph 2 are replaced in the description of the provision 101916th words "with a view to resisting the psychotherapeutic treatment that had been started for the government measures" with the words "with a view to continuing a psychotherapeutic treatment "; 2 ° Section 2 is supplemented with a member, reading:" By continuing a psychotherapeutic treatment "is understood to apply this decision, every psychotherapeutic treatment for which three sessions referred to in Article 2, d or e, of the nomenclature DRIVENDERT 4 May 2020. "3 ° in paragraph 4, last paragraph, the words" were underway before March 1, 2020 "replaced by the words" was going on before November 2, 2020. "Art. 59. In article 46 of the same decision, amended by the Royal Decree of 20 July 2020 and confirmed by the Law of 24 December 2020, § 2 is replaced as follows: "§ 2. The allowance intended in paragraph 1, 2 ° is at the earliest from March 23, 2020 or from the start date of the triage and decrease center, if it falls later. The allowances referred to in paragraph 1, 3 °, 4 ° and 5 ° are at the earliest from the start date of the triage and purchase center. With regard to reference To paragraph 1, 2 °, 3 ° and 4 °, this section applies until July 26, 2020. "Art.60. In Article 1 of the Royal Decree no. 29 of 5 June 2020 implementing Article 5, §1, 2 ° of the Law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the King to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the coronavirus COVID-19 (II) With a view to assimilation of unforeseen stroke periods of doctors in training, confirmed by the law of December 24, 2020, the words "December 31, 2020" are replaced by the words "October 1, 2021" .Art. 61. Article 35ter, §1bis of the GVU Act, inserted by the Program Act of 20 December 2020, is supplemented with two paragraphs, reading: "The reductions that the king sets under the first and second paragraphs do not apply to the Pharmaceutical specialties with the ATC5 code J05AR and more than one working component: 1 ° which the applicant has shown to apply to the price and the reimbursement base (level outdoor company), calculated per unit, per form and per strength of the combination of active components, applicable At the time of the notification referred to in Article 77, § 1, second paragraph of the Kon -Bonal Decree of 1 February 2018 establishing the procedures, periods and conditions for compensation for the compulsory insurance for medical care and benefits in the costs of pharmaceutical specialties, Being lower or equal to the lowest outside company Price for the same pharmaceutical specialty, applicable at the moment V the aforementioned notification, calculated unit, per form and per strength of the combination of active ingredients within the whole of the European countries stated in Article 72bis, § 1, 8 ° of this Act; 2 ° that still comply with the aforementioned notification the description referred to in Article 34, first paragraph, 5 °, b). If due to the reduction determined by the king, the outdoor company calculated per unit, per form and per strength of the combination of active components of pharmaceutical specialties with more than One working ingredient that still answers the description referred to in Article 34, first paragraph, 5 °, b) at the time of the aforementioned notification is lower than the low -out company price of the whole of the prices stated in the previous paragraph, is the reduction Border this lowest price. "Art. 62. In section 19 of the Royal Decree No 21 of 14 May2020 containing temporary adjustments to the compensation conditions and administrative rules in the compulsory insurance for medical care as a result of the COVID-19 Pandemie, an Article 26/1n. . 26/1. Fully completed and signed referral instructions that were delivered by means of an optical or photographic technique and by e -mail or another electronic way to the patient, are a legally valid land for reimbursement by the mandatory insurance for medical care of the prescribed treatment . The patient must provide his information permission for the forwarding of this information electronically. The care provider carries out prescribed care prescribed, stores a copy or print thereof in the patient's file. Thisor provider is not obliged to do the original paper versions after the period of special measuring Delivery to the insurance institutions. This provision refers to referral regulations signed on 1 March 2020. "Art. 63. In Article 4 the law of 25 February 2018 establishing Sciensanoa paragraph 4/1 is inserted, reading: "§ 4/1. Sciensano has the framework of the control of public health crises as an assignment to coordinate and implement the scientific aspects of this, to monitor the risks and to evaluating this to evaluating. to provide analyzes of the collected data, advice and recommendations to the country's health authorities, and to organize communication for the benefit of governments, the care providers and the public. "Art. 64. A member inserted in Article 101 of the Hospital Act between the first and second paragraphs: "The King determines, together in the Council of Ministers Decree, the costs of the services that are eligible for one -cost coverage when applying the first paragraph. "Title XVI. - Inn- and outdoor effects. 65. § 1. This law comes into effect on the day following its announcement in the Belgian State Leaf. § 2. Contrary to paragraph 1, 1 ° Title IV of this Act comes into effect on 1 December 2020; 2 ° Title V of this Act on April 1, 2021, Based on 5, first paragraph, 6 °, second and third party paragraph and Article 28, which enter into force on 1 December2020; 3 ° Article 34 to 39, Article 41, Article 43 and Title XII in operation on 1 February 2021; 4 ° Article 40 in operation on 1 March 2020; 5 ° Article 42 in operation on 1 January 2020; 6 ° Article 58 in operation on 4 May 2020; 7 ° Article 59 in operation on 1 March 2020; 8 ° Article 52 and Article 61 entering into force on 1 April 2021. § 3. Titles VI, VII, VIIien IX of this Act will take place out of effect on 31 December 2025. § 4. With the exception of the application of Article 66, Article 8 and the titles IV, V and X will dispose of at the time the federal phase of the National Emergency Plan, Activated in the context of the COVID-19 Pandemie, terminated. 66. Until December 31, 2025, the King may declare a provisions of Article 8 and of the Titles IV, V and X in full or partially applicable to a disease other than those referred to in this Act, provided that: 1 ° the disease by an inter-or supranational institution is recognized as pandemic used by the World Health Organization on the basis of the criteria; 2 ° the disease is up to date or potentially on the national territory on the basis of which measures are established at national level. If a provision is limited If the COVID-19 Pandemie or Illness is declared applicable on the basis of the first paragraph, then the application of this provision is limited to the illness referred to in the first paragraph. Lands' seal will be covered and will be made by the Belgian Official Gazette. Given in Bussel, 13 June 2021.Filipvan Koningsweight: Deminister of Health, f. Vandenbrouckemet 's Lands seal sealed: Deminister of Justice, v. Van Quickenborne _______ Note (1) Chamber of people's representatives (www.dekamer.be) Pieces: 55-1929integral report: 10.06.2021.Publication: 2021-06-16Numac: 2021042204Federal Public Health Service, Safety of the Food Chain and Environment13 June 2021.-Law containing measures to control the COVID-19 Pandemic and other urgent measures in the domain of health care (1) Filip, Koning of the Belgians, who are now and will be here, our greeting has taken the Chamber of Representatives and we ratify, which follows: Title I. - Introductory provision article1. This law regulates a matter as referred to in Article 74 of the Constitution. Title II. -Definitions and deadline. 2. For the purposes of this Act, it is understood to mean: 1 ° "alternative": non-licensed medicines referred to in Article 8; 2 ° "pharmacist": every practitioner of the doctors' preparation, as referred to in Article 6, § 1, of the WUG , which is working in a pharmacy open to the public under the applicable legislation; 3 ° "doctor": the practitioner of medicine, as referred to in Article 3, § 1, of the WUG; 4 ° "VHB": the permit for the in the marketing medicines, as referred to in Article 6, § 1, first paragraph, of the Medicines Act; 5 ° "Export": Performing parallel or trading parallel to other Member State of the European Economic Area ("honor") of medicines that, by the VHB holder or the holder of a permit containing parallel entry, for Belgium, 6 ° "Fagg": the Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products established at the FAGG law; 7 ° "The FAGG law": The law of July 20, 2006 on the establishment and operation of the Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products; 8 ° "FPS Public Health": The Federal Public Service Volks Health, Safety of the Food Chain and Environment; 9 ° "The Medicines Act": The Act of 25 March 1964 on the Medicines; 10 ° "A medicine": A medicine as intended in Article 1, § 1, 1) of the Medicines Act; 11 ° "The GVU Act": the Mandatory Insurance and Benefits Insurance Act, coordinated on July 14, 1994; 12 ° "Health products": Raw materials, Tools , blood referred to in Article 2, § 1, 6 °, of the Fagg Act and human body material referred to in Article 2, § 1, 7 °, of the Fagg Act; 13 ° "Raw material": the raw materials referred to in Article 2, § 1, 5 °, of the Fagg Act; 14 ° "Aid": Medical devices and attachments as referred to in Article 2, § 1, 4 °, of the Fagg Act and aids that fall under the scope of Regulation (EU) 2017/745 from the European Parliament and the R AAD of 5 April 2017 on medical devices, and of Guidelines90/385/EEG and 93/42/EEC, or under the scope of Regulation (EU) 2017/746 of the European Premes and the Council of 5 April 2017 on medical devices for in -Vitro diagnostics and van Directive 98/79/EC; 15 ° "Locoregional Clinical Hospital Network": the legal formalized cooperation between hospitals as referred to in Article 14/1 of the Coordinated Act of 10 July2008 on hospitals and other care institutions; 16 ° "unavailable ": the temporary or definitive stopping, referred to in Article 6, § 1Sexies, second paragraph Medicines Act or a deficit of medicines, based on the data obtained on the basis of article 7 of this Act; 17 °" unexpected side effect ": the side effect of which the nature, the Ergstof is not compatible with the summary of the characteristics of the medicine for which the alternative is available g in accordance with Article 10; 18 ° "the Minister": the minister competent for public health; 19 ° "Operator": any person who works or has been appointed in the context of a prophylax campaign based on the applicable legislation that is neither manufacturer in the meaning of Article 12bis of the Medicines Act, nor a wholesaler in this of Article 12ter of the same law; 20 ° "Operational Management": all of activity the inventory of a strategic stock to exclude the right to connect the state from: a . Input and outbound control; b. Inventory; c. planning; D.Rorderbeheer.21 ° "Product": medicines and health products; 22 ° "Quarantaine": Products separate from other products that are stored pending a measure of the authorized government; 23 ° "The regular hospital activity": all activities of the Hospital The framework of non-COVID-19-related care; 24 ° "RIZIV": National Institute for Disease Envalidity Insurance, established by law of 9 August 1963; 25 ° "Sciensano": Public institution established by law of 25 February 2018 founding from sciensano; 26 ° "Pharmacy opened to the public": the licensed pharmacy referred to in Article 18, § 1 of the WUG; 27 ° "The Strategic Stock": Products and personal protective equipment purchased by the Statemetog on the insurance of the continuity of care; 28 ° "WUG": Act on the exercise of the health care professions, coordinated on 10 May 2015; 29 ° "Hospital": a hospital, as referred to in Article 2 of the coordinated law of 10 July 2008 at hospitals and other care facilities, and from a hospital operated by the Ministry of Defense; 30 ° "Hospital pharmacy": a hospital officina, recognized on the basis of the Hospital Act; 31 ° "Hospital pharmacist": every practitioner of the doctors' preparation, as referred to in Article 6, § 1, of the WUG, which is working in a hospital pharmacy under applicable legislation; 32 ° "the hospital services": all activities of the hospital and of the healthcare providers in the hospital, whether or not related COVID-19, in particular In the common services, the traditional hospitalization, the day hospitalization, the technical platforms, the outpatient activities and the `RIZIV agreements', and that part of the framework within which medical-specialist examinations and/or treatments are offered, as intended in Article 2, § 1, of the coordinated law of 10 July 2008 on hospitals and other provision institutions, with which the hospitals fulfill their public interest assignment pursue; 33 ° "Hospital Act": the coordinated law of 10 July 2008 on hospitals and other care establishments; 34 ° "pharmaceutical expert": every person who holds the pharmacist's diploma and who authorized to exercise the doctors agency meaning of Article 6, § 1, of the WUG and that occurs a prophylax campaign according to the conditions of this law; 35 ° "Federal phase of the Nationale Oehyst Plan": the federal phase as referred to in Article 23, § 4. of the Royal Decree of22 May 2019 on emergency planning and management of emergency situations at the municipal and provincial level and concerning the role of the mayors and the provi Nciegouverneurs in the event of crisis events and situations that require coordination or management at national level; 36 ° "Risk ManagementGroup": the Risk Management Group referred to in the protocol of 5 November 2018 concluded between the federal government and the governments referred to in Articles 128, 130 and 135 of the Constitution, establishing degeneric structures for sectoral health management of crises for public health and their method for the application of the International Health Regulations (2005), and Decree no. 1082/2013/euover serious cross -border threats of health . 3. Subject to this law, Articles 52, first paragraph, 53, 53bis and 54 of the Judicial Code apply to the deadlines established by or pursuant to this Act. Title III. - Strategic Stocken Monitoring of the Storage Chapter 1. - General ProvisatenArt.4. This title aims at the insurance of the regular supply by the state of the Healthcare System.art.5. The FPS Public Health is responsible for the structure, maintenance and management of the strategic tests, including the assignments on the basis of Title 3. The King can fully or partially tax the FAGG, Sciensanoen/or other federal government services or ministries with the in Article2, 20 °, the operational management of the strategic stocks. The king can set the further constitutional constitutional management of the operational management of the stock referred to in the first paragraph. He can also arrange vstrategic stock and can, in particular, determine minimal stock obligations of products and personal protective equipment that he designates, the periodicity of the renewal of the stocks and the rules under which the State can alienate products in order to renew them to occur to occur. 6. The distribution of the products and personal protection agents referred to in Article 5 to the hospital pharmacy, the pharmacy opened to the public or to the Depars, authorized in accordance with Article 27, 6 °, of this Act, is commissioned by the Minister or his representative, by a Wholesaler designated by him or his representative.art.7. The minister or his representative may, by decision, oblige the persons, listed in the third paragraph, an overview of their stocks of products and personal protective equipment to join the FAGG for the products whose list is determined by him. In this decision, the ministerly intervals establishes in which these overviews must be communicated. The data in the first members of the aimed are suspected of enterprise data that, from the nature of the case, have a confidential character, as referred to in Article 6, § 1, 7 °, of the law of 11 April 1994 relevant openness of the administration. The persons referred to in the first paragraph are: 1 ° the manufacturers wholesalersreferred to in Article 12bis and 12ter of the Medicines Act; 2 ° the Hospital Pharmacies; 3 ° the pharmacies open to the public; 4 ° the blood institutions recognized in accordance with the law of 5 July 1994 on blood and blood derivatives of human origin; 5 ° the hospitals 6 ° the banks for human body material referred to in Article 2, 24 ° of the law of 19 December 2008 on the obtaining and use of human body material with the eye on medical application to humans or scientific research; 7 ° the intermediary Structures for human body material, as referred to in Article 2, 25 °, of the Act of 19 December 2008 on the obtaining and use of human body material with the eye to the medical application to humans or scientific research. Chapter 2. -input, distribution delivery From non-licensed drugs. 8. The State Cancer Medicines for which no commercial permit was granted as referred to in Article 6 of the Medicines Act, on condition that the medicines are exclusively intended for inclusion in the Strategic Stock, to the extent that the conditions of this chapter have been met. The medicines are only purchased in the case of an imminent or established unavailability and to the extent that the purchase is part of the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie or its consequences. The delegate may only have the non-licensed medicines, in accordance with the provisions of this chapter, distributed or made available, medicines that are necessary to prevent the alleged or found distribution of pathogens, toxins, chemical agents or nuclear radiation, as well as to The consequences of these helping. The State and the Minister can only perform these acts, to the extent that these frame in the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie or its consequences. The purchase and the distribution of non-licensed medicines in accordance with this chapter, is limited to a period by the minister Tebalen term . This period cannot be longer than the expected duration of the unavailability in the first member. 9. The medicines purchased pursuant to Article 8 can be placed on the market and only made available in accordance with the provisions of this chapter.art. 10. § 1. In the event of an unavailability of a medicine for human use, the minister or his delegate decision has been recorded in Belgium, can make an alternative available to patients in deviation from Article 6, §1, first paragraph, of the Drugs Act, provided that at the same time: 1 ° the unprofitable drug, as a replacement for which the alternative is used, is licensed in Belgium either for the prevention, diagnosis or treatment of an illness or disorder, either as a supporting therapy for the treatment of a disease or disorder; 2 2; ° there is no licensed pharmaceutical substitute for the alternative available; 3 ° the patients are treated in a hospital, in the context of a hospital started in the hospital or outpatient treatment of the disease; 4 ° the alternative is intended for patients, from which one can expect that, will take place in the short term without adapted treatment hun or that the RI of the consequences of the absence of treatment will be greater than the risk of the consequences due to the use of the alternative.§ 2. at the request of a pharmacist and after submission of a medical prescription, the Minister or his delegate may be delegated, By decision making an alternative available in a pharmacy that is publicly opened. The pharmacist addresses his request for the government that ensures operational management of the strategic stock. § 3. In the case of provision referred to in §§ 1 and 2, the minister or his representative determines the therapeutic indications of the alternative by decision. He can subject the posting to one or multiple conditions the following conditions, depending on the specific risk profile of the alternative:-detection will be done by a doctor of a specialty to be determined by the minister to be determined by the ministerWhether the responsibility of such a doctor- the posting is subject to a administration and follow-up protocol to be followed;- The posting is made dependent on the presence of adequately qualified care providers and/or suitable equipment. § 4. De Koningkan determine the procedures and further rules for the application of this article. He subjects the decision to adopt an alternative and the therapeutic indications to a mandatory advice from an advisory body as referred to in Article 1 of the law of 20 July 1990 for promoting the balanced presence of men and women in organs with advisory authority.art.11. The distribution of the alternative to the hospital pharmacy or the pharmacy opened to the public is done in accordance with Article 6.Art. 12. § 1. The alternative can only be delivered by the pharmacist or by the hospital pharmacist insofar as it is prescribed by a doctor. § 2. The alternative delivered by the hospital pharmacist is in the hospital and in a deviation from the first paragraph of this section, the King can determine the conditions for further regulatory rules, including the hospital pharmacist an alternative for use in an outpatient treatment, outside the hospital. Art. 13. § 1. The hospital pharmacist mentioned the delivered alternatives in a special register. The king can set further rules for keeping the special register. § 2. At the request of the government, the hospital pharmacist and the pharmacist will communicate the state of affairs of the delivery of the alternatives to the government within a period of two days after receipt of this request. § 1. Contrary to the provisions laid down by and pursuant to Article 13 of the Medicines Act guarantee, the State is the quality of the alternatives. The wholesaler, referred to in Article6, is responsible for the distribution of the alternative in accordance with the by the minister or his delegates the by the manufacturer communicated instructions. The hospital pharmacist and pharmacist remain responsible for the storage and delivery of the alternative. They keep the alternative conformed by the minister or his representative and the instructions communicated by the manufacturer.§ 2. The doctor who prescribes an alternative within the indications determined under Article10, § 3, cannot be held liable for the damage that flows directly or indirectly From the fact that the medicine is not licensed, if the medicine is distributed, delivered, or is administered in accordance with the provisions of this chapter. The holders of VHB, the holders of a manufacturing permit as referred to in Article 12bis of the Medicines Act or a wholesale permit as referred to in Article 12ter of the Medicines Act, the personal authorized to deliver medicines to the public, and the other health care practitioners that the medicine administer, are not liable for the damage that arises, directly or indirectly, from the fact that the drug is not licensed , if the medicine is distributed, delivered or administered in accordance with the provisions of this chapter. Contributed to the possible liability of third parties, the State is liable towards the patient for all direct or downwich damage that the patient suffers, as a result of the fact that the medicine unimpaired .Art. 15. § 1. The treating physician, the hospital pharmacist and the pharmacist Reports Probably serious side effect or incident, as referred to in Article 1, 11 ° of the Drugs vessels Any unexpected side effect as referred to in Article 2, 17 °, to the Fagg. The treating doctor, the hospital pharmacist and the pharmacist every fourteen days each presumed effect on the Fagg. The reports referred to in the first and second paragraph are based on the form for the report of side effects. . The treating doctor, the hospital pharmacist and the pharmacist report each suspicion of counterfeits each suspicion of a lack of quality of the medicine (s) referred to in Article 10, §§ 1 and 2 within twenty -four hours after its adoption of it Fagg.averenenenplaatsst the hospital pharmacist, or the pharmacist, the medicine or medicines in quarantine and this pending instruct from the minister or his representative. In quarantine placed products, physically must be placed in a separate, enclosed space. Every system that replaces the physical quarantaine must offer equivalent security. After receiving the report referred to in the first paragraph, the minister or his representative gives as soon as possibleAfter advice from the FAGG on the presumably risk for public health of the medicine in question, instructions on the hospital pharmacists and pharmacists.titel IV. -Temporary measures containing the insurance of the traceability of medicines in the context of the prophylax campaigns during the COVID-19-PandemieArt.16. § 1. In the context of the prophylax campaigns during the COVID-19 Pandemie, operator medicines can keep in view of the delivery to hospital pharmacies, pharmacies, pharmaceutical experts or doctors, authorized in accordance with Article 27, 6 °. In that case, the operators must be responsible for the correct preservation of the medicine, in accordance with the good distribution practices, determined under article 12ter, § 1, fourteenth paragraph, of the Medicines Act. Contributed to the provisions of Article 6, § 2., 8 ° of the Wug and its implementing decisions, contrary to Article12bis of the Medicines Act, pharmacists, in a pharmacy, hospital pharmacists in a hospital pharmacy, or pharmaceutical experts, can also do fractionation or medication preparation outside of a pharmacy, even outside of a pharmacy, when these actions are performed solely in their capacity as operating stormetet In view of the detention of medicines in the context of the prophylax campaigns during Decovid-19-Pandemie. The pharmaceutical experts referred to in the second paragraph, moreover, also a pharmacy beyond, insofar as they are related to the Prophylaxecampnet times the COVID -19 Pandemie: 1 ° All he performs stated stated in Article 5/1 of Dewug, including the delivery of the medicines referred to in the second paragraph; 2 ° provide the needy pharmaceutical care. § 2. Operators referred to in § 1, Primary member and second paragraph, use the traceability requirements, as determined in the good manufacturing practices, determined by the King under Article 12bis, § 1, paragraph 5 of the Medicines Act or Via Vertreen de Goede Distribution Practices, determined by the Article 12ter, § 1, fourteenth paragraph, of the Medicines Act. § 3. The King may determine the Further Rules and Conditions for Waaraande Operators referred to in § 1, first paragraph and second paragraph, must meet the execution of Hun Tasks. Title V. - Temporary measures to protect the regular supply of the health care system during the COVID -19 Pandemic chapter 1. -General provisions art.17. § 1. The measures taken on the basis of this title are opposable or binding: 1 ° in the case of an individual administrative legal act: after notification to the person, the measures are imposed; 2 ° in the case of a regulatory administrative legal act: after Publication on the website of the Fagg.on redembled the previous paragraph, the regulatory duties are immediately announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. § 2. Without prejudice to other persons determination, the measures lived in this title can only be determined if the following conditions have been met: 1 ° The measures are necessary, suitable and proportional to the fight against the causes and the consequences of the COVID-13 Pandemie; 2; ° the Measures Komentegoet on the needs of public health and aim to ensure the distribution of and access to the products for the patient. § 3. The minister or his delegate the measures referred to in this title Suspend or cancel, as well as certain persons withdrawn from the application of the measures, if: 1 ° the measures no longer comply with the conditions set in this title; 2 ° the persons do not comply with the provisions of this title; 3 ° The persons do not comply with the conditions and further rules that are associated with the measures. Caparatum 2.-Exceptional powers of the FAGG during the COVID-19 Pandemy art. 18. § 1. During the COVID-19 Pandemie, the FAGG has to ensure the regular supply of the health care system as command. In particular, theFAGG can be charged with the operational management of the strategic stocks of products based on article 5, second paragraph. § 2. The King can determine the minimum organizational measurement of § 1 as well as the way in which supervision is carried out on these activities. The FAGG implements the organizational measures in order to guarantee the independence of the inspectors of the agency with regard to the activities referred to in § 1 .§ 3. The FAGG is authorized to propose regulations to the minister that follows the follow -upThe application and control of this title.art. 19. § 1. The Minister Kanhet FAGG taxes with the preceding market research and the preparation of the award in the Frame Fan The Acquisition of Products by the State in the context of the COVID-19 Pandemie. §2. The King can determine the minimum organizational measures for the implementation of § 1 The way in which supervision is carried out on these activities. The FAGG implements the organizational measures in order to ensure the independence of the inspectors of the Agency for the activities. . - Derogations for aids department 1. - Outsourcing of "in House" aid art. 20. In the context of the manufacture of aids in house, a hospital or a locoregional clinical hospital network, the design, the manufacture, the packaging or the labeling can be outsourced, if the following conditions are met: 1 ° on the market there are no other aids that are protected Instead of the aids thus manufactured, it can be used within the time that is necessary for the treatment of patients or the protection of staff; 2 ° The tasks and responsibilities are laid down in a contract between the hospital and the external service provider; 3 ° the external service provider Set up a traceability system; 4 ° for aids that must be sterilized before use, the external service provider takes into account the sterilization method in the hospitals are used for the selection of the material used and for the design of the tool.art. 21. § 1. Hospitals, or the Locoregional Clinical Hospital Networks, which appeal to a third company in accordance with Article 20, report this in the statement referred to in Article 5 (5) (e) of Regulation (EU) No 2017 /745.doed companies that are involved in the manufacture of aids in accordance with Article 20 report this ADJUST FAGG via the form that is available on the website. § 2. In the framework of the notification referred to in § 1, 2nd paragraph, the third company informs the FAGG about the norms of its quality system, its risk management system and for the implementation of systems for the control of the biocompatibility of materials. § 3. The King can determine the conditions and further rules for the notification referred to in this article.art. 22. The FAGG publishes the notifications referred to in Article 21 on its website. The Koning can determine the conditions and further rules for the announcement referred to in the first paragraph.Art. 23. The minister or the representative may suspend or prohibit the outsourcing on the basis of article 20 if the provisions of this chapter or the need for outsourcing in the event of the COVID-19 Pandemie does not outweigh the risky of outsourcing The Koning can determine the conditions and further rules for the application of the first paragraph.Art. 24. The manufacture in accordance with Article 20 of implantable medical aids and radiation equipment is prohibited. Department 2. - Alternative test protocol.25. Without prejudice to Article 59 of Regulation 2017/745 of 5 April 2017 on medical devices Article 54 of Regulation 2017/746 of 5 April 2017 on medical devices for in-vitrodiagnostics, the King can determine the further rules, including non-compliant tools, the market either as a medical device or for a non-medical purpose. He can limit it to the use of these non-conforming tools by hospitals or health care practitioners. If the minister is admitted to a non-medical purposes on the basis of the first paragraph, the minister determines the conditions for the re-packaging and re-packaging in order to be confused with to prevent medical devices. The FAGG publishes the Further Regulations in the first paragraph on its website. The Koning can apply the application of this article to Further Regulations and Conditions. Chapter 4. - Deviations on and limitation vand distribution or delivery of ProductArt. 26. § 1. The export of medicines, as referred to in Article 2, 5 °, and the export of raw materials can be subject to a preliminary declarationIf each of the following conditions are met: 1 ° it is an essential or criticism of medicine or critical or essential raw material; 2 ° There is a likely or certain unavailability of the drug or raw material; 3 ° the ineo -unfled by 2 ° cannot or is not or insufficient are taken care of by means of other available product that is a therapeutically fully -fledged substitute for the product for which there is a likely or certain deficit. A "criticism" medicine or critical raw material as referred to in Hetweeden paragraph, 1 °, is understood to mean a medicine or raw material that to each of the following conditions: 1 ° The medicine or the preparation made based on the raw material is an integral part of the investigation, prevention, diagnostics of COVID-19 or of the treatment of patients with COVID-19 and is necessary to the continuity of care can guarantee whether the drug or the raw material is based on Refried preparation is an integral part of the treatment, prevention or diagnosis of another disease or disorder, whereby the availability of the products is compromised for the sake of the COVID-19-Pandemie; 2 ° there are therapeutic medicines or raw materials available. This is particularly the case: a. the medicine or raw material is only produced in one location; there are no other (interchangeable) doses or strengths available; c. no generic variants are available; d. There are no medicines or raw materials that can be an equivalent substitute for treatment. Singal medicines or raw materials intended for the Belgian market can be targeted by the measure provided for in this article. §2. The minister or his representative takes the decision to subject the medicine or raw material a prior notice referred to in § 1. If the minister or his delegate application makes the first paragraph, each manufacturer or wholesaler reports as referred to in Articles12bis and 12ter of the Medicines Act his intention to export the medicine or the raw material on the Fagg. The notification includes at least: 1 ° the name of the medicine or raw material; 2 ° If it concerns a medicine, the VHB number or the VHB numbers including the drug to be exported, or the CNK number or the CNK numbers 3 ° the number of packaging to be exported, per VHB or CNK number or per raw material; 4 ° the remaining stock, per VHB or CNK number or per raw material, after the genotified export. If the notification is the in the second member intention contains data, the minister decides whether his representative immediately prohibit the export. The minister or his representative can request additional information from the second paragraph, which he considers necessary for a motivated decision. In the event of an inner case, the period referred to in the fifth paragraph is suspended until the application was completed. The suspension starts on the day after the knowledge of the notification obligatory in the second paragraph The question of additional information. The export of the product is prohibited to up to The moment the minister or his representative makes a decision regarding the notification referred to in the second member. If the decision in which the export referred to in accordance with the second paragraph is not brought to the applicant for the day after the notification referred to in the second paragraph, the export is admitted to the applicant. § 3. Without prejudice to the Treaty Provisions on the ground of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, the Minister will meet the circumstances with the circumstances of application of § 1, within a reasonable period of time, in order not to unnecessarily prevent planners. In urgent cases motivated by the circumstance that additional measure of immediate measure caused the mortality or the unbearable suffering caused by COVID-19Dtt, the measure can be taken without a period. Article17, § 1, 2 °. The decision referred to in § 1 is limited to the period determined by the minister. This period cannot be longer than the expected duration of the unavailability referred to in § 1., first paragraph, 2 °. § 4. The King can determine the conditions and denaderere rules for the application of this article. The king can further determine what should be meant by a criticism or essential medicine. The king can determine the list of critical or essential products. The King can determine a procedure for an organized administrative appeal.Art. 27. The minister or his representative can be made by decision: 1 ° the delivery of a medicineIncluding magistral or officinal preparations, or temporarily limit a tool. In particular, he can limit delivery on the basis of: A.E a maximum amount per patient; b. a risk group based on the risk profile of the patients. It can phase this measure over time in function of the risk groups referred to under the first paragraph, b, the supply of a medicine, aid or raw material Aanpotheken temporarily limit to a fixed quantity per pharmacy; 3 ° the delivery of a medicine, including magisterial or official preparations, temporarily reserved sitting home pharmacies; 4 ° order the redistribution of the stock of a medicine or raw material, either by means of an indirect redistribution to wholesalers or by means of a direct redistribution under pharmacies; 5 ° the hospital pharmacies authorize medicines to redistribute directly under the stated hospital pharmacies and the pharmacies for this, and to do so the conditions and modalities; 6 ° the delivery of the COVID-19 vaccins by doctors, allow and allow and allow and the delivery of the COVID-19 vaccines admit outside the hospital pharmacy or pharmacy open to the public; 7 ° orders that the stock of medicines can only be sold or delivered in wholesalers according to the instructions of the Fagg. For the COVID-19 vaccines, the vaccine may be delivered to De Burgerdie is called up for the vaccination by the state or the federated entities, also in the event of a lack of medical prescription, as referred to in Article 1, 22) of the Medicines Act. This leaves the responsibility of the doctor who administers the vaccine or under whose responsibility it is not affected, the decision referred to under the first paragraph, 6 °, is struck retroactively, until the date of entry into force of this article. 28. § 1. If persons are authorized on the basis of Article27, 6 °, to perform actions specifically to doctors or if there is a person orientation to deliver medicines outside pharmacies on the basis of Article 27, 6 °, become persons who This authorization received with persons authorized to deliver medicines to the public, as referred to in Article 3, § 2, of the Medicines Act.§ 2. The wholesaler referred to in Article 12ter of the Medicines Act, can deliver medicines to the referred to in the first paragraph persons. Contrary to Article 12ter, §1, sixth paragraph of the Medicines Act, the wholesaler referred to in the first paragraph also includes the manufacturer intended in Article 12bis of the Medicines Act. § 3. The wholesaler referred to in§ 2, checks the safety characteristics on the packaging of the medicine and deactiving the unique identification feature, referred to in Article 3 (2)) of the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/161 of 2 October 2015 supplementing guideline 2001/83/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council by adopting detailed rules for safety characteristics on the packaging of medicines for human use, for the delivery of the drug to the persons referred to in§ 1, in accordance with Article 23 , a) of the same delegated regulation. The persons referred to the first paragraph, for the application of this title, are equated with a pre -open pharmacy. Title VI. -Temporary measures with regard to the indemnification of the continuity of the hospital services against the impact of the COVID-19-Pandema chapter1. - Scope of application. 29. This title aims to ensure the financial indemnity of the hospital service ending. 30. § 1. The King can release an amount for an intervention of the hospitals as referred to in Article 2 of the Hospital Act, to partially take care of the impact of Decovid-19 epidemic, via a redistribution between or within the partial-annual Objectives, such as provided for in the GVU Act, and/or via an exogenous financing.§ 2. The King can set an amount for a central government on an annual basis that will be part of the insurance income, as referred to in Article 191 of the GVU Act. Art. 31. The provisional distribution of the amount for this intervention referred to in Article 30, § 1, is carried out by the deposit of an advance that is calculated on the basis of the part of each hospital in proportion to the total RIZIV expenditure of the hospitals for the whole of the Regular hospital activity As is apparent from the RIZIV Documents P, supplemented by the variable part of its budget of financial resourcesThe fixed day hospitals as well as the Medicinesfaits for the full year 2019.Art.32. The advance amounts per hospital that were calculated under the provisions of Article 31 are deposited by RIZIV on the bank account of each hospital concerned and this as soon as possible after the declaration of the Decree in the Belgian Official Gazette. The hospitals are communicated by the FPS Public Health to the RIZIV.Kaplaat3. - settlement advances with an exceptionally federal financial allowance art.33. The advance amounts referred to in Article 31 are settled with the coverage of costs for the service provision of an epidemic, as referred to in Article 101 of the Hospital Act. If the payable parenting amount to a hospital turns out to be higher than the costs for services during the epidemic die are calculated in application of the above mentioned Article, the balance will be deducted from the budget of financial resources of the hospital, as referred to in Article 95 of the Hospital Act. King can determine the further rules regarding the way in which the balance is deducted, insofar as necessary in the framework of the financial indemnification of the continuity of the hospital services, a possible spread over time over multiple budgets of financial means. To allow the payment of the allowance to be faster in accordance with Article 101 of the Hospital Act, this payment or part there can be there From, in deviation from the normal payment mechanism of the budget of financial resources of the hospitals, the hospitals are done directly. The king can determine further modalities regarding the payment of the allowance and the settlement of the advance amounts.titel VII. - Temporary measures with the test strategy and test financing chapter 1. - Regulation of the Prices of the Testestart. 34. In the context of the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie, King can establish the maximum prices of medical devices for in vitro diagnostics for the implementation of tests with a view to detecting at least the SARS-COV-2 virus or with the Eye on detecting antigens of or antibodies against the aforementioned virus. Chapter 2. - Conditions for the version of the Testestart. 35. § 1. The King can prescribe the conditions and the rules under which the tests referred to in § 2 can be prescribed and the decreases of steel with the implementation of those tests can be done, as well as the grabbing over which the people have to have any of each of to perform those actions. § 2. The King can determine the conditions and the rules, including testing by means of medical devices for in-vitrodiagnostics with a view to detecting at least the SARS-COV-2 virus or with a view to detecting antigens of or antibodies against it The aforementioned virus can be performed. The Kingkan determines the skill that the person must have that is authorized to execute and interpret the tests. The King can provide prohibitions in the importance of public health. In particular, it can refer to the guidelines From the Risk Management Group that are announced, the website of Sciensano. Chapter 3. - Notification of the test results to Sciensanoart.36. The results of the tests performed by means of medical devices for in-vitro diagnostics with the eye on detecting at least the SARS-COV-2 virus or with a view to detecting antigens of or antibodies against the aforementioned virus should be communicated to Sciensano . This announcement according to the guidelines that are published on the website of Sciensano in accordance with the decisions of the Collaboration Agreement of 25 August 2020 between the Federal State, the Flemish Community, the Walloon Region, the German -language Community and the Community Commission, concerned joint data processing by Sciensano and the De Contact centers, health inspections and mobile teams designated by the competent federated entities or from the competent agencies, a contact study of persons who (probably) are (probably) infected with the COVID-19 Coronavirus is contaminated by a database at Sciensano, rated by Act of 9 October 2020. The reporting NaSciensano comprises at least the identification and contact details of the patient, the type of testing test, the date of the steel collection, the test result and the reporting doctor or specialist for clinical biology. The king can determine the further regulations for this announcement. Chapter4. - Financing the test art. 37. § 1. The King sets the reimbursement in the framework of the compulsory insurance for medical care, set by Degvu lawFixed tests conducted by means of medical devices for in-vitro diagnostics Methet eye to detect at least the SARS-COV-2 virus or with a view to detecting antigens of or antibodies against the aforementioned virus. The king lists the benefits , determines it, where appropriate, relatively, and in particular determines the conditions and application rules service. In particular, he can refer to the guidelines of the Risk Management Group that are made on the Sciensano website. § 2. The King can provide for a personal share, either for all beneficiaries or for categories of entitled parties, in the cost price of benefits. § 3. No supplements may be charged. §4. The king can broaden the reimbursement of the tests to persons who are not entitled people of the compulsory insurance for medical care. In that case, the king can be the compensation rules with regard to the other regulations. The §§ 2 and 3 apply in that case.art.38. If costs associated with the tests are not reimbursed by the mandatory insurance for medical delivery, they can be charged to those who demand them with the exception of the costs of test material that is made available free of charge by the public authorities.art. 39. The costs associated with the tests that are demanded by the employers, private institutions or preventive purposes for the public authorities are not reimbursed by the insurance for medical care. The king can determine which indications are reimbursed. Nor are the costs reimbursed of test material that is made available free of charge by the public authorities.art. 40. The Committee of the Insurance for Medical Care can conclude agreements with centers taxed with assignments regarding the quality-keeping processes, validation of test material and scientific research and development of protocols for new methods and techniques in the investigation of Hetars-COV-2 virus. Chapter 5 - subcontracting of Testestart. 41. The King can lay down specific conditions and rules if for tests carried out by means of medical aids for in-vitro diagnostics with a view to detecting the SARS-COV-2 virus or with the eye on detecting antigens of or antibodies against The aforementioned virus is called upon a subcontractor. In particular, he can determine the conditions and rules to which the invoications must answer the report of those benefits. Title VIII. -Temporary measures with regard to the indictment of care in the context of the fight against the COVID-19-PandemieArt.42. Contrary to the powers adopted by the GVU Act, in the context of the regulation of compulsory insurance for medical care for medical care, the King may create temporary benefits and provide temporary interim contents to enable care for care in the context of the battle against COVID- 19-Pandemie. The Koning can broaden the reimbursement or the interventions until the person die is not entitled to the compulsory insurance for medical care. The King Kanin that case that case determines the compensation rules between the various regulations. Prohibit the king of opportunity supplements for benefits related to medical devices for in-vitrodiagnostics referred to in Article 34.Art. 43. The Committee of the Medical Provision Insurance can conclude agreements that aim to provide an intervention for care granted the framework of the fight against the COVID-19-Pandemie.titel IX. - Temporary measurement with fast Antigeentestart. 44. The King may, supplement the provisions of Articles 4 to 10 of the Law of 22 December 2020 containing various measures related to fast antigeentions the registration and processing of data on vaccinations in the context of the fight against COVID-19 Pandemie, supplement , change or replace it to bring these into line with the provisions established to implement Title VII.titel X.-Temporary measures with regard to drug monitoring of COVID-19-vaccinesArt. 45. When reporting a side effect of a vaccine against COVID-19, the data from the Vaccinet+ System that the FAGG needs for its drug monitoring system are included in the notification form. It is determined about data regarding the patient, the vaccine, vaccination and the vaccine. These data boasts in a cooperation agreement with the competent communities and regions are specified. The personal data referred to in the first paragraph is processed in a pseudonymized form in a FederalTatabankof which the FAGG is the controller. The processing of the personal data referred to in the Primary Member is the finality of the elaboration of a drug monitoring system of the vaccines against COVID-19, in accordance with Article 12sexies of the Act of 25 March 1964, the detailed guidelines made by the medicines by the European Commission in the "Module VI collection, management and submission of reports of suspected side effects of medicines (GVP)", such as zevoor in the last available version, and as referred to in Article 4, paragraph 1, 3rd paragraph, 3 °, of the Law of 20 July 2006 on the establishment and functioning of the Federal Agency for Medicines Health Products. With the eye on the evaluation of the risks associated with the long-term effects of the vaccines against COVID-19, the FAGG pseudonymized personal data concerning the reporting benefits of these vaccines up to 10 years after the end of the Vergu ning for the marketing of the vaccine except for otherwise European or legal provisions. Title XI. - Inspection powersart.46. The persons referred to in Articles 47 and 48 can claim the assistance of the police services, in accordance with article 44 of the law of 5 August 1992 on the police officer. 47. § 1. Without prejudice to powers of the judicial police officers, the King's Persons designated for this purpose practiced or, in the absence of contractual staff by means of a contract of an indefinite duration, of the FAGG, supervising the application of the titles IIien V by conducting inspections, if necessary unannounced. § 2. Without prejudice to the powers of the judicial police officers, the statutory or contractual staff intended in § 1 may, with proper identification certificates, make the powers of their order use, as referred to in Article 14, §§ 2 and 3, of The Medicines Act.art.48. Without prejudice to the officers of the judicial police officers, the statutory and contractual inspectors and inspectors of the Inspection of the Directorate-General for Animal, Plant and Nutrition of the FPS Public Health are charged with the supervision of compliance with the provisions of them submitted to the Council of Ministers Minister of the Interior Decree, taken under the Act of 15 May 2007 on Civil Security or under the Act of 31 December 1963 on Civil Protection. To exercise, as referred to in the first paragraph, the inspectors and inspectors on the powers of the food and other products in Articles 11 and 11bis of the Act of 24 January 1977 on the protection of the health of the users on the piece of foods and other products. paragraph 1 stated ministerial decision and for which the Inspectorate of the Directorate-General Animal, Plant and Nutrition of the FODVolks Health is competent, is punished with a prison sentence of eight days to three months and a fine of twenty-six euros to five hundred euros, or with one of those punishments alone . Wiezich opposes the checks of the inspectors and inspectors referred to in the first paragraph, is punished with a prison sentence of fifteen days to three months and with a fine of one hundred euros to totd thousand euros or with one of these penalties only. The report of violation of violation prepared by the inspectors and inspectors referred to in the first paragraph, the leading official of the FPS Public Health is transferred who, in accordance with Article 19 of the Act of 24Januari 1977 on the protection of users' health on the part of the foods and other products, A sum of money can determine whose voluntary payment by the offender of the violation, the public claim is expired. If the payment is refused, the file will be sent to the Attorney's King. The sum of money will be deposited in the Budget Fund for the rawoffen De Products.art. 49. The provisions regarding control and disputes provided for by or against title VII of the GVU lawapply to Articles 35 to 43 of this law.art.50. The federal health inspectors of the FPS Public Health exercise supervision on the application of the provisions of Article 35 of this law. With the eye to this supervision, they have access to the places where these tests are taken at all times. They may be given all information for the intended supervision and all documents or electronic carriers hand over themselves that they require for the exercise of their audit assignment. 51. For the implementation of Articles 37 to 43, the procedures are set by or pursuant to the GVU Act, but may take place in writing or at a distance. The advice can be sought within a shorter period than the legal or regulatory period or period or the measures can be taken without the legal or regulatory proposals or advice being obtained in advance. The minister competent for Social Saken motivates this necessity. Title XIII. -Exception to price falls for COVID-19-Zermansart.52. The price decreases in the context of the application of Article 35ter of the GVU Act or of Article 69 of the Act of 27 April 2005 on the control of the Budget of Health Care and holding Diverse Health Provisions do not apply to the medicines that are on the moment of the entry into force of the price fall in the object of a decision by the minister or his representative, taken on the basis of the Royal Decree of 24 March 2020 containing special measures to combat medicines in the context of the SARS-COV-2 Pandemie, on based on the Royal Decree of 8 April 2021 containing special measures to combat medicines in the context of the SARS-COV-2 pandemic or on the basis of Article 27. If from an appendix to the decision referred to in the first paragraph becomes a medicine deleted, the fall in the price, referred to in the first paragraph, are applied by operation of law by date of the next application of Article 35ter of the GVU Act or of Article 69 of the Act of 27 April 2005 concerning the control of the Budget of Healthcare and containing various health provisions. , the deferred price decreases, referred to in the first paragraph, are legally applied on the date of the next application of Article 35ter of the GVU Act or of Article 69 of the Act of 27 April 2005 on the control of the Healthcare Budget and various provisions on health. TitelXIV. - Penalty provisions. 53. Without prejudice to the penalties set out in the Criminal Code, the violation of the titles III and V or their implementing decisions, or the measures taken on the basis of these titles, is punished with a prison sentence of one month to one year and with a fine of 200E to 15,000 EUR or with one of these penalties only.art. 54. Without prejudice to the penalties, refusing visits, inspections, investigations, inspections, interruptions, sampling, collection of evidence or other contractual staff members, as referred to in Article 47, as referred to in Article 47, As well as he resists that self -employed, punished with a prison sentence of one month to one year and with a fine of EUR EUR EUR EUR EUR EUR 15,000 or with one of these penalties only.art. 55. Article 17 of the Medicines Act applies mutatis mutandis to title V.Art. 56. In the event of repetition within a period of a year after a conviction, for violation of the titles III and V and their implementing decisions, the punishment can be doubled. Title XV. - Change and cancellation provisionsart.57. Article 34 of the GVU Act, is supplemented by a member, reading: "If the medical provisions are carried out by means of information and communication technologies, the insurance for medical care is only intervened if this is explicitly provided for the reimbursement conditions. The Koning determines the definitions and application conditions that these benefits must meet. "Art.58. In Article 9 of the Royal Decree No 20 of 13 May 2020 on temporary measures in the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie and to ensure the continuity of care in the mandatory insurance for medical care, ratified by the law of 24 December 2020The following changes are made: 1 ° in paragraph 2 are replaced in the description of the provision 101916th words "with a view to resisting the psychotherapeutic treatment that had been started for the government measures" with the words "with a view to continuing a psychotherapeutic treatment "; 2 ° Section 2 is supplemented with a member, reading:" By continuing a psychotherapeutic treatment "is understood to apply this decision, every psychotherapeutic treatment for which three sessions referred to in Article 2, d or e, of the nomenclature DRIVENDERT 4 May 2020. "3 ° in paragraph 4, last paragraph, the words" were underway before March 1, 2020 "replaced by the words" was going on before November 2, 2020. "Art. 59. In article 46 of the same decision, amended by the Royal Decree of 20 July 2020 and confirmed by the Law of 24 December 2020, § 2 is replaced as follows: "§ 2. The allowance intended in paragraph 1, 2 ° is at the earliest from March 23, 2020 or from the start date of the triage and decrease center, if it falls later. The allowances referred to in paragraph 1, 3 °, 4 ° and 5 ° are at the earliest from the start date of the triage and purchase center. With regard to reference To paragraph 1, 2 °, 3 ° and 4 °, this section applies until July 26, 2020. "Art.60. In Article 1 of the Royal Decree no. 29 of 5 June 2020 implementing Article 5, §1, 2 ° of the Law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the King to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the coronavirus COVID-19 (II) With a view to assimilation of unforeseen stroke periods of doctors in training, confirmed by the law of December 24, 2020, the words "December 31, 2020" are replaced by the words "October 1, 2021" .Art. 61. Article 35ter, §1bis of the GVU Act, inserted by the Program Act of 20 December 2020, is supplemented with two paragraphs, reading: "The reductions that the king sets under the first and second paragraphs do not apply to the Pharmaceutical specialties with the ATC5 code J05AR and more than one working component: 1 ° which the applicant has shown to apply to the price and the reimbursement base (level outdoor company), calculated per unit, per form and per strength of the combination of active components, applicable At the time of the notification referred to in Article 77, § 1, second paragraph of the Kon -Bonal Decree of 1 February 2018 establishing the procedures, periods and conditions for compensation for the compulsory insurance for medical care and benefits in the costs of pharmaceutical specialties, Being lower or equal to the lowest outside company Price for the same pharmaceutical specialty, applicable at the moment V the aforementioned notification, calculated unit, per form and per strength of the combination of active ingredients within the whole of the European countries stated in Article 72bis, § 1, 8 ° of this Act; 2 ° that still comply with the aforementioned notification the description referred to in Article 34, first paragraph, 5 °, b). If due to the reduction determined by the king, the outdoor company calculated per unit, per form and per strength of the combination of active components of pharmaceutical specialties with more than One working ingredient that still answers the description referred to in Article 34, first paragraph, 5 °, b) at the time of the aforementioned notification is lower than the low -out company price of the whole of the prices stated in the previous paragraph, is the reduction Border this lowest price. "Art. 62. In section 19 of the Royal Decree No 21 of 14 May2020 containing temporary adjustments to the compensation conditions and administrative rules in the compulsory insurance for medical care as a result of the COVID-19 Pandemie, an Article 26/1n. . 26/1. Fully completed and signed referral instructions that were delivered by means of an optical or photographic technique and by e -mail or another electronic way to the patient, are a legally valid land for reimbursement by the mandatory insurance for medical care of the prescribed treatment . The patient must provide his information permission for the forwarding of this information electronically. The care provider carries out prescribed care prescribed, stores a copy or print thereof in the patient's file. Thisor provider is not obliged to do the original paper versions after the period of special measuring Delivery to the insurance institutions. This provision refers to referral regulations signed on 1 March 2020. "Art. 63. In Article 4 the law of 25 February 2018 establishing Sciensanoa paragraph 4/1 is inserted, reading: "§ 4/1. Sciensano has the framework of the control of public health crises as an assignment to coordinate and implement the scientific aspects of this, to monitor the risks and to evaluating this to evaluating. to provide analyzes of the collected data, advice and recommendations to the country's health authorities, and to organize communication for the benefit of governments, the care providers and the public. "Art. 64. A member inserted in Article 101 of the Hospital Act between the first and second paragraphs: "The King determines, together in the Council of Ministers Decree, the costs of the services that are eligible for one -cost coverage when applying the first paragraph. "Title XVI. - Inn- and outdoor effects. 65. § 1. This law comes into effect on the day following its announcement in the Belgian State Leaf. § 2. Contrary to paragraph 1, 1 ° Title IV of this Act comes into effect on 1 December 2020; 2 ° Title V of this Act on April 1, 2021, Based on 5, first paragraph, 6 °, second and third party paragraph and Article 28, which enter into force on 1 December2020; 3 ° Article 34 to 39, Article 41, Article 43 and Title XII in operation on 1 February 2021; 4 ° Article 40 in operation on 1 March 2020; 5 ° Article 42 in operation on 1 January 2020; 6 ° Article 58 in operation on 4 May 2020; 7 ° Article 59 in operation on 1 March 2020; 8 ° Article 52 and Article 61 entering into force on 1 April 2021. § 3. Titles VI, VII, VIIien IX of this Act will take place out of effect on 31 December 2025. § 4. With the exception of the application of Article 66, Article 8 and the titles IV, V and X will dispose of at the time the federal phase of the National Emergency Plan, Activated in the context of the COVID-19 Pandemie, terminated. 66. Until December 31, 2025, the King may declare a provisions of Article 8 and of the Titles IV, V and X in full or partially applicable to a disease other than those referred to in this Act, provided that: 1 ° the disease by an inter-or supranational institution is recognized as pandemic used by the World Health Organization on the basis of the criteria; 2 ° the disease is up to date or potentially on the national territory on the basis of which measures are established at national level. If a provision is limited If the COVID-19 Pandemie or Illness is declared applicable on the basis of the first paragraph, then the application of this provision is limited to the illness referred to in the first paragraph. Lands' seal will be covered and will be made by the Belgian Official Gazette. Given in Bussel, 13 June 2021.Filipvan Koningsweight: Deminister of Health, f. Vandenbrouckemet 's Lands seal sealed: Deminister of Justice, v. Van Quickenborne _______ Note (1) Chamber of people's representatives (www.dekamer.be) Pieces: 55-1929integral report: 10.06.2021.The minister or his representative may, by decision, oblige the persons, listed in the third paragraph, an overview of their stocks of products and personal protective equipment to join the FAGG for the products whose list is determined by him. In this decision, the ministerly intervals establishes in which these overviews must be communicated. The data in the first members of the aimed are suspected of enterprise data that, from the nature of the case, have a confidential character, as referred to in Article 6, § 1, 7 °, of the law of 11 April 1994 relevant publicity of administration. The persons referred to in the first paragraph are: 1 ° the manufacturers wholesalers, referred to in Article 12bis and 12ter of the Medicines Act; 2 ° the hospital pharmacies; 3 ° the open to the public pharmacies; 4 ° the blood institutions recognized in accordance with the law of 5 July 1994 on blood and blood derivatives of human origin; 5 ° the hospitals; 6 ° the banks for human body material referred to in Article 2, 24 ° of 19 December 2008 on the obtaining and use of human body material with the eye of medical application to humans or scientific research; 7 ° the Intermediary structures for human body material, as referred to in Article 2, 25 °, of the Act of 19 December 2008 on the obtaining and use of human body material with the eye on medical application to humans or scientific research. Caparatum 2. -input, Distribution Delivery of non-licensed drugs. 8. The State Cancer Medicines for which no commercial permit was granted as referred to in Article 6 of the Medicines Act, on condition that the medicines are exclusively intended for inclusion in the Strategic Stock, to the extent that the conditions of this chapter have been met. The medicines are only purchased in the case of an imminent or established unavailability and to the extent that the purchase is part of the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie or its consequences. The delegate may only have the non-licensed medicines, in accordance with the provisions of this chapter, distributed or made available, medicines that are necessary to prevent the alleged or found distribution of pathogens, toxins, chemical agents or nuclear radiation, as well as to The consequences of these helping. The State and the Minister can only perform these acts, to the extent that these frame in the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie or its consequences. The purchase and the distribution of non-licensed medicines in accordance with this chapter, is limited to a period by the minister Tebalen term . This period cannot be longer than the expected duration of the unavailability in the first member. 9. The medicines purchased pursuant to Article 8 can be placed on the market and only made available in accordance with the provisions of this chapter.art. 10. § 1. In the event of an unavailability of a medicine for human use, the minister or his delegate decision has been recorded in Belgium, can make an alternative available to patients in deviation from Article 6, §1, first paragraph, of the Drugs Act, provided that at the same time: 1 ° the unprofitable drug, as a replacement for which the alternative is used, is licensed in Belgium either for the prevention, diagnosis or treatment of an illness or disorder, either as a supporting therapy for the treatment of a disease or disorder; 2 2; ° there is no licensed pharmaceutical substitute for the alternative available; 3 ° the patients are treated in a hospital, in the context of a hospital started in the hospital or outpatient treatment of the disease; 4 ° the alternative is intended for patients, from which one can expect that, will take place in the short term without adapted treatment hun or that the RI of the consequences of the absence of treatment will be greater than the risk of the consequences due to the use of the alternative.§ 2. at the request of a pharmacist and after submission of a medical prescription, the Minister or his delegate may be delegated, By decision making an alternative available in a pharmacy that is publicly opened. The pharmacist addresses his request for the government that ensures operational management of the strategic stock. § 3. In the case of provision referred to in §§ 1 and 2, the minister or his representative determines the therapeutic indications of the alternative by decisionHe can subject the posting to one or multiple conditions the following conditions, depending on the specific risk profile of the alternative:-detection will be done by a doctor of a specialty to be determined by the minister, or under the responsibility of such a doctor-the posting is subject to a administration and follow-up protocol to be followed;- The posting is made dependent on the presence of adequate qualified care providers and/or suitable equipment. § 4. De Koningkan determine the procedures and further rules for the application of this article. He subjects the decision to adopt an alternative and the therapeutic indications to a mandatory advice from an advisory body as referred to in Article 1 of the law of 20 July 1990 for promoting the balanced presence of men and women in organs with advisory authority.art.11. The distribution of the alternative to the hospital pharmacy or the pharmacy opened to the public is done in accordance with Article 6.Art. 12. § 1. The alternative can only be delivered by the pharmacist or by the hospital pharmacist insofar as it is prescribed by a doctor. § 2. The alternative delivered by the hospital pharmacist is in the hospital and in a deviation from the first paragraph of this section, the King can determine the conditions for further regulatory rules, including the hospital pharmacist an alternative for use in an outpatient treatment, outside the hospital. Art. 13. § 1. The hospital pharmacist mentioned the delivered alternatives in a special register. The king can set further rules for keeping the special register. § 2. At the request of the government, the hospital pharmacist and the pharmacist will communicate the state of affairs of the delivery of the alternatives to the government within a period of two days after receipt of this request. § 1. Contrary to the provisions laid down by and pursuant to Article 13 of the Medicines Act guarantee, the State is the quality of the alternatives. The wholesaler, referred to in Article6, is responsible for the distribution of the alternative in accordance with the by the minister or his delegates the by the manufacturer communicated instructions. The hospital pharmacist and pharmacist remain responsible for the storage and delivery of the alternative. They keep the alternative conformed by the minister or his representative and the instructions communicated by the manufacturer.§ 2. The doctor who prescribes an alternative within the indications determined under Article10, § 3, cannot be held liable for the damage that flows directly or indirectly From the fact that the medicine is not licensed, if the medicine is distributed, delivered, or is administered in accordance with the provisions of this chapter. The holders of VHB, the holders of a manufacturing permit as referred to in Article 12bis of the Medicines Act or a wholesale permit as referred to in Article 12ter of the Medicines Act, the personal authorized to deliver medicines to the public, and the other health care practitioners that the medicine administer, are not liable for the damage that arises, directly or indirectly, from the fact that the drug is not licensed , if the medicine is distributed, delivered or administered in accordance with the provisions of this chapter. Contributed to the possible liability of third parties, the State is liable towards the patient for all direct or downwich damage that the patient suffers, as a result of the fact that the medicine unimpaired .Art. 15. § 1. The treating physician, the hospital pharmacist and the pharmacist Reports Probably serious side effect or incident, as referred to in Article 1, 11 ° of the Drugs vessels Any unexpected side effect as referred to in Article 2, 17 °, to the Fagg. The treating doctor, the hospital pharmacist and the pharmacist every fourteen days each presumed effect on the Fagg. The reports referred to in the first and second paragraph are based on the form for the report of side effects. . The treating doctor, the hospital pharmacist and the pharmacist report each suspicion of counterfeits each suspicion of a lack of quality of the medicine (s) referred to in Article 10, §§ 1 and 2 within twenty -four hours after its adoption of it Fagg.averenenenplaatsst the hospital pharmacist, or the pharmacist, the medicine or medicines in quarantine and this pending instruct from the minister or his representative. In quarantine placed products, physically must be placed in a separate, enclosed spaceEach system that replaces physical quarantaine must offer equivalent security. After receiving the report referred to in the first paragraph, the minister or his representative gives instructions as soon as possible, after advice from the FAGG about the presumable risk of public health of the medicine concerned The hospital pharmacists and pharmacists.titel IV. -Temporary measures containing the insurance of the traceability of medicines in the context of the prophylax campaigns during the COVID-19-PandemieArt.16. § 1. In the context of the prophylax campaigns during the COVID-19 Pandemie, operator medicines can keep in view of the delivery to hospital pharmacies, pharmacies, pharmaceutical experts or doctors, authorized in accordance with Article 27, 6 °. In that case, the operators must be responsible for the correct preservation of the medicine, in accordance with the good distribution practices, determined under article 12ter, § 1, fourteenth paragraph, of the Medicines Act. Contributed to the provisions of Article 6, § 2., 8 ° of the Wug and its implementing decisions, contrary to Article12bis of the Medicines Act, pharmacists, in a pharmacy, hospital pharmacists in a hospital pharmacy, or pharmaceutical experts, can also do fractionation or medication preparation outside of a pharmacy, even outside of a pharmacy, when these actions are performed solely in their capacity as operating stormetet In view of the detention of medicines in the context of the prophylax campaigns during Decovid-19-Pandemie. The pharmaceutical experts referred to in the second paragraph, moreover, also a pharmacy beyond, insofar as they are related to the Prophylaxecampnet times the COVID -19 Pandemie: 1 ° All he performs stated stated in Article 5/1 of Dewug, including the delivery of the medicines referred to in the second paragraph; 2 ° provide the needy pharmaceutical care. § 2. Operators referred to in § 1, Primary member and second paragraph, use the traceability requirements, as determined in the good manufacturing practices, determined by the King under Article 12bis, § 1, paragraph 5 of the Medicines Act or Via Vertreen de Goede Distribution Practices, determined by the Article 12ter, § 1, fourteenth paragraph, of the Medicines Act. § 3. The King may determine the Further Rules and Conditions for Waaraande Operators referred to in § 1, first paragraph and second paragraph, must meet the execution of Hun Tasks. Title V. - Temporary measures to protect the regular supply of the health care system during the COVID -19 Pandemic chapter 1. -General provisions art.17. § 1. The measures taken on the basis of this title are opposable or binding: 1 ° in the case of an individual administrative legal act: after notification to the person, the measures are imposed; 2 ° in the case of a regulatory administrative legal act: after Publication on the website of the Fagg.on redembled the previous paragraph, the regulatory duties are immediately announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. § 2. Without prejudice to other persons determination, the measures lived in this title can only be determined if the following conditions have been met: 1 ° The measures are necessary, suitable and proportional to the fight against the causes and the consequences of the COVID-13 Pandemie; 2; ° the Measures Komentegoet on the needs of public health and aim to ensure the distribution of and access to the products for the patient. § 3. The minister or his delegate the measures referred to in this title Suspend or cancel, as well as certain persons withdrawn from the application of the measures, if: 1 ° the measures no longer comply with the conditions set in this title; 2 ° the persons do not comply with the provisions of this title; 3 ° The persons do not comply with the conditions and further rules that are associated with the measures. Caparatum 2.-Exceptional powers of the FAGG during the COVID-19 Pandemy art. 18. § 1. During the COVID-19 Pandemie, the FAGG has to ensure the regular supply of the health care system as command. In particular, theFAGG can be charged with the operational management of the strategic stocks of products based on article 5, second paragraph. § 2. The King can determine the minimum organizational measurement of § 1 as well as the way in which supervision is carried out on these activities. The FAGG implements the organizational measures in order to guarantee the independence of the inspectors of the agency with regard to the activities referred to in § 1 .§ 3. The FAGG is authorized to propose regulations to the minister that ensure the follow -up, application and control of this title.art. 19. § 1The Minister Kanhet FAGG taxes with the prior market research and the preparation of the award in the Frame Van The Acquisition of Products by the State in the context of the COVID-19 Pandemie. §2. The King can determine the minimum organizational measures for the implementation of § 1 The way in which supervision is carried out on these activities. The FAGG implements the organizational measures in order to ensure the independence of the inspectors of the Agency for the activities. . - Derogations for aids department 1. - Outsourcing of "in House" aid art. 20. In the context of the manufacture of aids in house, a hospital or a locoregional clinical hospital network, the design, the manufacture, the packaging or the labeling can be outsourced, if the following conditions are met: 1 ° on the market there are no other aids that are protected Instead of the aids thus manufactured, it can be used within the time that is necessary for the treatment of patients or the protection of staff; 2 ° The tasks and responsibilities are laid down in a contract between the hospital and the external service provider; 3 ° the external service provider Set up a traceability system; 4 ° for aids that must be sterilized before use, the external service provider takes into account the sterilization method in the hospitals are used for the selection of the material used and for the design of the tool.art. 21. § 1. Hospitals, or the Locoregional Clinical Hospital Networks, which appeal to a third company in accordance with Article 20, report this in the statement referred to in Article 5 (5) (e) of Regulation (EU) No 2017 /745.doed companies that are involved in the manufacture of aids in accordance with Article 20 report this ADJUST FAGG via the form that is available on the website. § 2. In the framework of the notification referred to in § 1, 2nd paragraph, the third company informs the FAGG about the norms of its quality system, its risk management system and for the implementation of systems for the control of the biocompatibility of materials. § 3. The King can determine the conditions and further rules for the notification referred to in this article.art. 22. The FAGG publishes the notifications referred to in Article 21 on its website. The Koning can determine the conditions and further rules for the announcement referred to in the first paragraph.Art. 23. The minister or the representative may suspend or prohibit the outsourcing on the basis of article 20 if the provisions of this chapter or the need for outsourcing in the event of the COVID-19 Pandemie does not outweigh the risky of outsourcing The Koning can determine the conditions and further rules for the application of the first paragraph.Art. 24. The manufacture in accordance with Article 20 of implantable medical aids and radiation equipment is prohibited. Department 2. - Alternative test protocol.25. Without prejudice to Article 59 of Regulation 2017/745 of 5 April 2017 on medical devices Article 54 of Regulation 2017/746 of 5 April 2017 on medical devices for in-vitrodiagnostics, the King can determine the further rules, including non-compliant tools, the market either as a medical device or for a non-medical purpose. He can limit it to the use of these non-conforming tools by hospitals or health care practitioners. If the minister is admitted to a non-medical purposes on the basis of the first paragraph, the minister determines the conditions for the re-packaging and re-packaging in order to be confused with to prevent medical devices. The FAGG publishes the Further Regulations in the first paragraph on its website. The Koning can apply the application of this article to Further Regulations and Conditions. Chapter 4. - Deviations on and limitation vand distribution or delivery of ProductArt. 26. § 1. The export of medicines, as referred to in Article 2, 5 °, and the export of raw materials can be subject to a prior declaration if each of the following conditions are met: 1 ° This is an essential or criticism of medicine or critical or essential raw material; 2 ° There is a likely or certain unavailability of the medicine or raw material; 3 ° The under 2 ° the availability cannot be collected or insufficiently collected by means of other available product in a therapeutically fully -fledged substitute for the product for which one likely or a short deficit existsA "criticism" medicine or critical raw material as referred to in the paragraph, 1 °, is understood to mean a medicine or raw material that on each of the following conditions: 1 ° the medicine or the preparation made based on the raw material is an integral part of the investigation, prevention, diagnostics of COVID-19 or of the treatment of patient with COVID-19 and is necessary to guarantee the continuity of care whether the drug or the preparation manufactured on the basis of the raw material is an integral part of treatment, prevention or Diagnosis of another disease or condition, whereby the availability of the products is compromised the continuity of care because of the COVID-19 Pandemie; 2 ° there are therapeutically equal medicines or raw materials available. This is particularly the case: a. the medicine or raw material is only produced in one location; there are no other (interchangeable) doses or strengths available; c. no generic variants are available; d. There are no medicines or raw materials that can be an equivalent substitute for treatment. Singal medicines or raw materials intended for the Belgian market can be targeted by the measure provided for in this article. §2. The minister or his representative takes the decision to subject the medicine or raw material a prior notice referred to in § 1. If the minister or his delegate application makes the first paragraph, each manufacturer or wholesaler reports as referred to in Articles12bis and 12ter of the Medicines Act his intention to export the medicine or the raw material on the Fagg. The notification includes at least: 1 ° the name of the medicine or raw material; 2 ° If it concerns a medicine, the VHB number or the VHB numbers including the drug to be exported, or the CNK number or the CNK numbers 3 ° the number of packaging to be exported, per VHB or CNK number or per raw material; 4 ° the remaining stock, per VHB or CNK number or per raw material, after the genotified export. If the notification is the in the second member intention contains data, the minister decides whether his representative immediately prohibit the export. The minister or his representative can request additional information from the second paragraph, which he considers necessary for a motivated decision. In the event of an inner case, the period referred to in the fifth paragraph is suspended until the application was completed. The suspension starts on the day after the knowledge of the notification obligatory in the second paragraph The question of additional information. The export of the product is prohibited to up to The moment the minister or his representative makes a decision regarding the notification referred to in the second member. If the decision in which the export referred to in accordance with the second paragraph is not brought to the applicant for the day after the notification referred to in the second paragraph, the export is admitted to the applicant. § 3. Without prejudice to the Treaty Provisions on the ground of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, the Minister will meet the circumstances with the circumstances of application of § 1, within a reasonable period of time, in order not to unnecessarily prevent planners. In urgent cases motivated by the circumstance that additional measure of immediate measure caused the mortality or the unbearable suffering caused by COVID-19Dtt, the measure can be taken without a period. Article17, § 1, 2 °. The decision referred to in § 1 is limited to the period determined by the minister. This period cannot be longer than the expected duration of the unavailability referred to in § 1., first paragraph, 2 °. § 4. The King can determine the conditions and denaderere rules for the application of this article. The king can further determine what should be meant by a criticism or essential medicine. The king can determine the list of critical or essential products. The King can determine a procedure for an organized administrative appeal.Art. 27. The minister or his representative can be made by decision: 1 ° the delivery of a medicine, including magistral or official preparations, or temporarily limit a tool. In particular, he can limit the delivery on the basis of: A.E a maximum amount per patient; b. A risk group based on the risk profile of the patients. It can phase this measure over time in function of the risk groups referred to under the first paragraph, b2 ° the supply of a medicine, tool or raw material Opapotheken temporarily limit to a fixed amount per pharmacy; 3 ° the delivery of a medicine, including magistral or official preparations, temporarily reserved and hospital pharmacies; 4 ° the redistribution of the stock of a medicine or recommend raw material, either by means of an indirect redistribution to the wholesaler, or by means of a direct redistribution under pharmacies; 5 ° the hospital pharmacies powerful to redistribute medicines directly under the stated hospital pharmacies and the pharmacies for publicly -opened, and the conditions for this and modalities determine; 6 ° the delivery of the COVID-19 vaccines by doctors, allowing and arranging, and the delivery of the COVID-19 vaccines admit the hospital pharmacy or pharmacy open to the public; 7 ° orders that the stock of medicines at wholesalers only K be sold or delivered according to the instructions of the Fagg. For with regard to the COVID-19 vaccines, the vaccine may be delivered to the Burgerdie for the vaccination by the state or the federated entities, also in the event of a failure medical prescription, as referred to in Article 1, 22) of the Medicines Act. This leaves the responsibility of the doctor who administers the vaccine or under whose responsibility it is not affected, the decision referred to under the first paragraph, 6 °, is struck retroactively, until the date of entry into force of this article. 28. § 1. If persons are authorized on the basis of Article27, 6 °, to perform actions specifically to doctors or if there is a person orientation to deliver medicines outside pharmacies on the basis of Article 27, 6 °, become persons who This authorization received with persons authorized to deliver medicines to the public, as referred to in Article 3, § 2, of the Medicines Act.§ 2. The wholesaler referred to in Article 12ter of the Medicines Act, can deliver medicines to the referred to in the first paragraph persons. Contrary to Article 12ter, §1, sixth paragraph of the Medicines Act, the wholesaler referred to in the first paragraph also includes the manufacturer intended in Article 12bis of the Medicines Act. § 3. The wholesaler referred to in§ 2, checks the safety characteristics on the packaging of the medicine and deactiving the unique identification feature, referred to in Article 3 (2)) of the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/161 of 2 October 2015 supplementing guideline 2001/83/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council by adopting detailed rules for safety characteristics on the packaging of medicines for human use, for the delivery of the drug to the persons referred to in§ 1, in accordance with Article 23 , a) of the same delegated regulation. The persons referred to the first paragraph, for the application of this title, are equated with a pre -open pharmacy. Title VI. -Temporary measures with regard to the indemnification of the continuity of the hospital services against the impact of the COVID-19-Pandema chapter1. - Scope of application. 29. This title aims to ensure the financial indemnity of the hospital service ending. 30. § 1. The King can release an amount for an intervention of the hospitals as referred to in Article 2 of the Hospital Act, to partially take care of the impact of Decovid-19 epidemic, via a redistribution between or within the partial-annual Objectives, such as provided for in the GVU Act, and/or via an exogenous financing.§ 2. The King can set an amount for a central government on an annual basis that will be part of the insurance income, as referred to in Article 191 of the GVU Act. Art. 31. The provisional distribution of the amount for this intervention referred to in Article 30, § 1, is carried out by the deposit of an advance that is calculated on the basis of the part of each hospital in proportion to the total RIZIV expenditure of the hospitals for the whole of the Regular hospital activity As is apparent from the RIZIV Documents P, supplemented by the variable part of its budget of financial resources, the fixed day hospitals as well as the Medicinesfaits for the full year 2019.ART.32. The advance amounts per hospital that were calculated under the provisions of Article 31 are deposited by RIZIV on the bank account of each hospital concerned and this as soon as possible after the declaration of the Decree in the Belgian Official Gazette. The hospitals are communicated to the RIZIV by the FPS Public HealthCHAPTER 3. - settlement advances with an exceptionally federal financial allowance art.33. The advance amounts referred to in Article 31 are settled with the coverage of costs for the service provision of an epidemic, as referred to in Article 101 of the Hospital Act. If the payable parenting amount to a hospital turns out to be higher than the costs for services during the epidemic die are calculated in application of the above mentioned Article, the balance will be deducted from the budget of financial resources of the hospital, as referred to in Article 95 of the Hospital Act. King can determine the further rules regarding the way in which the balance is deducted, insofar as necessary in the framework of the financial indemnification of the continuity of the hospital services, a possible spread over time over multiple budgets of financial means. To allow the payment of the allowance to be faster in accordance with Article 101 of the Hospital Act, this payment or part there can be there From, in deviation from the normal payment mechanism of the budget of financial resources of the hospitals, the hospitals are done directly. The king can determine further modalities regarding the payment of the allowance and the settlement of the advance amounts.titel VII. - Temporary measures with the test strategy and test financing chapter 1. - Regulation of the Prices of the Testestart. 34. In the context of the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie, King can establish the maximum prices of medical devices for in vitro diagnostics for the implementation of tests with a view to detecting at least the SARS-COV-2 virus or with the Eye on detecting antigens of or antibodies against the aforementioned virus. Chapter 2. - Conditions for the version of the Testestart. 35. § 1. The King can prescribe the conditions and the rules under which the tests referred to in § 2 can be prescribed and the decreases of steel with the implementation of those tests can be done, as well as the grabbing over which the people have to have any of each of to perform those actions. § 2. The King can determine the conditions and the rules, including testing by means of medical devices for in-vitrodiagnostics with a view to detecting at least the SARS-COV-2 virus or with a view to detecting antigens of or antibodies against it The aforementioned virus can be performed. The Kingkan determines the skill that the person must have that is authorized to execute and interpret the tests. The King can provide prohibitions in the importance of public health. In particular, it can refer to the guidelines From the Risk Management Group that are announced, the website of Sciensano. Chapter 3. - Notification of the test results to Sciensanoart.36. The results of the tests performed by means of medical devices for in-vitro diagnostics with the eye on detecting at least the SARS-COV-2 virus or with a view to detecting antigens of or antibodies against the aforementioned virus should be communicated to Sciensano . This announcement according to the guidelines that are published on the website of Sciensano in accordance with the decisions of the Collaboration Agreement of 25 August 2020 between the Federal State, the Flemish Community, the Walloon Region, the German -language Community and the Community Commission, concerned joint data processing by Sciensano and the De Contact centers, health inspections and mobile teams designated by the competent federated entities or from the competent agencies, a contact study of persons who (probably) are (probably) infected with the COVID-19 Coronavirus is contaminated by a database at Sciensano, rated by Act of 9 October 2020. The reporting NaSciensano comprises at least the identification and contact details of the patient, the type of testing test, the date of the steel collection, the test result and the reporting doctor or specialist for clinical biology. The king can determine the further regulations for this announcement. Chapter4. - Financing the test art. 37. § 1. The King sets the reimbursement in the framework of the compulsory insurance for medical care, established by DEGVU law, fixed tests carried out by means of medical devices for in-vitro diagnostics with the eye on the detection of at least The SARS-COV-2 virus or with a view to detecting antigens of or antibodies against the aforementioned virus. The king lists the benefits, determines it, where appropriate, and in particular determines the conditions and application rules serviceIn particular, he can refer to the guidelines of the Risk Management Group that are made on the Sciensano website. § 2. The King can provide for a personal share, either for all beneficiaries or for categories of entitled parties, in the cost price of benefits. § 3. No supplements may be charged. §4. The king can broaden the reimbursement of the tests to persons who are not entitled people of the compulsory insurance for medical care. In that case, the king can be the compensation rules with regard to the other regulations. The §§ 2 and 3 apply in that case.art.38. If costs associated with the tests are not reimbursed by the mandatory insurance for medical delivery, they can be charged to those who demand them with the exception of the costs of test material that is made available free of charge by the public authorities.art. 39. The costs associated with the tests that are demanded by the employers, private institutions or preventive purposes for the public authorities are not reimbursed by the insurance for medical care. The king can determine which indications are reimbursed. Nor are the costs reimbursed of test material that is made available free of charge by the public authorities.art. 40. The Committee of the Insurance for Medical Care can conclude agreements with centers taxed with assignments regarding the quality-keeping processes, validation of test material and scientific research and development of protocols for new methods and techniques in the investigation of Hetars-COV-2 virus. Chapter 5 - subcontracting of Testestart. 41. The King can lay down specific conditions and rules if for tests carried out by means of medical aids for in-vitro diagnostics with a view to detecting the SARS-COV-2 virus or with the eye on detecting antigens of or antibodies against The aforementioned virus is called upon a subcontractor. In particular, he can determine the conditions and rules to which the invoications must answer the report of those benefits. Title VIII. -Temporary measures with regard to the indictment of care in the context of the fight against the COVID-19-PandemieArt.42. Contrary to the powers adopted by the GVU Act, in the context of the regulation of compulsory insurance for medical care for medical care, the King may create temporary benefits and provide temporary interim contents to enable care for care in the context of the battle against COVID- 19-Pandemie. The Koning can broaden the reimbursement or the interventions until the person die is not entitled to the compulsory insurance for medical care. The King Kanin that case that case determines the compensation rules between the various regulations. Prohibit the king of opportunity supplements for benefits related to medical devices for in-vitrodiagnostics referred to in Article 34.Art. 43. The Committee of the Medical Provision Insurance can conclude agreements that aim to provide an intervention for care granted the framework of the fight against the COVID-19-Pandemie.titel IX. - Temporary measurement with fast Antigeentestart. 44. The King may, supplement the provisions of Articles 4 to 10 of the Law of 22 December 2020 containing various measures related to fast antigeentions the registration and processing of data on vaccinations in the context of the fight against COVID-19 Pandemie, supplement , change or replace it to bring these into line with the provisions established to implement Title VII.titel X.-Temporary measures with regard to drug monitoring of COVID-19-vaccinesArt. 45. When reporting a side effect of a vaccine against COVID-19, the data from the Vaccinet+ System that the FAGG needs for its drug monitoring system are included in the notification form. It is determined about data regarding the patient, the vaccine, vaccination and the vaccine. These data boasts in a cooperation agreement with the competent communities and regions are specified. The personal data referred to in the first paragraph is incorporated into a pseudonymized form in a Federaldatabank, the FAGG of which is the controller of the controllerThe processing of the personal data referred to in the Primary Member is the finality of the elaboration of a drug monitoring system of the vaccines against COVID-19, in accordance with Article 12sexies of the Law of 25 March 1964, the Detailed Guidelines made by the European Commission in the "module VI collection, management and submission of reports of suspected side effects of medicines (GVP) ", such as Zevoor coming in the last available version, and as referred to in Article 4, paragraph 1, 3rd paragraph, 3 ° of the Act of 20 July 2006 on The establishment and operation of the Federal Agency for Medicines Health Products. With the view to the evaluation of the risks associated with the long-term effects of the vaccines against COVID-19 the permit for the marketing of the vaccine keep otherwise European or legal provisions. Title XI. - Inspection powersart.46. The persons referred to in Articles 47 and 48 can claim the assistance of the police services, in accordance with article 44 of the law of 5 August 1992 on the police officer. 47. § 1. Without prejudice to powers of the judicial police officers, the King's Persons designated for this purpose practiced or, in the absence of contractual staff by means of a contract of an indefinite duration, of the FAGG, supervising the application of the titles IIien V by conducting inspections, if necessary unannounced. § 2. Without prejudice to the powers of the judicial police officers, the statutory or contractual staff intended in § 1 may, with proper identification certificates, make the powers of their order use, as referred to in Article 14, §§ 2 and 3, of The Medicines Act.art.48. Without prejudice to the officers of the judicial police officers, the statutory and contractual inspectors and inspectors of the Inspection of the Directorate-General for Animal, Plant and Nutrition of the FPS Public Health are charged with the supervision of compliance with the provisions of them submitted to the Council of Ministers Minister of the Interior Decree, taken under the Act of 15 May 2007 on Civil Security or under the Act of 31 December 1963 on Civil Protection. To exercise, as referred to in the first paragraph, the inspectors and inspectors on the powers of the food and other products in Articles 11 and 11bis of the Act of 24 January 1977 on the protection of the health of the users on the piece of foods and other products. paragraph 1 stated ministerial decision and for which the Inspectorate of the Directorate-General Animal, Plant and Nutrition of the FODVolks Health is competent, is punished with a prison sentence of eight days to three months and a fine of twenty-six euros to five hundred euros, or with one of those punishments alone . Wiezich opposes the checks of the inspectors and inspectors referred to in the first paragraph, is punished with a prison sentence of fifteen days to three months and with a fine of one hundred euros to totd thousand euros or with one of these penalties only. The report of violation of violation prepared by the inspectors and inspectors referred to in the first paragraph, the leading official of the FPS Public Health is transferred who, in accordance with Article 19 of the Act of 24Januari 1977 on the protection of users' health on the part of the foods and other products, A sum of money can determine whose voluntary payment by the offender of the violation, the public claim is expired. If the payment is refused, the file will be sent to the Attorney's King. The sum of money will be deposited in the Budget Fund for the rawoffen De Products.art. 49. The provisions regarding control and disputes provided for by or force VII of the GVU Act applies to Articles 35 to 43 of this Act.Art.50. The federal health inspectors of the FPS Public Health exercise supervision on the application of the provisions of Article 35 of this law. With the eye to this supervision, they have access to the places where these tests are taken at all times. They may be given all information for the intended supervision and all documents or electronic carriers hand over themselves that they require for the exercise of their audit assignment. 51For the implementation of Articles 37 to 43, the procedures are set by or pursuant to the GVU Act, but may take place in writing or remotely. The advice can be sought within a shorter period than the legal or regulatory period or can the period Measures are taken without the statutory or regulatory proposals or advice being obtained in advance. The minister competent for Social Saken motivates this necessity. Title XIII. -Exception to price falls for COVID-19-Zermansart.52. The price decreases in the context of the application of Article 35ter of the GVU Act or of Article 69 of the Act of 27 April 2005 on the control of the Budget of Health Care and holding Diverse Health Provisions do not apply to the medicines that are on the moment of the entry into force of the price fall in the object of a decision by the minister or his representative, taken on the basis of the Royal Decree of 24 March 2020 containing special measures to combat medicines in the context of the SARS-COV-2 Pandemie, on based on the Royal Decree of 8 April 2021 containing special measures to combat medicines in the context of the SARS-COV-2 pandemic or on the basis of Article 27. If from an appendix to the decision referred to in the first paragraph becomes a medicine deleted, the fall in the price, referred to in the first paragraph, are applied by operation of law by date of the next application of Article 35ter of the GVU Act or of Article 69 of the Act of 27 April 2005 concerning the control of the Budget of Healthcare and containing various health provisions. , the deferred price decreases, referred to in the first paragraph, are legally applied on the date of the next application of Article 35ter of the GVU Act or of Article 69 of the Act of 27 April 2005 on the control of the Healthcare Budget and various provisions on health. TitelXIV. - Penalty provisions. 53. Without prejudice to the penalties set out in the Criminal Code, the violation of the titles III and V or their implementing decisions, or the measures taken on the basis of these titles, is punished with a prison sentence of one month to one year and with a fine of 200E to 15,000 EUR or with one of these penalties only.art. 54. Without prejudice to the penalties, refusing visits, inspections, investigations, inspections, interruptions, sampling, collection of evidence or other contractual staff members, as referred to in Article 47, as referred to in Article 47, As well as he resists that self -employed, punished with a prison sentence of one month to one year and with a fine of EUR EUR EUR EUR EUR EUR 15,000 or with one of these penalties only.art. 55. Article 17 of the Medicines Act applies mutatis mutandis to title V.Art. 56. In the event of repetition within a period of a year after a conviction, for violation of the titles III and V and their implementing decisions, the punishment can be doubled. Title XV. - Change and cancellation provisionsart.57. Article 34 of the GVU Act, is supplemented by a member, reading: "If the medical provisions are carried out by means of information and communication technologies, the insurance for medical care is only intervened if this is explicitly provided for the reimbursement conditions. The Koning determines the definitions and application conditions that these benefits must meet. "Art.58. In Article 9 of the Royal Decree No 20 of 13 May 2020 on temporary measures in the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie and to ensure the continuity of care in the mandatory insurance for medical care, confirmed by the law of 24 December 2020, The following changes are made: 1 ° in paragraph 2 are replaced in the description of the provision 101916th words "with a view to resisting the psychotherapeutic treatment that had been started for the government measures" with the words "with a view to continuing a psychotherapeutic treatment "; 2 ° Section 2 is supplemented with a member, reading:" By continuing a psychotherapeutic treatment "is understood to apply this decision, every psychotherapeutic treatment for which three sessions referred to in Article 2, d or e, of the nomenclature performed edit 4 May 2020. "3 ° in paragraph 4, last paragraph, the words" to d are The course was before March 14, 2020 "replaced by the words" was going on before November 2, 2020. "Art. 59In article 46 of the same decision, amended by the Royal Decree of 20 July 2020 and confirmed by the law of 24 December 2020, § 2 is replaced as follows: "§ 2. The allowance intended in paragraph 1, 2 ° is at the earliest from March 23 2020 or from the start date of the triage and decrease center, if it falls later. The allowances referred to in paragraph 1, 3 °, 4 ° and 5 ° are owed at the earliest from the start date of the triage and drop center. With regard to reference to section 1, 2 °, 3 ° and 4 °, this paragraph applies until July 26, 2020. "Art.60. In Article 1 of the Royal Decree no. 29 of 5 June 2020 implementing Article 5, §1, 2 ° of the Law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the King to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the coronavirus COVID-19 (II) With a view to assimilation of unforeseen stroke periods of doctors in training, confirmed by the law of December 24, 2020, the words "December 31, 2020" are replaced by the words "October 1, 2021" .Art. 61. Article 35ter, §1bis of the GVU Act, inserted by the Program Act of 20 December 2020, is supplemented with two paragraphs, reading: "The reductions that the king sets under the first and second paragraphs do not apply to the Pharmaceutical specialties with the ATC5 code J05AR and more than one working component: 1 ° which the applicant has shown to apply to the price and the reimbursement base (level outdoor company), calculated per unit, per form and per strength of the combination of active components, applicable At the time of the notification referred to in Article 77, § 1, second paragraph of the Kon -Bonal Decree of 1 February 2018 establishing the procedures, periods and conditions for compensation for the compulsory insurance for medical care and benefits in the costs of pharmaceutical specialties, Being lower or equal to the lowest outside company Price for the same pharmaceutical specialty, applicable at the moment V the aforementioned notification, calculated unit, per form and per strength of the combination of active ingredients within the whole of the European countries stated in Article 72bis, § 1, 8 ° of this Act; 2 ° that still comply with the aforementioned notification the description referred to in Article 34, first paragraph, 5 °, b). If due to the reduction determined by the king, the outdoor company calculated per unit, per form and per strength of the combination of active components of pharmaceutical specialties with more than One working ingredient that still answers the description referred to in Article 34, first paragraph, 5 °, b) at the time of the aforementioned notification is lower than the low -out company price of the whole of the prices stated in the previous paragraph, is the reduction Border this lowest price. "Art. 62. In section 19 of the Royal Decree No 21 of 14 May2020 containing temporary adjustments to the compensation conditions and administrative rules in the compulsory insurance for medical care as a result of the COVID-19 Pandemie, an Article 26/1n. . 26/1. Fully completed and signed referral instructions that were delivered by means of an optical or photographic technique and by e -mail or another electronic way to the patient, are a legally valid land for reimbursement by the mandatory insurance for medical care of the prescribed treatment . The patient must provide his information permission for the forwarding of this information electronically. The care provider carries out prescribed care prescribed, stores a copy or print thereof in the patient's file. Thisor provider is not obliged to do the original paper versions after the period of special measuring Delivery to the insurance institutions. This provision refers to referral regulations signed on 1 March 2020. "Art. 63. In Article 4 the law of 25 February 2018 establishing Sciensano, a paragraph 4/1 is inserted, reading:" § 4/1. Sciensano has the framework of the command of public health crises as an assignment to coordinate and implement the scientific aspect that is associated with this, to monitor the risks and to evaluating this specific analyzes of the data, advice and recommendations to the dismissal health authorities of the to organize land, and communication for the benefit of governments, the care providers and the public. "Art. 64. In Article 101 of the Hospital Act, a member is inserted between the first and second paragraphs:" The King determines, together in the Council of Ministers CONSULTED Decree, the costs of the services that are eligible for one -cost coverage when applying the first paragraph. "Title XVI- Inn- and outdoor effects. 65. § 1. This law comes into effect on the day following its announcement in the Belgian State Leaf. § 2. Contrary to paragraph 1, 1 ° Title IV of this Act comes into effect on 1 December 2020; 2 ° Title V of this Act on April 1, 2021, Based on 5, first paragraph, 6 °, second and third party paragraph and Article 28, which enter into force on 1 December2020; 3 ° Article 34 to 39, Article 41, Article 43 and Title XII in operation on 1 February 2021; 4 ° Article 40 in operation on 1 March 2020; 5 ° Article 42 in operation on 1 January 2020; 6 ° Article 58 in operation on 4 May 2020; 7 ° Article 59 in operation on 1 March 2020; 8 ° Article 52 and Article 61 entering into force on 1 April 2021. § 3. Titles VI, VII, VIIien IX of this Act will take place out of effect on 31 December 2025. § 4. With the exception of the application of Article 66, Article 8 and the titles IV, V and X will dispose of at the time the federal phase of the National Emergency Plan, Activated in the context of the COVID-19 Pandemie, terminated. 66. Until December 31, 2025, the King may declare a provisions of Article 8 and of the Titles IV, V and X in full or partially applicable to a disease other than those referred to in this Act, provided that: 1 ° the disease by an inter-or supranational institution is recognized as pandemic used by the World Health Organization on the basis of the criteria; 2 ° the disease is up to date or potentially on the national territory on the basis of which measures are established at national level. If a provision is limited If the COVID-19 Pandemie or Illness is declared applicable on the basis of the first paragraph, then the application of this provision is limited to the illness referred to in the first paragraph. Lands' seal will be covered and will be made by the Belgian Official Gazette. Given in Bussel, 13 June 2021.Filipvan Koningsweight: Deminister of Health, f. Vandenbrouckemet 's Lands seal sealed: Deminister of Justice, v. Van Quickenborne _______ Note (1) Chamber of people's representatives (www.dekamer.be) Pieces: 55-1929integral report: 10.06.2021.