Publication: 2021-10-15Numac: 2021204761federal Public Service Chancellery of the Prime Minister 8 October 2021.-Royal Decree extending the assignment of the COVID-19 Commissioner and COVID-ADJUNCT Commissioner Filip, King of the Belgians, to all those now are and here, our regulatory, Article 37; Having regard to the Royal Decree of 9 October 2020 appointing the COVID-19 Commissioner and COVID-19 ADJUNCT commissioners determining their assignment, Article 1, fourth paragraph; On the nomination of the Prime Minister, the Minister of Health and the Minister of the Interior, we have decided and decisions: Article 1. The assignment of the COVID-19 Commissioner is extended by a period of six months. The assignment From the COVID-19 Adjunct Commissioner is extended by a Periodevan Six months.Art. 2. Article 2 of the Royal Decree of 9 October 2020 Appointment of the COVID-19 Commissioner and COVID-19 Adjunct Commissioner and to determine their assignment, is supplemented with the provisions under 9 °, 10 ° and 11 °, read : "9 ° prepare and supervise the possible benefit of the federal phase of crisis management, in collaboration with the National Crisis Centrums, the federal states, with special attention to the epidemiological evolution and the vaccination campaign; 10 ° Organize the transfer of the assignments to the existing Formulating structures and administrations; 11 °, in collaboration with the National Crisis Center and the Federal States, from proposals for improvement of crisis management. ". Art. 3. This Decree comes into effect on October 9, 2021.Art.4. The prime minister, the minister competent for public health and the minister is competent for interior cases, each with regard to him, charged with the implementation of this decision. Given in Brussels, 8 October 2021.filip of Koningsweight: the Prime Minister, a. Decroode Minister of Health, f. Vandenbrouckede Minister of Interior cases, a. RelievePublication: 2021-12-01Numac: 202120557575waalse Government Service18 November 2021.-Decree of the Walloon Government amending the decision of the Walloon Government of 16 November 2000 implementing the Decree of 6 May 1999 on the establishment, the collection and disputes on Walloon regional taxation Walloon Government, entitled to the decree of 6 May 1999 on the establishment, the collection and the disputes regarding the director tax, in particular on Articles 2, 6, 10 to 16, 17bis, 18, 18bis, 19, 20bis, 20Quater, 25, 26, 27, 31, 57BIS, 63, § 2, 1 °, and 64; Having regard to the decision of the Waalssekery of 16 November 2000 implementing the Decree of 6 May 1999 on the establishment, the collection and The Disputes regarding the Walloon regional taxes, as amended decision of the Walloon Government of 3 June 2021 amending the decision of the Walloon Government of 19 July2018 on the organic personnel formation of D e Walloon government service; in view of the report of 14 June 2021, drawn up in accordance with Article 3, 2 °, of the Decree of 11 April 2014 holding the resolutions of the Women's Conference of the United Nations that took place in September 1995 in Beijing and to integrate the gender dimension in all of the regional leadership lines; in view of the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on 18 June 2021; in view of the approval of the Minister of Budget, given on July 14, 2021; in view of advice No.70.258/4 of the Council van State, given on 28 October 2021, in accordance with Article 84, § 1, first -line, 2 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973; Considering that differences must be updated, including to result in the new structure of the Walloon public service; n in the interest of the person liable for the fact that, among other things, to follow the resumption of the property tax service; mostly seals that various provisions must be adjusted to arrive at a text that is more understandable for the taxpayer; on the nomination of the Minister of Finance; Na Verrazring, Decree: Article 1. In Article 1 of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 16 November 2000 implementing the Decree of 6 May 1999 on the establishment, the recovery of the Disputes regarding the Walloon regional taxes is point 3 ° replaced as follows: "3 ° recipient: the official of the Walloon government service finance responsible for the collection of tax claims in favor of the Walloon Region, or the official who performs this function." 2. Article 2 of the same decision, last amended by the Decree of the Walloon Government of 13 July 2017, will be canceled.art. 3. Article 3 of the same decision, last amended by the Walloon Government Decree of 18 July 2019, is being replaced by what follows: "Art.3. The officials referred to in Article 2 of the Decree charged with the reception and the check of the declarations are: 1 ° for the application of the traffic tax, the input tax, the tax on the Games and bets, the tax on automatic relaxation devices, Debelasting on the vending machines, the tax on the opening of liquor stores of fermented beverages, the officials of the Department of location and Checking the Walloon government service Finance; for the application of the taxes on waste and taxes and fees regarding the financing of the water policy, the civil servants of the soil and waste department of the Walloon government service agriculture, natural resources and environment. ". Art. 4. In Chapter II of the same decision, Article 3bis is inserted as follows: "Art. 3bis. In the case of declarations of taxes on the waste, the service referred to in Article 3 charged with the reception of the declarations confirms , the receipt of the declaration within ten working days of receipt of the declaration. " Art. 5. In Article 4, paragraph 1 of the same decree, most recently amended by the decision of the Walloon Government of 15 March 2012, the word "Walloon" will always be canceled. 6. Article 5 of the same decision, last amended by the Decree of the Walloon Government of 18 July 2019, will be replaced by what follows: "Art. 5The service in Article 6 of the decree -intended service charged with the delivery of the declaration form consists of: 1 ° for the application of the property tax, the traffic tax, the entry tax, the tax on the Games and bets, the tax on automatic relaxation appliances , Debelasting on the vending machines, the tax on the opening of liquor stores of fermented beverages, the Department location and control of the Walloon Public Service Finance; 2 ° for the application of Debelastingen to the waste and taxes and fees regarding the financing of water policy, the Department of Soil and Waste of the Walloon Public Service Agriculture, Natural Resources Environment. ". Art. 7. Article 5bis of the same decision, inserted by the Decree of the Walloon Government of 6 December 2007, will be canceled. , last amended by the decision of the Walloon Government of 18 July 2019, will be replaced Angen by what follows: "Art. 6. The service referred to in Articles 10 to 16 of the Decree consists of: 1 ° for the application of the property tax, the traffic tax, the entry tax, the kilometer charge, the tax on the Games and bets, the tax on automatic relaxation equipment, the tax on the vending machines, the tax on discarded business premises and the tax on the opening of liquor stores of fermented beverages, the Department of Ostit and Control of the Walloon public service finances; 2 ° for the application of the taxes on waste and taxes on financing of the water policy, the Department of Soil and Waste of Dewalle Public Service Agriculture, Natural Resources and Environment. ". Art. 9. In Article6bis of the same decision, paragraph 1, inserted by the Decree of the Walloon Government of 22 December2009, are the words" of the Operational Directorate General Taxation of the Walloon Public Service " replaced by the words "of the Walloon government service finance, or the official who who fails to do this, or the official he delegated." Art. 10. Article 7 of the same decision, last amended by the Decree of the Walloon Government of 18 July 2019, will be replaced by what follows: "Art. 7. The official referred to in Article 18 of the Decree is the Inspector General of the Department Location and control of the Walloon Public Service Finance, or the civil servant who, or the official delegated by him. In deviation from the first paragraph and in application of Article D.282 of Book II of the Environmental Book, which entails the Water Code for Debelassations and fees regarding the financing of water policy and the taxes on waste materials are drawn up by the director-general of the Walloon government service agriculture, natural aid sources and environment, or the official who performs this function, or the official delegated by him, and declared enforceable by the Director General of the Walloon Public Service Finance, whether the civil service performs this function, or the official he delegated. " Art. 11. Article 8 of the same decision, last amended by the Decree of the Walloon Government of 18 July 2019, is replaced by what follows: "Art. 8. The service referred to in Articles 17bis, 18bis, 19 and 20bis of the Decree consists of: 1 ° for the purposes of the property tax, the traffic tax, the entry tax tax, the kilometer tax, tax on the Games and bets, the debilation of automatic relaxation devices, the tax on the vending machines, the tax on discarding farms and the tax on the opening of liquor stores of fermented beverages, the Department branches Control of the Walloon Public Service Finance; 2 ° for the purposes of the tax on waste and taxes and fees regarding the financing of water policy, the departmental bottom and waste from the Walloon government service, natural resources and lifestyle. ".". Art. 12. In Chapter III of the same decision, a new Article 8bis inserted, reading follows: "Art. 8bisThe official referred to in Article 20quater of the Decree is: 1 ° for the application of the property tax, the tax on the Games and bets, the tax on automatic relaxation devices, the tax on the machines, the tax on discarded business space the tax on the opening van Ligterijen of fermented beverages, the director of the management of the withdrawal of the property tax and of the specific taxes of the Department branches Checking the Walloon Public Service Finance, or the official who performs this function, or officer delete him; 2 ° for The application of the traffic tax, the input tax, the director of the management of the Vehicle Taxation location of the Department of the Department of the Walloon Public Service Finance, or the official who performs this position, or dedoor him representative. ". Art. 13 . Article 9 of the same decision, last granted IGD Bij The decision of the Walloon Government of 18 July 2019, will be replaced by what follows: "Art.9. § 1. The official who must decide on the calls referred to in Articles 25 and 26 of the Decree consists of: 1 ° for the application of the property tax, the traffic tax, the entry tax, the kilometer charge, the tax on the Games and bets, Debelassing on automatic relaxation devices, the tax on the vending machines, the tax on displaced plane spaces and the tax on the opening of liquor stores of fermented beverages, the director of Dedirection Administrative Disputes of the Department Disputes and Legal Support of Dewalle Public Service Finance, or the civil servant who feature exerted, whether the representative officer; 2 ° for the application of the taxes on waste and taxes entributions regarding the financing of water policy, the director of the Economic and Financial Instruments Director of the Soil and Waste of the Walloon Public Service Agriculture, N Surgeons of sources and the environment, or the official who performs this function, or the official delegated by him.§ 2. The official who must decide on the professions referred to in Article 27 of the Decree consists: 1 ° for the application of the property tax, the tax on the Games and Betting, the tax on automatic relaxation devices, the tax on the machines, the tax on discarded farm rooms and the tax on the opening of liquor stores of fermented beverages, the director of directing the establishment of the property tax and of the specific Taxes of the Department location and control of the Walloon Public Service Finance, or the official who performs this function, or the official he delegated; 2 ° for the application of the traffic tax, the input tax, the director of the management of vehicle taxation location of the Department Finance service, or the official who performs this function, or dedoor him delegated officer; 3 ° for the purposes of the taxes on the waste offense the taxes and fees regarding the financing of water policy, the director of the management and financial instruments of the department Soil and waste from the Walloon public service agriculture, natural resources and environment, or the official who performs this function, or the Doorhem representative. ". Art. 14. Article 10 of the same Decree, last amended by the Walloon Government Decree of 9 May 2019, will be replaced by what follows: "Art. 10.the in Article 31 of the Decree is the Inspector General of the Inningen Department Collection of the Walloon Public Service Finance, or the official who performs this function, or the official by him. " Art. 15. Article 11 of the same decision, last amended by the decision of the Walloon Government of 24 May 2017, is replaced by what follows: "Art.11. The tax must be paid to the recipient." Art. 16. In Article 12ter, §1, of the same decision, inserted by the Decree of the Walloon Government of 5 December 2013, of the Operational Directorate-General Taxation of the Walloon Public Service "replaced by the words" of the Walloon Public Service Finance ". Art. 17. In Article 22 of the Self-Decree, last amended by the Walloon Government Decree of 9 May 2019, the words "of the operational directorate-general taxation of the Walloon public service" are replaced by the words "of the Walloon government service". Art. 18. In Article 22bis, of the same decision, last amended by the Decree of the Walloon Government of 18 July 2019, paragraph 2 is replaced by what follows: "§ 2The service referred to in Article 63, § 2, 1 °, of the Decree of the Department of Financial and Economic Instruments of the Department of Soils and Waste of the Walloon Public Service Agriculture, Natural Tools and Environment. ". Art. 19. Article222 of the same decision, inserted The decision of the Walloon government of 22 March 2018 and amended by the decision of the Walloon Government of 9 May 2019 will be replaced by what follows: "Art.22ter. The Service referred to in Article 57bis of the Decree is the Department of collection and collection of the Walloon Public Service Finance. ". Art. 20. Article 23 of the same decision, last amended by the Walloon Government Decree of 18 July 2019, is being replaced by what follows : "Art.23. The service referred to in Article 64 of the Decree is the Walloon Public Service Finance. In abnormality of the first paragraph, the service referred to in Article 64 of the Decree is for the application of the taxes on waste and taxes and fees regarding the financing of water policy, the Department of Soil and Waste of the Walloon Public Service Agriculture, Natural Resources Environment . ". Art. 21. The minister is responsible for finance with the Vandit Decree implementation. Namur, November 18, 2021. For the government: the Prime Minister, etc. Rupode Minister of Budget and Finance, Airports and Sport infrastructures, J .-L.cruckePublication: 2021-12-01Numac: 2021205612ministerie of the German-speaking Community 25 November 2021.-Decree of the government amending the decision of the government of 21 January 2021 establishing measures to prevent the distribution of the Coronavirus (COVID-19)) Deregister of the German -speaking Community, in view of the decree of 1 June 2004 on the Honzondheidspromotie and on medical prevention, Article 10.6.6, § 1, inserted by the Decree of 29 October 2021; Having regard to the cooperation agreement of 14 July 2021 between the Federalestate, the Flemish Community, the French Community, the German-speaking Community, the Community Commission Committee, the Walloon Region and the French Community Commission on the processing of data with regard to the digital EU-Covid certificate, the Covid Safe Ticket, the PLF and processing of personal data from employees living or staying abroad and performing activities independently in Belgium; given the decision of the government of 21 January 2021 to determine measures to prevent the distribution of the Coronavirus (Covid- 19); In view of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, Article 3, § 1; in view of the urgent necessity; that it is, considering the dramatic more deterioration NDe infection situation, it is appropriate that both the federal government, and the partialities, establish stricter rules with regard to the application of the Covid Safe Ticket; that the epidemiological situation in the German language area remains extremely worrying; that urgent measures are taken that extends beyond the current measures to protect public health, prevent overloading healthcare and resume social life in safe circumstances; that the Delta variant in the German language area is dominant (almost 100 % of the infections) and that this variant is more contagious than the alpha and other variants; that as a result, the virus is spreading even more to the population; whereas this decision is therefore adopted as quickly as possible; of 1 June 2004 and with the application of Article 13bis of the cooperation agreement of 14 July 2021; whereas the seven-day incidence fan is new infections with the Coronavirus (COVID-19) on November 23, 2021 in the entire German language area 829 per 100,000 inhabitants; that the fourteen-day incidence of new infections with the Coronavirus (COVID-19) on November 23, 2021 in the entire German language area is 1,449 per 100,000 inhabitants; that incidence value at the beginning of November 897 per 100,000 inhabitants was; that the incidence value has since risen 62 %;000 inhabitants are located for the entire Belgian territory; that the incidence value in the German language area is slightly lower than the Belgian average; That that situation hardly improves; Whereas the positivity ratio in the German language area is 18.8 %, while for the whole of Belgium it stays on average at 15.4 %; that the positivity ratio in the German language area has even risen and is still clearly higher than in the rest of Belgium; that that value has also remains at the same high level for some time; 19) in the German language area dominates; mostly the percentage of fully vaccinated people in the German language area is 67 % of the total population; that the vaccination rate throughout Belgium is significantly higher with 76 % than in the German language area; that the number of vaccinations administered in the German language area hardly increases; that 33 % of the population in the German language area is still not vaccinated and the Coronavirus (COVID-19) can increase; that non-vaccinated people run the risk of getting a serious course of the disease; 2021, currently 4 people in the hospitals in the German language area, 2 of which are in the intensive care department; that the places in intensive care in these hospitals in the German language area are often full; that one of the two hospitals in the German Language Area Conduct has intensive care; that patients must therefore be transferred to other hospitals; That the actual number of intensive care patients from the German language area is therefore higher; this evaluation is predominated that the epidemiological situation in the German language area justifies the use of the Covid Safe Ticket in certain sectors for the distribution of the Coronavirus (COVID-19) and the consequences to limit this; Whereas since the outbreak of the COVID-19 Pandemie, infection clusters have often been observed in sports and fitness clubs, as a result of close contact between people, frequent movements in the same room and increased aerosol and drop formation in physical exertion; that this is the case in particular at sports competitions where many spectators can be present; Whereas the COVID-19-Health crisis has economic consequences, which means that access to social and cultural events will remain possible; the population benefits; whereas social life also takes place in the facilities belonging to the cultural sector, recreation sector, party sector and sports sector. the special with the distribution of the coronavirus (COVID-19); predominantly the importance of the sectors involved from a social and economic point of view requires measures that combine the opening of these sectors with the prevention of the health risk certificate associated with the over-arrested ting of hospital beds by patients with infection with Hetcoronavirus (COVID-19); whereas for these reasons it is advisable to take preventive measures to the extent that is strictly necessary to protect health and prevent overloading of the health care; In contamination is greatest at mass events, sports competitions and all activities and events in the facilities from the recreation sector, party sectors culture sector with 50 or more people inside or with 100 or more people outside; that this also applies to Christmas markets and carnival activities; that it is therefore advisable to make the use of the COVID Safeticket compulsory to minimize the risk of infection and at the same time to have such events take place or to keep such provisions open; on the nomination of the Minister of Health; after deliberation, decision: article 1. -in Article 37, first paragraph, of the Decree of the government of 21 January 2021 establishing measures to prevent the distribution of the coronavirus (COVID-19), inserted by the decision of 29 October 2021, the following changes are made: 1 ° the provision Under 1 ° the words ", including Christmas markets, carnival activities or sports competitions do not take place in sports centers as stated in 3 °"; 2 ° in the determination under 3 ° "200 visitors" are replaced by the words "100 visitors" ; 3 ° the provision under 4 ° is replaced as follows: "4 ° Facilities that belong to the culture sector, party sector and recreation sector;" 4 ° the provision under 5 ° is lifted. 2. - This decision comes into effect the day on which it is adopted.art. 3. - The minister is responsible for health charged with the implementation of this decision.eupen, November 25, 2021. For the government of the German -speaking community, Deminister President, Minister of local authorities and finance, o. Paaschdiceminister President, Minister of Health and Social Affairs, Spatial Regulation and Housing, a. Antoniadis