Publication: 2021-03-30numac: 2021030795federal Public Service Finance21 March 2021.-Royal Decree to record the model of the personal income tax return form for the tax year 2021 (1) Filip, King of the Belgians, will be all-now and will be informed below, ours Greeting the Code of Income Taxes1992, Article 307, § 1, replaced by the law of 25 December 2017; Having regard to the law of the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, Article 3, § 1; Having regard to urgent needs , Through the scanning, the executive administration may be authorized to establish the income and other data specified by the taxpayer in the calculation programs. A strict minimum is limited. For that reason The declaration form for the tax year 2021 consists of the following parts: a) for taxpayers who only enter part 1: 1 ° a part with the inscription "Preparation of the declaration - part 1" that has been adjusted in function of the own tax rules of the Region in which the taxpayer is located and that contains all necessary entries that make the taxpayer possible to correctly enter the part stated in 2 °; 2 ° the declaration form (part 1 and 2) that will be scanned and a summary forms the data from the preparatory form - part 1. Only this part must be returned to the service prevents the aforementioned declaration form; b) for taxpayers who fill in both part 1: 1 ° a part with the inscription "Preparation of the declaration - part1 "that has been adjusted in function of the own tax rules of the region in which the taxpayable consococalized e n that contains all the necessary entries that make it possible for the taxpayer to fill the 3 ° part correctly to fill in correctly; 2 ° a component with the inscription "Preparation of the declaration - part 2" that contains all necessary entries that the taxpayer makes it possible in 3 ° the aforementioned part to be correctly filled in; 3 ° the declaration form (part 1 and 2) that will be scanned and that is a summary of the data from the preparatory form 1 and part 2. Only this part must be returned to the service This prevents the aforementioned declaration form;- this decision must therefore be taken urgently; on the wealth of the Minister of Finance, we have decided and we decide: Article1. The model of the personal income tax return form for the tax year 2021 is laid down in debate of this Decree. This form consists of three parts: 1 ° a part with the inscription "Preparation of the declaration - part 1" that is adjusted in function of its own fiscal rules of the region in which the taxpayer is located and that contains all necessary entries to correctly fill in the part stated in 3 °; 2 ° a component with as an inscription "Preparation of the declaration - part 2" that contains all necessary entries to the 3 ° the mentioned part to be correctly filled in; 3 ° a component with the inscription "Declaration in the personal income tax (parts 1 and 2)" that must be returned to the service that occurs on the aforementioned declaration form.art. 2. The minister who is competent for finance is charged with the implementation of this Decree in Brussels, 21 March 2021. Filipvankoningweight: the Minister of Finance, v. Van Peteghem ___________well (1) References to the Belgian Official Gazette: Code of Income Taxes 1992, Coordinated by Royal Decree of 10 April 1992, Belgian Official Gazette of 30 July 1992. Act of December 25 ,2017, Belgian Official Gazette of December 29, 2017.wetten on the Council of State , Coordinated additional liability decision of 12 January 1973, Belgian Official Gazette of 21 March 1973. Appendix to the Bonklijk Decree of 21 March 2021 for the consultation of the table, see image before the consultation of the table, see image seen to be added to our decision of21 March 2021.Filipvan Koningsweight: The Minister of Finance, v.van PeteghemPublication: 2021-03-26Numac: 2021030843Federal Public Service Justice21 March 2021.-Act amending book XX of the Code of Economic Law and the Code of Income Taxes 1992Filip, King of the Belgians, to all who will now be the following, our regards . The Chamber has adopted and we reinforced what follows: Chapter 1. - General provision article 1. This law regulates a matter in Article 74 of the Constitution. Chapter 2. - Changes to the Economic Court Code. 2. In Article XX.2 of the Economic Law Code, inserted by the law of 11 August 2017, the provision under 2а is supplemented with the words ", with the exception of the decision referred to in article XX.39/1" .Art. 3. In Book XX, Title I, Chapter 2, of the same code, inserted by the law of 11 August 2017, an article XX.11/1 is inserted, reading: "Art.xx.11/1. When the provisions of this Book provided for in a report from the examining magistrate or Vande Delegated Judge, the report can also be drawn up in writing, provided that the appearance of the appearance for the date set for the report is laid down in the register. ". Art.4. In Article XX.28 of the same Code, inserted by the law of 11 August 2017, the following changes are made: 1а In the first paragraph, first sentence, the words "four months" are replaced by the words "eight months"; 2а in The first paragraph, fourth sense, the words "four months" are replaced by the words "ten months"; 3а In the second paragraph, the words "eight months" are replaced by the words "eighteen months" .Art. 5. In Article XX.30 of the same Code, inserted by the law of 11 August 2017, the first paragraph is replaced as follows: "When events that lead to unmanageable of the company or when apparent shortcomings of the debtor or of one of his organs the continuous summit to jeopardize the company or its economic activities and the requested measure is that those who can be continuously able to do, the chairman of the court can, at the request of the debtor, the public prosecutor or of each interested party, set in accordance with the forms of the short Correction, one or more courtly adjusters. ". Art. 6. In Book XX, Title V, Chapter 1, of the same Code, inserted by the law of 11 August 2017, a section 1/1 is inserted with the inscription: "Section 1/1. Preparatory agreement" that an article XX.39 /1 contains, reading: "Art. XX.39/1. §1. At the unilateral request from the debtor, the chairman of the corporate court can be a court adjustment adjustments, with a view to obtaining an amicable agreement within the meaning of Article XX. 64 Whether or not the adjustment of a reorganization plan as determined in Article XX.7.7. The debtor must prove as a petition that the continuity of the company is immediately or in the long term, within the meaning of Article XX.45.The debtor adds to his petition the documents provided for Article XX.41, § 2, first paragraph, 1а, 3а and 4а. The petition and the following partial elements of the procedure are laid down in the register by the debtor and kept therein. in accordance with Article XX.42. This decision does not announce. This delegated judge can also act in the following procedure of judicial organization. Opening a judicial reorganization does not have as a result of the order of the courtly manual. The judgment that the judicial reorganization opent or a later judgment determines to what extent the assignment must be enforced or changed. Or the request will be dealt with within a period of eight days of the submission of the request in the Register in the Council Chamber. The delegated judge is heard in his report. The decision on the request is not announced. Movement against the decision is nevertheless. The appeal is lodged by petition and laid down at the Registry of the Court of Appeal within eight days of the notification of the decision. The Registrar of the Court of Appeals at the latest on the first working day that follows the letter of petition, the possible defender per court letter and, if applicable, his lawyer by ordinary letter, in knowledge of the petition. § 2. The courts are chosen on the basis of their quality stations according to the necessities of the case. The debtor can propose the name of the Judician. This appointment is not announced. The court of justice reports to the Deputy judge on the course of the negotiations and in particular if a differentiated regulation is proposed to the creditors. § 3The debtor simply provides the Court of Appeal to request a list of creditors, as provided for by Article XX.41, § 2, Primary member, 7а, and all accounting or other documents relevant for obtaining an amicable chord in Article XX.64 or for the Drawing up the reorganization plan as stipulated in Article XX.67.Degechtsmandataris determines the period within which the individual creditors are informed of his assignment and of the data determined in Article XX.48, § 1, second paragraph, 1а and 3а. Hijkan decides to start the negotiations with щщN or several creditors and to extend them to other creditors in a lateral phase. The notification by the court of justice is done in accordance with Article XX.49, § 1, third paragraph, and counts as a communication within the meaning of Article XX.49. In the case of dangery, the court of justice invites the creditors to register in the register. The chairman of the court can request the chairman of the court during the preparatory phase by means of a petition to contradiction, in view of the situation of the debtor and on the current negotiations, as well as taking into account, taking into account With the damage caused by the measure for the creditors and general interests, conditions and/or installments that have been adapted to the needs of the debtor. the creditors from whom he asks conditions and/or installments. This explanation is laid down in the register and kept there. The chairman of the court can thus allow the debtor to conditions and/or periods for the payment of all debts stated in the petition and suspend the prosecutions for the duration of those conditions or term , even if the debt was determined in an authentic deed or via a judgment. President of the court records the duration of those conditions and deadlines; That duration may not be four months. The chairman of the court can at any time ex officio or opinion of an interested creditor or of the Court of Justice to put an end to the tendencies and/or deadlines, by means of a reasoned decision and after the debtor to have heard. § 4. The court of justice participates in the negotiations on an amicable agreement within the meaning of Article XX.64, or a reorganization plan in accordance with Articles XX.70 to and with XX.78 and watches about the faithful informing of the creditors. entitled to obtain the proxy of the creditors consulted. §5. At the request of the court, who thereby adds the amicable agreement and an explanation, the chairman of the court, after hearing the debtor and reported on report of the delegate judge, laid down each agreement that the debtor has concluded with the DISCOUNT PRIGHTER and transfers the file to the court to apply Article XX.46, §6. § 6. At the request of the court, who thereby adds the reorganization plan ENE explanation, the chairman of the court, after hearing and the debtor of the delegated court, transfers the file to the court together with a reasoned decision, if The approval of the reorganization plan within the meaning of Article XX.78 seems sufficiently plausible to apply Article XX.46, § 5. § 7. The debtor will benefit the protection in Article xx.4.§ 8. The debtor can at any time during the procedure in whole or in part, the claim for preparatory agreement. On request from the debtor, of the court official or ex officio, after the debtor and after the report of the delegated court heard to have, being chairman of the court the procedure in whole or in part. If an amicable agreement in the meaning of Article XX.64 Whether a reorganization plan that meets the conditions determined in articlesxx.70 to xx.78 does not seem plausible, the court of justice requests the chairman of the court in the end of the court. § 9. The costs and fees of the court of justice are budgeted by the court in accordance with Article XX.20, § 3, second paragraph. In the case of a following agreement of creditors, the claim of the courtly intended in Articles 17 and 19, 1а, of the Mortgage Act of December 16, 1851 and this claim is dealt with as an extraordinary claim in the suspension in the context of a reorganization plan. ". Art.7. In Article XX41 of the same Code, inserted by the law of 11 August 2017 and amended on the law of 15 April 2018, the following changes will be made: 1а in paragraph 2, first-line, the words are "on pain of inadmissibility, he adds" By the words "weeping"; 2а the paragraphs 3/1 and 3/2 are inserted, reading: "§ 3/1. Deschulatedsman who stated the documents mentioned in paragraph 2, first paragraph, 5а to 9а, not to his petition can, Let them down in the register no later than two days before the hearing referred to in Article XX.46. Despite this period, despite this period is unable to provide the requested documents, he submits a bill in the register in which it is detailed why Hijdeze is indicated in detailed Documents has not been able to provide. The court judges on the basis of the declarations. § 3/2. If the petition is intended to transfer the company in the circumstances referred to in Title V, chapter 4, of this book, the petition keeps the data stated in paragraph 2, first paragraph, with the exception of the data referred to under the numbers 6аen 8а. The petition can be supplemented at any time either at the initiative of the debtor after the decision of the delegated court. ". Art. 8. In Article XX.45, § 5, of the same Code, inserted by the law of 11 August 2017, the will be the the following changes made: 1аhet first paragraph is canceled; 2а In the third paragraph, the words "more than three but" are canceled.art. 9. Article XX.46 of the same Code, inserted by the law of 11 August2017, is supplemented with Sections 5 and 6, reads: "§ 5. The court to which a reasoned decision is communicated pursuant to Article XX.39/1, § 6, the procedural reorganization will open within a period of five working days. The records and announcements performed the register In accordance with Article XX.39/1, are part of the Register for the Procedure Royal Reorganization, from and in the context of the pending making before the court as intended in Article XX.39/1, § 6. judgment in which the accelerated procedure of the judicial organization is opened, determines the date of the court hearing referred to in Article XX.78 Early months after the date of opening of the procedure. § 6. The court to which the dismissive decision is communicated pursuant to Article XX.39/1, § 5, will open the procedural reorganization within a period of five working days. The judgment in which the decorative reorganization procedure is opened, determines the date of the Court hearing where the amicable agreement is approved in accordance with Articles XX.65 and xx.66 no later than month after the date of opening of the procedure. ". Art. 10. In Article XX.48, § 1, second paragraph, 3а, of the same code , inserted by the law of 11 August 2017, the words "and xx.31" will be replaced by the words ", XX.31 and XX.39/1". Art. 11. In Article XX.65, §§1 and 4, of the same Code, inserted by the law of 11 August 2017, the words "articlexx.31" will always be replaced by the words "Articles XX.31 and xx.39/1". Art. 12. in articlexx.70 , § 1, second paragraph, of the same code, inserted by the law of 11 August 2017, becoming words "or xx.36 "Replaced with the words", xx.36 or xx.39/1 ".Art. 13. In Article XX.77, second paragraph, of the same Code, inserted by the law of 11 August 2017, the second line is filled with the words "and, where appropriate, the further rules under which the electronic voting will occur" .Art. 14. In Article XX.78 of the same Code, inserted by the law of 11augustus 2017, the following changes are made: 1а The first paragraph is supplemented with the following two sentences: "The vote on the plan takes place during a hearing where des creditors are present or by means of electronic communication. If the hearing runs electronically, the creditor wants to submit those comments, which entered in the register before the start of the electronic session. "; 2а between the fourth and the fifth paragraph, a member is inserted, reading: "The vote can be electronically laid down by the further rules laid down by the decorated court.". Chapter 3. - change of the Code of the income taxes1992art. 15. In Article 48 of the Code of Income Taxes 1992, amended by the laws of 7 April 2005 and 31 January 2009, and by the Royal Decree of 3 October 2019, the second paragraph is replaced as follows: "The depreciation and provisions on debts on debts on the co -contractors for whom a reorganization plan is approved or an amicable agreement has been established.79 of the Code of Economic Law, are exempted during the taxable eras to the complete enforcement of the plan or of the amicable agreement or to the conclusion of the procedure. ". Chapter 4. - EvaluationAt. 16. No more than 15 June 2021 evaluates the minister or the procedures intended in Articles 2 and 4 to 12. That evaluation, if necessary, sets thinking for legislative improvements for. Chapter5. exception of Articles 3, 13 and 14 who enter into force on January 1, 2023. The Articles 2 and 4 to 12 step out of operation on 30 June 2021. The King can for Articles 2 and 4 to 12, in the Council of Ministers, the Royal Decree consulted the In the second paragraph, the king stated. The Koning may have a date of entry into force for Articles 3, 13 and 14 prior to the date stated in the first paragraph and this law, order that with the country's seal will be held and will be announced by the Belgian Official Gazette. Given in Brussels, March 21, 2021.Filipvan Koningsweight: the Ministervan Finiыn, V. Van Peteghemde Minister of Justice, v. Vanquickenbornemet's Lands Seal sealed: the Minister of Justice, v. Van Quickenborne _______ Note (1) Chamber of representatives (www.dekamer.be) Pieces. - 1337/(2019/2020) Integral report: 04/03/2021