Publication: 2021-09-07Numac: 2021032651 National Bank of Belgian portfolio transfer of Yarden Uitvaartverzekeringen N.V. to DELA Natura and Life-Insurance N.V. The Dutch Prudential Supervision supervisor has the insurance company and obligations of the rights and obligations in the Dutch Legal Association N.V. on 26 July 2021 to transfer the branch 21 to the insurance company to the Dutch Law DELA Natura and Life Insurance N.V. in the context of the merger by absorbing the aforementioned entity by the second. This transfer took effect on August 4, 2021. Other article 17 of the law of 4 April 2014 on the insurance policies, this transfer makes this transfer, with regard to risks or commitments lying in Belgium, opposed to the policyholders, the insured persons, the beneficiaries and all third parties in the implementation of the insurance agreement.brussel, 26 August 2021. de Gouverneur, p. WunschPublication: 2021-10-12Numac: 2021032728federal Public Service Domestic Affairs23 April 2020.-Act changes to the Code on the added value, the 1992 Income Tax Code, the Code of the Enhancement and forced Collection of Fiscal and Non-Non-Not Fiscal claims and the Program Act (i) of 29 March 2012, regarding the processing of personal data via the e-Notariat. - German translation The following text is the Deduitse translation of the Law of 23 April 2020 containing changes to the Tax Code Over The Added Value, the Code of Income Taxes 1992, the Code of the Enhancement of Fiscal and Non-Fiscal Debts and Non-Fiscal Debts and The Program Act (i) of March 29, 2012, regarding the processing of person data via the E-NOTariaat (Belgian Official Gazette of 11 May 2020). This feature was drawn up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.föderaleröffentlicher Service Service23. APRIL 2020 - Gesetz zur Abänderung des Mehrwertsteuergesetzbuches,des Einkommensteuergesetzbuches 1992, des Gesetzbuches über die gütliche Beitreibung und die Zwangsbeitreibungvon Steuerforderungen und nichtsteuerlichen Forderungen und des Programmgesetzes (I) vom 29. März 2012in Bezug auf die Verarbeitung der über E-Notariat übermittelten personenbezogenen DatenPHILIPPE, Konig der Belgier, Allen Gegenwartigen und Zukunftigen, Unser Gruß! Die Abgeordnetenkammerhat das folende Angenommen und Wir Sanktionieren es: Allgemeine Bestimmungartikel1 - Vorliegendens Gesetz arranged Eine $zägäsrargungungunsteuteuteuteuteuteuteuteugtuits des Gesetzbuchesüber that gütliche beitreibung und die Zwangbeitreibung von Steuerforderungen und Nichtsteuerlichen Forederungenund des programgetzes (i) vom 29. 2 - Article 93ter § 1 des Mehrwertsteuergesetzbuches, eingefügt durch das Gesetz vom 8. August 1980, ersetzt durch das gesetz vom 11. February 2019 und aufhobendurch das Gesetz Gesid 138 die in Article 138. Whoever fails Abgeändert: 1. In Absatz 1 wird der einleitende Satz wie folgt ersetzt:"Damitdie Staatskasse im Hinblick auf die Beitreibung der Mehrwertsteuer und der Nebenforderungen die Möglichkeiterhält, eine gesetzliche Hypothek auf ein mit einer Hypothek belastbares Gut aufzunehmen, das Gegenstandeines Entwurfs einer Urkunde zur Veräußerung oder Verwendung zur Hypothekenbestellung ist, sindNotare, die ersucht werden, eine Urkunde zur Veräußerung oder Verwendung zur Hypothekenbestellungeines mit einer Hypothek belastbaren Gutes auszufertigen, im Sinne von Artikel 1382 des Zivilgesetzbuchespersönlich haftbar für die Zahlung der Mehrwertsteuer und der Nebenforderungen, die zu einer Hypothekeneintragungführen können, wenn sie es unterlassen : ". 2. In Absatz 1 nr. 2 Wird das wort "einschreiben" durch das wort "einschreibesendung" ersetzt.3. Zwischen Absatz 1 und Absatz 2 became four Absätzemit Folgendem Wortlaut eingefügt: "In der Meldung wird that identität des abserses, das gut, tie gegenstand of the in Absatz 1 pairs of the right in the right. Für Die Anwendung der Vorliegenden Bestimmungumfasst Die Idsität des Abseren Namur, Fores, Eigenchaft, Addressse Und Unternhmumummer.fürdie Anwendung of the Vorliegenden Bestimmung Umfasst that identität of Natum's dinglich, Veensdichns dinglichnramn, dinglichen's dinglichnamnhray, dinglichen's dinglichnamnhray, dinglichen's dinglichnamnhray, dinglichen's dinglichnamnhray names, dinglichen's dinglichn. Ermangelung, recognition number of the Zentral Datenbank der Sozialen Sicherheit Oder, inermangelung Solcher Numbern, Ihr Geburtsdatum, b) für Jurist Persons: Namur, Rechtformund Unternhmensnummer.für 1 die eagins, Bestimmasstung's Gutmashallung of the Bestunggasstung of the Bestunggasstung of the Bestunggasstung of the BestunggasgasgasiStung of the Bestunggas -Fas basic basic Netherlands , Art des Gutes, addresses, number of the Katastermutterrolleund, Wenn Dies Angaben Bekannt Sind, Verkaufspreis und hypothekarische sitation. "4. In Absatz2, Der Absatz 6 Wird, those Wörter "those in question" Durch Die Wörter "who in Absatz 1 Erwähteurkunde" ERSETZT.ART. 3 - Article 93quater Desselben Gesetzbuches, Eingefügt Durch das Gesetzvom 8. August 1980, ERSETZT DURCH GEETZ GEETZ VOM 11. February 2019 und Aufgehoben durch das Gesetz vom13. April 2019, Außer für who in Article 138 Dieses Gesetzes Erwähnten Fälle, Wird Who fails Abgeändert: 1. In § 1 nr. 2 Wird Das Wort "Einschreiben" Jeweils Durch Das Wort "Einschreibesendung" Ersetzt.2The article is supplemented by a paragraph 4 with the following wording: "Section 4 - Di informations in the notification mentioned in the present article are regardless of whether they are communicated electronically or by entering. The content of the notification is guaranteed by adequate security techniques. This is used to be notified. An electronic certificate is used. Obviation of the applied technology is guaranteed that only authorized persons have access to the means with which the electronic certificate is created. Natural person who is identified for the dispatcher and that the time of dispatch can be determined. the national register or, in their absence, based on the recognition number of the central database of social security, if it is a natural person, or the identification number of the central database of companies if it is a legal person. "Art." Art. 4 - Article 93octies of the same law book, inserted by the law of August 8, 1980 and overturned by the law of 11 February 2019, is recorded with the following wording again: "Art. 93octies - The Federation of Finance, represented by the President of the Management Committee, is the for the processing - within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and the Council of April 27, 2016 for the protection of natural passenger personal data, free data traffic and the cancellation of Directive95/46/EC and the law on July 30, 2018 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing -related data - for the collection and storage of the data obtained in the execution of Article 93ter of Dennotars, their use for checking whether the persons of the tax administration, which are mentioned in a safe debt, the notification of this Debt, the notification of these debts On the case of the measures that are required for the entry of the legal mortgage. December of the year is kept on the annual, in which the limitation period for all actions takes place that is necessary for the guarantee of the statutory mortgage of the state treasury or the collection of liability complaints with regard to the guarantee of the objection of VAT and the side claims DESIn paragraph 1 mentioned for the processing for the processing, and in which, if necessary, the full payment of the associated amounts is made and the associated administrative and judicial proceedings and legal remedies are finally closed off Ossen are. "Chapter 2 - Amending Income Tax Code 1992Art. 5 - Article 412Bis of the Income Tax Code 19992, inserted by the law of December 28, 1992 and amended by the law of February 11, 2019, is changed as follows: 1. The article is replaced as follows: "Art. 412Bis- § 1 - In deviation of Article 412 (2), the preliminary deduction in terms of Inarticula 272 paragraph 2 is added value in the registration of the certificates and explanations mentioned in Article 270 (1) No. 5 payable. Article 270 paragraph 1 no. 5 are obliged to register in the registration, mortgage, mortgage and office fee code when registering the certificate or the declaration through which the assignment is determined by section 8 of the Appendix 3 for the royal decree of August 27, 1993 to execute the income tax laws 1999 preliminary vocational tax deduction, which refers to added value, which are included in the profits or profits mentioned in Article 228 § 2 No. 3 letter a) and No. 4 Taxpayers who are subject to the tax of the non -regional, on the occasion of a fee of payment in Belgium Wayable goods or real rights to these goods are realized. Articles 169Tes Registration, mortgage and mortgage and law firm fees code is applicable to the vocational tax initial deduction reference to the added value mentioned in paragraphs 1 and 2, which is to be paid when registering the certificate or the declaration§ 2 - If § 1 must be applied so that the income of the vocational tax deduction in relation to the added value is guaranteed, in Article 270 sales 1 No. 5 we are obliged to draw up the debtor of the preliminary deduction in Article 433, in which all information also noted must be required for the calculation of the professional tax deduction in relation to the implemented added value, and to justify costs and expenses that the cedent would be deducted from the price of the assignment or to have it added to the purchase price. Well, the subject of the certificate or explanation mentioned in Article 270 (1) No. 5, and the assassination of the owner or owner of a real law on this well. and company number. For the application of the Vorli The identity of the owner or owner of a real law includes: a) for natural persons: names, first name and recognition number of the national register or, in their absence, recognition number of the central database of social security or, in the absence of such numbers, your date of birth, b) for legal People: Name, legal form and company number. For the application of the presentation, the identification of the goods includes the object of the document or explanation mentioned in § 1 is the type of good, address, number of the cadastral nut role and, if this is known, known, sales price and mortgage situation The report mentioned in paragraph 1 must be sent to: 1. The management service Information and Communication Technology Federal Public Service Finance in an electronic way, 2. the responsible recipient if the report cannot be sent in accordance with No. 1 due to force majeure or a technical disorder. In this case, the message is sent by registration. If the certificate or declaration mentioned in §1 is not made within three months of sending the message, this message is considered null and void. If the report is sent in accordance with paragraph 6 No. 1, the date is considered the date The sending of the message The date of the receipt confirmation, which is transmitted by the management service Information and Communication Technology of the Federal Service Finance. Message created only to be decisive if the date of your sentence is before the date of sending the message created in paragraph 6 No. 1. § 3 - Inbudends notification in § 2 notes within the inscription provided for in Article 434 by registration. 273 No. 2 owed professional tax rejection. e can be realized on the goods, the subject of the certificate mentioned in § 1 or explanation. In the case of a public sale, income notifies the relevant debt owners of the vocational tax rejection in the deviation of paragraph 1 only the total amount that must be deducted from the price of the assignment in order to implement the amount of the To maintain added values ​​so that the advantages of the debtor can calculate these added value and the relevant vocational tax deduction themselves. § 4 - Before the registration, the debtor of the preliminary deduction of the professional tax tax is handed over to the registration of the certificate or the declaration by which the assignment is determined, the notification mentioned in § 3. make a certificate dependent on the civil servants responsible for the administration commissioned to determine the income tax and it is found that the cedent does not have a tax liabilityist mentioned in Article 227 No. 1 or 2. § 5 - After the receiver of the registration office has accepted the initial vocational tax tax, he completes the notification mentioned in § 3 and handed over two copies to the debtor's preliminary deduction. The latter hands out the cedant, immovable good or the real rights to this estate, so that it can fill out its explanation of the non -regional tax. . § 6 - The king determines the information that must be included in the report mentioned in §2 paragraph 1. "2In § 2 paragraph 1, the words "in Article 433" are also replaced by the words "in Article 433 and in Article 35 of the Code of Code and the compulsory burial of tax claims and non -tax claims". 3. In § 3 paragraph 1, the words "in Article 434" are replaced by the words "in Article 434 or in Article 36 of the Code about the amicable entitlement and the compulsory support from tax claims and non -tax claims". 6 - Article 433 §1 of the same code of law, replaced by the law of February 11, 2019 and lifted by the Legal April 13, 2019, except for the cases mentioned in Article 138 of this law, is changed as follow -up: 1. The introductory sentence is replaced as follows: "§ 1 - so that this state fund - with regard to the recovery of income taxes and side claims, maintains the possibility to include a statutory mortgage to a good with a mortgage, the object of a document for selling or using the mortgage order is , Sindnotars who are requested to make a certificate for sale or use to the mortgage order with a mortgage with a mortgage, within the meaning of Article 1382 of the Civil Code Personal liable for the payment of taxes and side claims that can lead to a mortgage entry if you fail to do so: " .2. In No. 2, the word "registered letter" is replaced by the word "entering". 3. The paragraph is fed by four paragraphs with the following wording: "In the report, the identity of the sender, the good, the subject of the document mentioned in paragraph 1, and the identity of the owner or owner of a real law on this is given for the application of the The presentation includes the identity of the sender name, first name, property, address and company number. For the application of the presentation, the identity of the owner or owner of a real law: a) For natural persons: names, first names and recognition number of the national register or, in their absence, Design number of the central database of social security or, in the absence of such numbers, your date of birth, b) for legal persons: names, legal form and company number. For the application of the present provision, the identification of the estate includes the subject of the document 1 mentioned, type of the estate, address, Number of the cadastral nut and, if this is known, sales price and mortgage situation. "Art. 7 - Article 434 of the same Code, replaced by the law of February 11, 2019 and canceled by the law of April 13, 2019, except for the cases mentioned in Article 138 of this law, is changed as follows: 1. In § 1 No. 2 The word "registered letter" replaced by the word "inscription". 2. The article is supplemented by a paragraph 4 with the following wording: "§ 4 - Discretion in the notification mentioned in the present article are regardless of whether they are in an electronic way or to be communicated by entering the inscription. In the event of the sending of electronic paths, the origin and integrity of the content of the notification by adequate security techniques is guaranteed. This is valid in a notification, an electronic certificate is used. Owning the applied technology is guaranteed that only authorized persons have access to the means with which the electronic certificate is created n Procedure enables the natural person who is responsible for the shipment to be identified and that the time of dispatch can be determined. Invite the sole purpose of performing the provisions of the present paragraph, the tax debtor weder is based on the recognition number of the national register or, in whose absence, based on the recognition number of the central database of social security, if it is a natural person, or the identification number of the central database of companies if it is a legal person. " 8 - Article 438 of the same Code, lifted by the Legal February 11, 2019, will be resumed with the following wording: "Art. 438 - The Federation public service Finance, represented by the President of the Directorate Committee, is the one for the processing manager (in the sense of the regulation ( EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and the Council of April 27, 2016 on the protection of natural persons in the processing of personal data, for free data traffic and the cancellation of Directive 95/46/EC and the law of 30July 2018 on the protection of the protection of personal data - for the collection and storageer in the execution of Article 412BIs and 433 from the notaries, their use for purpose check, whether the persons mentioned therein of the tax administration owe a secure debt, the notification thinking, the debt of the notification, The notification of these debts to the notaries in question and, if necessary, the seized measures that are necessary for the entry of the statutory mortgage. mentioned notification, notification and knowledge of the knowledge are kept by the Federation of Finance by December 31 of the year at the latest, which follows the year in which the limitation period for all actions takes place, the guarantee of the statutory mortgage of the ST AATSKASS or the collection of liability complaints regarding the guarantee of the compensation of the vocational tax rejection in relation to the added value and incident tax mentioned in Article 272 paragraph 2 are necessary and the responsibility of the responsible for the processing in paragraph 1, and, if necessary, the Complete payment of the associated amounts is made and the administrative and judicial procedures and appeals that contain the fallen. 9 -Articles 157 of the Program Act (I) of March 29, 2012, replaced by the law of April 13, 2019, is replaced as follows: "Art. 157 - § 1 - so that the intake of secure and fixed tax debt within the meaning of Article 158, The notaries that are due by the testator, his heirs, his heirs and legacy or from the beneficiary of a contractual inheritance made by the testator are notaries who are requested to create a certificate of inheritance or a certificate Civil code personally for the payment of the debts, which is due to the testator, his heirs and legacy, whose identity is given in the certificate or in appearance, or by the beneficiaries of a contractual inheritance made by the testator and which can be notified in accordance with Article 158 if they omission: 1. The one with information and communication technology to notify the federal service of the federal service in an electronic way, 2. to notify the civil servant of the general administration of the general administration of asset documentation if the notification can be transmitted due to force majeure or a technical disorder in accordance with No. 1. In this case, the report is sent by registration. who fall to the legal successor, whose identity is given in the certificate or in appearance and for which the notary can be liable. § 2 - If the relevant certificate or the relevant appearance is not made within three months of sending the report, this message is considered void. §3 - If the same report is sent one after the other in accordance with the procedures mentioned in § 1 paragraph 1 No. 1 or No. 2, the message created in accordance with Section 1 (1) No. 2 is only decisive if the date of your dispatch before the date of dispatch is the message created in accordance with Section 1 (1) No. 1. Section 4 - If the notification is sent in accordance with Section 1 (1) No. 1, the date of sending the message is the date of the receipt confirmation, which is sent by information and communication technology commissioned by the federal service finance. § 5 - In the notification, the identity of the testator, its heiral or legacy and the possible beneficiary of a contractual inheritance is given. For the application of this provision, identity: a) For natural persons: names, first name and, if necessary , Design number of the central database of the social security of the person concerned or, in the absence of such numbers, their date of birth, b) for legal entities, trusts, trustees and similar legal agreements: company names, corporate seat and, if necessary, the identification number of the central database of the company. § 6 - The king determines the practical conditions for the application of the pre -pre -pre -provision. "Art10 - In the same law, an article 157/1 is inserted with the following wording: "Art. 157/1 - § 1 - so that the use of secure and fixed tax debts within the meaning of Article 158/1, which is Faving a contractual inheritance made by the testator is guaranteed, notaries who are asked to create a certificate of inheritance or a certificate of inheritance in Article1240Bis of the Civil Code, within the meaning of Article 1382 of the Civil Code for the payment of the debts Examples, his heirs and legacy, whose identity is given in the certificate or in appearance, or by the beneficiaries of a contractual inheritance made by the testator and who can be notified in accordance with Article 158/1, provided that it is for the briefing of these debts before January 1st 2020 an enforcement title as in Article 138 of the law It mentions of April 13, 2019 for the introduction of the Code about the amendment friction and the forced objection of tax claims and non -tax claims if you fail to do: 1. to notify the federation of the Federation of the Federation of the Federation of Finance in electronic way, to inform 2 subsequent civil servants if the report cannot be sent in accordance with No. 1 due to force majeure or a technical disorder:- The recipients who are responsible for the testator and the legal successors, whose identity in the certificate of inheritance or in the inheritance is given, and the customer of the service determined by the king for this purpose, if the testator and/or one of his legal successors have their place of residence-- the The King determined by the king of asset documentation. In this case, the report is sent by registration. mentioned liability on de n Value of the assets, which the legal successor falls, whose identity is given in the certificate or in appearance and for which the notary can be held liable. § 2 - If the relevant certificate or the relevant appearance is not made within three months of sending the report, this message is considered void. §3 - If the same report is sent one after the other in accordance with the procedures mentioned in § 1 paragraph 1 No. 1 or No. 2, the message created in accordance with Section 1 (1) No. 2 is only decisive if the date of your dispatch before the date of dispatch is the message created in accordance with Section 1 (1) No. 1. Section 4 - If the notification is sent in accordance with Section 1 (1) No. 1, the date of sending the message is the date of the receipt confirmation, which is sent by information and communication technology commissioned by the federal service finance. § 5 - In the notification, the identity of the testator, its heiral or legacy and the possible beneficiary of a contractual inheritance is given. For the application of this provision, identity: a) For natural persons: names, first name and, if necessary , Design number of the central database of the social security of the person concerned or, in the absence of such numbers, their date of birth, b) for legal entities, trusts, trustees and similar legal agreements: company names, corporate seat and, if necessary, the identification number of the central database of the company. § 6 - The king determines the practical conditions for the application of the pre -previous article. "Art. 11 - Article 158 of the same law, replaced by the Legal April 13, 2019, is replaced as follows:" Art. 158 - Before the expiry of the twelfth working day, after the date of sending the message mentioned in Article 157, the asset documentation, which is responsible for the collecting of the tax debt, can be the notary, the notary, the existence of a tax debt formed from the main amount, fines or side claims other person specified in the report and for each debtor notify the charged guilt, namely: 1. Procedure determined electronically according to the King, 2. by entering if the notification cannot be transmitted in accordance with No. 1 due to higher violence or a technical disorder or if the notary in Article 157 § 1 has sent a message mentioned by entering. 2 Processed procedural sentence is the2 Message created only decisive if the date of your sentence is before the date of sending the message created in paragraph 1 No. 1. . 1 Transfer, the date of sending the notification of the receipt of the receipt, which is transmitted from the service of the information and communication technology of the sender in Article 157 § 1 mentioned. Electronic paths or by entering are communicated. In the case of the shipment on electronic paths, the origin and integrity of the content of the notification by adequate safety technique is valid. Ass only authorized persons have access to the means, the electronic certificate is created. to carry out the determinant paragraphs 5 to 9, the tax debtor is either based on the recognition number of the national register, in their absence, based on the recognition number of the central database of social security, if it is a natural person, or the identification number of the central database of the company, If it is a legal person, identified. "Art. 12 - An article 158/1 is inserted into the following wording in DasselgebEngesetz: "Art. 158/1 - Before expiry of the twelfth working day after the date of sending the message mentioned in Article 157/1 Notary who notifies this message shipping, the existence of a tax guilt of the testator or another person specified in the report and for each debtor, if it has been given the amount of guilty, provided that the guilt was specified in the report. January2020 an enforcement title as in Article 138 of the Act of April 13, 2019 for the introduction of the Code about the amicable entitlement and the forced objection of tax claims and non -tax claims mentioned, namely: 1. In electronic path according to a procedure determined by the king, 2nd inscription, If the notification due to higher G Ewalt or one -technical disorder cannot be transmitted in accordance with No. 1 or if the notary has sent the message mentioned in Article 157/1 § 1 by entering. The message created in accordance with paragraph 1 No. 2 only decisive if the date of your dispatch is the date of sending the message created in paragraph 1 No. 1. If the notification is transmitted in accordance with paragraph 1 No. 1, the date of sending the notification of the receipt of the receipt is sent in the notification mentioned by the Service Information and Communication Technology of the sender. are the same regardless of whether they are on electronic paths or by rest Egg inserting. In the event of the shipment on electronic paths, the origin and integrity of the content of the notification through adequate safety technique is valid. The electronic certificate is created. the tax debtor either based on the recognition number of the national register, in their absence, based on the recognition number of the central database of social security, if it is a natural person, or the recognition number of the central database of the company, If it is a legal person, identified. "Art. 13 - Article 159 of the same law, replaced by the law of December 13, 2012 and amended by LegalFebruary 2019, is changed as follows: a) In paragraph 1, the words "in Application von Article 158" are replaced by the words "in application of Article 158 and 158/1" " Article 158 "by the words" based on Article 158 and158/1 "and the words" in Article 157 § 1 "mentioned" in Article 157 §1 and 157/1 § 1 "mentioned". 14 - Article 160 of the same law, modified by the laws of December 13, 2012 and February 11, 2019, is changed as follows: a) In § 1 the words "on the basis of Article 158" by the words "based on Article 158 and 158/ 1 "And the words" in the sense of Article 158 "by the words" in the sense of Article 158 and 158/1 "" replaced. B) In § 2 letter a) the words "in accordance with Article 158" by the words "are given in accordance with the articles 158 and 158/1 "replaced.c) In § 3 the words" mentioned in Article 158 "are replaced by the words" in Article 158 and 158/1 " Law of February 11, 2019, will be replaced as follows: "Article.161 - The message mentioned in Articles 157 and 157/1 is created in accordance with the pattern specified by the king." Art. 16 - In the same law, an article 161/1 is inserted with the following wording: "Art. 161/1 - The Federation of Finance, represented by the presidential management committee, is the person responsible for the processing - within the meaning of the regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and the Council of April 27, 2016 on the protection of natural personal data on the processing of personal data, the free data traffic and the cancellation of Directive95/46/EC and the law of July 30, 2018 on the protection of natural persons with regard to processing personnel -related data - For the collection and storage of the data obtained in the execution of Article 157 and 157/1Von, their use for the purpose of checking whether the personal administration mentioned therein owe a secure debt, the notification of these debts and the notification of the notaries concerned to ensure that these debts are taken, di e are included in the message and notification mentioned in Article 157 or 158 and in articles 157/1 or 158/1 notification and notification, are kept by the Federation Public Service Finance by December 31 of the year at the latest, which on the vintage, in which the limitation period for all actions takes place that is due to the asserted and fixed tax debts within the meaning of Article 158 and 158/1, which are due to the testator, his heirs and legacy or by the beneficiary of a contractual legification made by the testator, or the collection of liability complaints with regard to the warranty of these debts are necessary and which fall into the responsibility of those mentioned in paragraph 1 for the processing, and in which the amount of the amount related to the full payment may be made and which is related en administrative and judicial proceedings and legal remedies are finally concluded. "Chapter 4 - Modifications of the Code of the Code The amicable entitlement and the forced objection of tax claims and non -tax claims ..17 - 23 - ] Title 3 - Entry -up type. 4 becomes an $ 1, 2020. We manufacture the present law and arrange that it is published with the state seal and by the Belgian State Gazette. De Croomit provided the state seal: the minister of the judiciary