Publication: 2021-04-09NUMAC: 2021201597Federal Public Service Employment, Labor and Social Consultation28 March 2021.-Act granting a right to small leave for employees with a view to receiving a vaccine for protection against the Coronavirus COVID-19 ( 1) Filip, King of the Belgians, to all who are now and will be here, our greeting has accepted the Chamber of Representatives and we ratify what follows: Chapteri. - General provision and scope of application Article 1. This law regulates a matter in Article 74 of the Constitution. Art. 2. This law applies to all employees employers linked by an employment contract. Chapter II. - Right to paid absence of work Art. 3. The employee has the right to be absent from the work, while retaining his normal wage, with a view to receiving a vaccine for protection against the COVID-19. The employee has this right during the time required for the vaccination. The absence of the work referred to is corresponded to an absence of the work the meaning of Article 30, § 1, of the law of 3 July 1978 on the employment contracts. The normal wage for this absence is determined in accordance with the provisions of Article 56 of the same law. To be entitled to the wage, the employee must inform the employer in advance as soon as possible from the time or time slot of the vaccination. He must use the leave for the purpose for which it is permitted. At the request of the employer, the employee to submit proof of this. Submitting the confirmation of the agreement to be present at a certain time at a place where the vaccination is administered applies to sufficient evidence. Insofar as the confirmation does not state when the employee is present in a place where the vaccination is administered, the invitation must be submitted. The employer may only use the information he thus obtains with a view to the organization of work and the care of A correct payroll administration. The employer is not permitted to take a copy of the agreement confirmation or to write the information it contains, with the exception of the time of the agreement. It is the employer SingleoGestaan ​​to register the absence of the employee as a small leave. It is nevertheless the employer to register and/or register the reason for the small leave that the employee has health problems. Chapter III. - Entry into force and temporal effect art. 4. This law works the day on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette and takes place in operation on 31 December 2021. The Koning can, after advice from the National Labor Council, a decision established in the Council of Ministers, the referred to in the first paragraph Date of outer effects postponed at the latest 30 June 2022. Call this law, order that it will be claded with the country's seal and will be announced by the Belgian Official Gazette. Given in Brussels, 28 March2021.filip van Koningswege: the Minister of Work, p. -Y. Dermagnemet's country seal sealed: the Minister of Justice, v. Van Quickenborne_______notakamer of representatives of the people (www.dekamer.be) Pieces: 55 1849/ (2019/2020): 001: bill 002: amendment.003: report.004: Text adopted by the Commission.005: Amendment after report.006: AcPnd taken text .Tegral report: March 25, 2021.