Publication: 2021-06-17Numac: 2021042130federal Public Service Policy and Support 8 June 2021.-circular letter no. 695.-Adjustment of the amount of the kilometer allowance 2021de federal government services and to the services that depend on it, to the Ministry of National Defense, as well as to the Institutions of Public Nuts belonging to the Federal Administrative Public Official Official as defined in Article 1 of the Act of 22 July 1993 containing certain measures on civil servants, Dear colleague, Mrs., Mr, in application of Article74 of the Royal Decree of 13 July 2017 to Determination of the allowances and reimbursements of De Personal Public Members of the Federal Public Ambt, the amount of the kilometer allowance is determined 0.3707 euros per kilometer for the period from 1 July 2021 to 30 June 2022. With the application of Article 3bis of HAT Royal Decree of 24 December 1993 to implement the Law of 6 January1989 to indemnify 's L Ands Competitive power, inserted by the law of 23 April 2015 for improving employment, the index figure of consumption prices is determined in Article 74, §1er, of the aforementioned Royal Decree of 13 July 2017 replaced by the flattened health index. Determined: first part: 80%of the previous kilometer allowance x flattened health index May 2021/flattened health indexion 202020 or 80%of [0.3542 x 108.50/107.84] = 0.28509 EURTWeede part: 20%of the previous kilometer reimbursement X Diesel + gasoline May 2021/Diesel + gasoline May 2020 or20% of [0.3542 x (1.5192 + 1.5186)/(1,2507 + 1.2626)] = 0.08562 EURTotaal amount: 0.28509 EUR + 0 , 08562 EUR = 0.3707 EURDE Minister of Civil Service, p.de SutterPublication: 2021-06-14Numac: 2021042139federal Public Service Public Health, Safety of the Food Chain and Environment 11 June 2021.-Cooperation agreement between the Federal State, the Flemish Community, the French Community, the German-speaking Commission, the Walloon Region and the French Community committee on the operationalization of the Regulation (EU) of the European Parliament and the Council on a framework for the issue, verification and acceptance of interoperable vaccination, test and repair certificates in order to facilitate free movement during the COVID-19 Pandemie ( EU Digital COVID certificate) General Explanation of the Regulation on a framework for the issue, verification and acceptance of interoperable vaccination, test and repair certificate end to facilitate free movement during the COVID-19 Pandemie (EU Digital COVID certificate) (hereinafter the Regulation) Digital C OVID certificate), a framework for the issue, verification of interoperable vaccination, test and recovery certificates regarding COVID-19 is established, in order to make it easier for the holders to make their right of free movement during the COVID-19-Pandemieit to practice ("EU Digital Covid certificate"). Every citizen of the Union has the right to travel and stay free on the territory of the Member States, subject to the limitations of conditions that have been established at the treaties and the provisions for implementation thereof. The facilitation of free movement is one of the most important conditions for an economic recovery. Personsendie have been vaccinated or have undergone a recent negative diagnostic test, or persons who have recovered from COVID-19 in the past months seem to be, according to current scientific knowledge, who are still evolves, a smaller risk of running people with SARS-COV-2. As included in consideration 7 of the Digital Covid certificate Regulation, the free movement of persons who do not pose a significant risk to public health on the basis of sound-scientific evidence, for example because they can be transferred for SARS-COV-2 and cannot transfer this, may be transferred not to be limited, since such limitations would not be necessary to achieve the purified goal. Article 3, paragraph 2, of the EU Regulation EU Digital COVID certificate stipulates that the vaccination, test and repair certificates in COVID-19 are issued in digital form or on paper or in both forms. The candidate holders are the right to receive the certificates in the format chosen. Singalpensive Article3 (3) of the EU Digital COVID certificate Regulation has the holder of a vaccination, test-or repair certificate to request a delivery of a new certificate if the personal data in the certificate is no longer accurate or current, including with regard to the vaccination, test or repair status of the holder, or if the holder no longer has the certificate. The EU Digital COVID certificate Regulation, the authorities that are responsible for the issue of the certificates are considered as controllers within the meaning of Article4 (7) of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Regulation on Data Protection). The Collaboration Agreement of 12 March 2021 Between the federal state, the Flemish Community, the French Community, the German -speaking community, the common Community committee, the Walloon Region and the French Community Commission relevant the processing of data with regard to vaccinations against COVID-19, hereinafter the cooperation agreement of 12 March 2021, regulates the joint information system set up for the invitation of persons for vaccination, for the organization of vaccination and For the registration of the vaccination. The establishment of a joint information system was formulated as a crucial required by the federated entities and federal government. For the support of the invitation of persons for vaccination and the organization of the vaccination, a common information system was necessary to prevent people from being invited uncoordinated or that already vaccinated persons are invited. In addition, the system makes it possible to determine the suitable dosing schemate, including the different doses of a vaccine to be administered (correct intervalin case of vaccine with multiple doses) and ensuring that the vaccination is well organized function of the availability of the required material and (medical) staffThe registration pan vaccinations in a common information system (vaccinnet) by both Flemish, Brussels, Walloon and German -speaking vaccinators was therefore necessary. That database is worked out and managed in very close cooperation between the federated entities and the federal state. That is why it is also advisable to work on the basis of the same operational system for the presentation of the certificates. Article 7 of the aforementioned Collaboration Agreement of 12 March 2021 stipulates that the competent entities or the agencies federated by the competent agencies, and the Federal Government , for their authority, acting as a controller for the processing of the personal data intended in the aforementioned cooperation agreement. In addition, it is specifically about the following entities or agencies: 1 ° for the persons vaccinated on the territory of the Flemish Region or in an institution in the bilingual area Brussels-Capital that has to be considered because of its organization as an institution that belongs exclusively to the Flemish Community: the Agency for Care and Health; 2 ° for the persons for which the French Community is competent: L'Accessede la Nissance et de l'Enfance; 3 ° For the people for which it Walloon Region is competent: L'Agence Wallonne de la Santé, De la Protection Social, Du Handicap et des Familles; 4 ° for the persons for which the Community Commission of Brussels-Capital is competent: Degutian Community Commission; 5 ° for the people for which the French are the French for which the French Community committee of Brussels-Capital is competent: the French Community Committee; 6 ° for the persons for whom German-speaking Community is competent: Ministerium der Deutschsprachigen Gemeinschaft; 7 ° for the persons for which the Federal Government is authorized: sciensano.the entities, named Article 7, 1 Up to and including 6 °, each with regard to their authority, the controller for the data processing in the context of the vaccination data in vaccine, are responsible for the issue of the vaccination certificates stated in Article 3 (1) a) of the Regulation Eigigitaal Covid certificate. Pursuant to Article 9 (4) of the EU Digital COVID certificate, the same entities the controllers for the data processing in the Framework The Vaccination Certificates. Article 2, § 4, of the Cooperation Agreement of 25 August2020 between the Federal State, the Flemish Community, the Walloon Region, the German-speaking community the common community committee on the joint data processing by Sciensanoen the contact centers, which has been federated by the competent entities or by the competent agencies, health inspections and mobile teams in the context of a contact study with the Coronavirus Covid-19 Being infected on the basis of a database at Sciensano stipulates that Sciensanode is the controller of the Database I, stated in Article 6 of the aforementioned cooperation agreement.Sciensano is responsible for the issue of the test and repair certificates, stated i n Article3, paragraph 1, b) and c), of the EU Digital Covid certificate Regulation. Pursuant to Article 9 (4) of the EU Digital COVID certificate Regulation, Sciensano is the controller for the data processing in the framework of the test and restoration certificates. The EU Digital Covid certificate Regulation on the day of its announcement in the public union's publicity page . Digital COVID certificate is binding in all its components and is directly applicable to each Member State. For the issue of the respective certificates appealed on the Agency for Digital Flanders, established by decision of the Flemish Government of 18 March 2016, the establishment of the internal independent Agency for Digital Flanders and the adoption of the operation, management and accounting ING of the Digital Flanders equity. That agency state in for the production and provision of the relevant certificates and the development of an app in accordance with the modalities laid down in the aforementioned regulation. Thus, the release of all certificates at the operational level via the same system. Since DEVERSENDITION comes into effect immediately and thus the certificates must be awarded from then on, all the authorities concerned for the issue of certificates have to make a decision profession on the Digital Flanders AgencyWith the present cooperation agreement, the operational implementation of the EU Digital COVID certificate regulation. It is thus purely internal organizational scheme. The Regulation itself determines the objective, namely free movement of persons, and which data must be processed in that context. In this regard, everything is already certain that the regulation that applies directly and no further implementing provisions regarding processing of personal data requires non-essential journeys abroad are being admitted that false certificates are in circulation, that such illegal practices are much possible as possible It is advisable that pending the entry into force of the Digital COVID certificate Regulation, it is uniformly provided that the citizen involved can view his vaccination or test data in an official form based on his right to inspect the article 15 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation) and that the relevant controllers in question is invoked to the Digital Flanders Agency; so that the agency of the Flemish Government on behalf of and at the expense of entities of other government levels operational its can deliver, the conclusion of a cooperation agreement between all federated entities and the federal state is necessary. The issue, verification and acceptance of interoperable vaccination, test and repair certificates in order for free movement during the COVID-19 Pandemia is easier to easier (EU digital COVID certificate). article 2. The entities stated in Article7, 1 ° up to and including 6 ° , of the cooperation agreement of 12 March 2021 between the Federal State, the Flemish Community, the French Community, the German-speaking community, the common community committee, the Walloon Region and the French Community Commission on the processing of data relating to COVID-19, who each With regard to their authority, the Controller Iken for data processing in the context of the vaccination data in Vaccinnet, are responsible for issuing the vaccination certificates stated in Article 3 (1) (a) of the Eugitalital COVID certificate Regulation. Pursuant to Article 9 (4) of the EU Digital COVID certificate Regulation, the same entities are the controllers for data processing in the framework of the vaccination certificates. Article 3. Sciensano, stated in Article 2, § 4, of the Collaboration Agreement of 25 August 2020 between the Federal State, the Flemish Community, the Waalsegegewest, the German -speaking Community and the Communal Community Commission on the joint data processing by Sciensano and the contact centers designated by the competent entities or the competent agencies, health inspections and mobile teams in the context of a contact with people who (Persons for contact with a contact investigation ( ) With the Coronavirus COVID-19 are infected on the basis of a database bij Sciensano, is responsible for the issue of the test and repair certificates stated in Article3 (1) (1) and (((() Digital Covid Certificate Regulation. Pursuant to Article 9 (4) of the EU Digital COVID certificate Regulation, Sciensano is the controller for data processing in the framework of the test and repair certificates. Article 4. Pursuant to the entry into force of the EU Digital COVID certificate regulation from the day of its announcement, is For the operational performance of the aforementioned regulation by the authorities responsible for the delivery, the respective certificates appealed to the Digital Flanders Agency, established by the Flemish Government Decree of 18 March 2016 containing the establishment of the internal automatic agency digital Flanders and the adoption of the operation, management and accounting of their own wealthy Flanders. That agency is taxed as a processor for the production and posting of the relevant certificates in accordance with the modalities laid down in the aforementioned Regulation. In this way, the issue of all certificates at the operational level is done via the same system. The certificates can be requested via various digital government counters and delivered to the format by the person concerned.The E-Health platform, stated in Article 2 of the Act of 21 August 2008 establishing and organization of the EHealth platform and various provisions, charges the Digital Flanders Agency with the development of an application on the basis of which the respective certificates are digitally readable In accordance with the EU Digital COVID certificate. Article 6 stipulates that pending the entry into force of the EU Digital COVID certificate Regulation, the entities stated in Articles 4 and 5, instructed the Digital Flanders Agency to give the person concerned access and access in an official form of its vaccination data, stated in article 3, § 2, of the cooperation agreement of 12 March 2021, and test data, stated in Article6 of the cooperation agreement of 25 August 2020. article 7. Article 7 provides that the Flemish Community as a purchasing center within the meaning of Article 2, 6 °, a), of the law of 17 June 2016 on government contracts centralized purchasing activities and additional purchase activities may be intended for the parties to this cooperation agreement and serve for the operational implementation of the assignments stated in Articles 4 to 6.artikel 8. Article 8 regulates The settlement of disputes between the parties by a cooperation court. article 9. Article 9 DRA Agtde Interministerial Conference on Public Health to supervise the implementation and compliance with the provisions of this cooperation agreement and to propose adjustments. Article 10. Article 10 contains an entry into force provision and regulates the elaboration in time.11Juni 2021. - Cooperation agreement between the federal State, the Flemish Community, the French Community, the German -speaking community, the common community committee, the Walloon Region and the French community committee on the operationalization of the Regulation (EU) of the European Parliaments The Council on a framework for the issue, verification and acceptance of Interoperable vaccination, test and repair certificates in order to facilitate free movement during the COVID-19 Pandemie (EU Digital COVID certificate) in view of the Regulation (EU) of the European Parliament and Deraad regarding a framework for issuing, verification and acceptance of interoperable vaccinati e, test and repair certificates in order to facilitate free movement during the COVID-19 Pandemie (EU Digital COVID certificate); Having regard to the Regulation (EU) of the European Parliament and the Council on a framework for the delivery, verification and acceptance of interoperable vaccination, test and recovery certificates for third-country nationals who stay legally in the territory of the Member State Wonen or during the COVID-19 Pandemie (EU-COVID-19 certificate); in view of the Regulation (EC) Nr. 2016/679 of the European Parliament and the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons in connection with the processing of personal data and on the free movement of that data and withdrawing the Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation), Article 15; In view of the special law of 8 August 1980 for the reform of the institutions, Articles 5, § 1, I, 87, § 1, and 92bis; predominant the cooperation agreement of 25 August 2020 Between the Federal State, the Flemish Community, the Walloon Region, the German speaking community and the common Community Commission, concerning the joint data processing through Sciensano and the entities federated by the competent agencies or by the competent Agencies, Health Inspections and Mobile Teams in the context of the framework of a contact in person (presumably) with the Coronavirus COVID-19 are infected on the basis of a database at Sciensano, Article 2, § 4; Considering the Cooperation Agreement of 12 March 2021 between the Federalestate, the Flemish Community, the French Community, the German-speaking community, the Common Committee Committee, the Walloon Region and the French Community Commission on the processing of data with regard to vaccinations against COVID-19, Article 4, § 2, 11 °, and Article 7; predominantly law of 31 December 1983 to reform the institutions for the German-speaking community , a RTIKEL4, § 2; Certainly the decision of the United College of the Common Community Commission Man 23 April 2009 on Prophylaxis against transferable diseases; containing reform of the Office de la Naissance et de l'Enfance, Outlordo.n.e, Article 2, § 28 °; Considering the Decree of 18 February 2016 of the Fransgemenschap Commission on the Health Promotion; Considering the fact that the Communities Regions are generally competent for health policy; ; Platform and various provisions, Article 2; Considering the Decree of 13 July 2012 containing the establishment and organization of a Flemish service integrator, Article 3; Considering the Decree of the Flemish Government of 18 March 2016 containing the establishment of the internal independent agency Digital Flanders and the adoption of the operation, management and accounting of equity Digital Flanders; whereas the decision of the Flemish Government of 16 May 2014 containing various provisions to implement the Decree of 21 November 2003 on the preventive health policy and to amend the implementing decisions of this decree; predominant the ordinance of 19 July 2007 on the preventive health policy; predominant the decision of the United College of the common community committee of 23 April 2009 relevant the prophylaxis against transferable diseases; Law for Reforming Institutions to the various power levels were granted thanks to an intense collaboration in the lap of the interministerial conference that fits in with a long tradition of cooperation within the interministerial concepts Public health between the various levels of authority of Onland; whereas it is important to be able to exercise the right of free movement between the EU countries during the COVID-19 Pandemie; , the French Community, the German-speaking Community, the Joint Community Commission, the Walloon Region and the French Community Commission concerning data relating to vaccinations against COVID-19 Already regulates a joint information system set up for the invitation of persons for vaccination, for the organizational man the vaccination and for the registration of the vaccination. The establishment of a common information system was a crucial requirement formulated by the federated entities and federal government. The registration of vaccinations in a common information system (vaccinnet) through Flemish, Brussels, Walloon as German -speaking vaccinators, was therefore necessary. This database is elaborated and managed in very close cooperation between the federated entities and the federal stateThat is why it is also recommended to work on the same operational system for the presentation of the certificates; to facilitate during the COVID-19 Pandemie (EU Digital COVID certificate) enters on the day of its announcement in the Official Journal of the European Union; predominantly the Regulation (EU) regarding a framework for the delivery, verification and acceptance of interoperable vaccination -, test and repair certificates in order to make free movement during the COVID-19-Pandemie (EU Digital COVID certificate) with regard to the relevant data processing Alles, such as the objective, namely free movement of persons, and which data in the framework must be processed And that those provisions directly from application NG and no further selection provisions on the processing of personal data require; on the Digital Flanders Agency, established by Decree of the Flemish Government of 18 March 2016 containing the establishment of the internal independence Digital Flanders and the adoption of the operation, management and accounting of Digital Flanders; be admitted and it is determined that false certificates are in circulation, that to avoid such illegal practices as much as possible, it is advisable that pending the entry into force of the EU Digital Covid certificate Regulation, on Unif Orme is foreseen that the involved citizen can view his vaccination or test data in an official form on the basis of his right to inspecting Article 15 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation) and this by the relevant responsible for this The agency digital Flanders is being used; , represented by the Federal Government, in the person of Alexander De Croo, Prime Minister, and Frank Vandenbroucke, Vice-Prime Minister and Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health; the Flemish Community, represented by the Flemish Government, in the person of Jan Jambon, Mini star president of the Flemish Government and Flemish Minister of Foreign Affairs, Culture, ICT and Facility Management, and Wouter Beke, Flemish Minister of Welfare, Public Health, Family and Poverty Reduction; The French Community, represented his Government, in the person of Pierre-Yves Jeholet , Prime Minister and Bénédicte Linard, vice-presidents Minister of Child, Health, Culture, Media and Women's Rights and Valérie Glatigny, Minister Voorhoger Education, Education for Social Promotion, Scientific Research, University Hospitals, Youth Care, Justice Homes, Youth, Sport and the Promotion of Brussels; the Walloon Region, represented by his government, in the person of Elio Di Rupo, Prime Minister of the Walloon Government and ChristieMorreal, Vice-Minister of the Walloon Government and Minister of Work, Health, Socialaction, Equal opportunities and women's rights; the German -speaking community, represented by its government in the person of n Oliver Paasch, Prime Minister and Minister of Local Governments and Financiën Antonios Antoniadis, Vice-Minister President and Minister of Health and Social Affairs, Spatial Planning and Housing; The Joint Community Commission, represented by the United College in the person of Rudi Vervoort, Chairman of the United Collegen Alain Maron and Elke van den Brandt, members in charge of health and well-being; the French Community Commission, represented by his college in the person of Barbara Tracht, Prime Minister charged with Depromotion of Health and Alain Maron Minister charged with Social Welfare and Health; article1For the purposes of this cooperation agreement: 1 ° Regulation Eigigitaal COVID certificate: the Regulation (EU) concerning a framework for the issue, verification of interoperable vaccination, test and repair certificates in order to make free traffic during the COVID-19-Pandemie to facilitate (EU Digital COVID certificate); 2 ° Cooperation agreement of 12 March 2021: The Cooperation Agreement of 12 March 2021 between the Federal State, the Flemish Community, the French Community, the German -speaking Commission, the Waalsegewest and the French Commission Commission the processing of data with regard to vaccination states COVID-19; 3 ° the cooperation agreement of 25 August 2020: the cooperation agreement of 25 August 2020 between the federal state, the Flemish Community, the Walloon Region, the German-speaking community and the common community committee on the joint Data processing through Sciensano and the entities federated by the competent entities or by the competent agencies, health inspections and mobile teams in the context of a contact examination at Personendie (presumably) with the Coronavirus COVID-19 are infected on the basis of a database at Sciensano; 4 °; Digital Flanders Agency: The Agency for Digital Flanders, established by decision of the Devlamic Government of 18 March 2016 containing the establishment of the internally independent Agency for Digital Flanders and the adoption of the operation, management and accounting of equity Digital Flanders.art. 2. The competent federated entities or the agencies specified by the competent federated entities stated in Article 7, § 1, second paragraph, 1 ° up to and including 6 °, of the cooperation agreement of 12 March 2021, are responsible for the issue of the vaccination certificates , stated in Article 3 (1), a), of the EU Digital Covid Certificaat.art Regulation. 3. Sciensano, stated in Article 2, § 4, of the cooperation agreement of 25 August 2020, is responsible for the issue of the test and repair certificates stated in Article 3 (1) (b) and c) of the Digital COVID Regulation Certificate.art. 4. The entities stated in Articles 2 and 3, the Digital Flanders agency will tax the EU Digital COVID certificate Regulation on operational level in order to issue the release of the respective certificates in accordance with the aforementioned Regulation.art. 5. The E-Health platform, stated in Article 2 of the Act of 21 August2008 establishing and organization of the EHealth platform and various provisions, charges the Agency Digital Flanders with the development of an application on the basis of which the respective certificate vital is legible are in accordance with the EU Digital Covid certificate regulation.art. 6. Pending the entry into force of the EU Digital COVID certificate Regulation, the entities stated in Articles 4 and 5 give the Digital Flanders Agency to give the person concerned access and access in an official form of his vaccination data stated in Article 3 , § 2, of the cooperation agreement of 12 March 2021, and test data, stated in Article 6 of the cooperation agreement of 25 August 2020.Art. 7. As a purchasing center within the meaning of Article2, 6 °, a), the Flemish Community can perform additional purchase activities that are intended for the parties for the operational performance of the Assignments stated in Articles 4 to 6.Art.8. The disputes between the parties in this cooperation agreement with regard to the interpretation or the implementation of this cooperation agreement are submitted to a partnership, in the sense of Article 92bis, § 5 of the special law of 8 August 1980 for the reform of the institutions. respectively referred to by the Council of Ministers, the Flemish Government, the Government of the French Community, the Government of the German -speaking Community, the United College of College The Community Commission, the Walloon Government and the College of the French Community Commission. The Federal State, the Flemish Community, the French Community, the German -speaking Community, the Common Community Commission, the Walloon Region and the French Community Commission.art. 9. § 1. Interministerial conference interpretation health supervises the implementation and compliance with this cooperation agreement and, if necessary, makes proposals for adjustment forAlso, the Interministerial Conference Public Health and Mediation Function Practices In the context of this Collaboration Agreement Before disputes are submitted a partnership as determined in Article 8. § 2. The Interministerial Conference Molks Health comes together as soon as a party requests the cooperation agreement. This cooperation agreement comes into effect on 16 June 2021. This cooperation agreement is in effect on the day that the EU Digital COVID certificate regulation no longer applies in accordance with Article 15 of the EU Digital Covid Certificate Regulation in Brussels, on 11 June 2021 in one original copy. The Prime Minister, a. The Creroodevice-first minister and Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health, f. Vandenbrouckedeminister President of the Flemish Government and Flemish Minister of Foreign Affairs, Culture, IT Enfacilitarian Management of the Flemish Government, J. Jambonde Flemish Minister for Welfare, Public Health, Family and Poverty Reduction of the Flemish Government, w. Confident Prime Minister of the French Community, P.-Y. Jallessed vice-president and minister of child, health, culture, media and women's rights, b. Linarde Minister for Higher Education, Education for Social Promotion, Scientific Research, University Hospitals, Youth Care, Justice Houses, Youth, Sport and the Promotion of Brussels, v. Glatignyte Prime Minister of the Waalssekegering, e. Di Rupode Vice-Minister President and Minister of Work, Training, Health, Social Action, Equal Opportunities and Women's Rights of the Walloon Government, Ch. MORREATDEMIN STUND STORY and Minister of local authorities and finances of the German-speaking community, o.paaschde vice-minister president and Minister of Health and Social Affairs, Spatial Ordinance and Housing of the Government of the German-speaking Community, a. Antoniadisdevoorzitter of the United College of the common community committee, r. Vervoorthet member of the United College of the common community committee, charged with health and welfare, a. Maronhet Member of the United College of the Common Community Commission, charged with Health and Welfare, e. Van den Brandtde Prime Minister charged with the promotion of health, b. True Minister, member of the Board taxed Met School Welfare and Health, a. MaronPublication: 2021-06-21Numac: 2021042150Federal Public Service Home Affairs 4 June 2021.-Ministerial Decree amending the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19. - Addenduminhet Belgian Official Gazette No. 156, second edition, of Friday 4 June 2021, page 56940, the official advice of the Council of State is added. Council of the State Department of the legislative advice 69,444/VR of 31 May 2021 on a draft ministerial decision `Keeping amendment of the ministerial decision of 28 October 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19TE on 26 May 2021, the Council of State, Division Legislation, has been requested by the Minister of Interior cases, institutional reforms and democratic renewal within a period from five-working days extended to eight working days (*)* to provide an advice on a draft ministerial decision `, amending the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 United Chambers investigated on 31 May 2021. The United Chambers were composed of Pierre Vandernoot, Chamber President, Chairman, and Wilfried van Vaerenbergh, Chamber President, Jeroen van Nieuwenhove, Koen Muylle, Patriconvaux and Christine Horevoets, State Councils, Jan Velaers, Sébastien van Drooghenbroeck, Christian Behrendten Johan Put, Drapier, Gravestier, and Gravesier, and Sessaries, and Griffier, and Griffier, and Griffier, and Griffier, and Gluifier, and Gluiffier, and Gluiffier, and Sessarie, and Sessarie, and Gluifier, and Sessarier, and Sessarie. The report is prepared by Xavier Delgrange, first auditor department, Jonas Riemslagh, auditor, Cedric Jenarten Anne Stéphanie Renson, Deputy Auditeurs, and released by Jonas Riemslagh, auditor, Cedric jenarten Anne STéphanie and the accord of the French and the accord of the French and the accord of the France and the Conforms between the French and the Frashanie and the Conforms of France and the Formanie, and the Conforms of France and the Formanie, and the Conforms of France and the Formanie and Anne. The Dutch text of the advice was checked under the supervision of Pierre Vandernoot and Jeroen van Nieuwenhove. The advice, the text of which follows below, was given on 31 May 2021.autive Article 84, § 3, first paragraph, of the Wetten on the Council of State , coordinated on January 12, 1973, Department of legislation had to limit itself to the investigation of the authority of The author of the action, of the legal basis, as well as the question of whether the formal requirements to be fulfilled has been met. The draft ministerial decision submitted for advice to the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 of 28 October 2020 `containing urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19. Council of Ministers of 25 May 2021 The scope of the draft will follow: "In outline, the following measures enter into force from 9 June 2021, under the specific and explicit conditions as determined in the Ministerial Decree:-the establishments that belong to the cultural, Festive, sporting, recreational and event sector can be opened. However, the discos and dancings remain closed to the public, except for the organization of the activities admitted in accordance with the ministerial decision; events, cultural and other performances, sporting competitions and training and congresses be able to attend by an audience, with di and understand that outside more people are admitted outside than inside-units on public roads and in public spaces during the day for a maximum of 10 people (where you do not have to keep a distance within groups of 4), except for the forescent units; Coments between 0.00 am and 5.00 am expanded from 3 to 4 people, in order to obtain clear and clearly set of rules; In the private space, gatherings are admitted to 50 persons, subject to the foreseen exceptions-civil marriages, funerals cremations, individual and collective exercise of worship and individual and collective exercise of the non-infessional moral services and activities within a philosophical-lifevel care association, and and of activities, and The individual or collective visit to a building for worship or a building Voorniet-confessional moral services is permitted with a higher number of attendees, with this way more people are admitted than inside- indoor Horeca is admitted to 10:00 pm, Outdoor Horeca may be opened stay until 11.30 pm; The prohibition on the sale of alcoholic beverages between 10:00 pm and 05h00 will be lifted. Indoor Horeca may only remain open until 10:00 pm as the chance of spreading the virus inside is greater than outside. At a reception or banquet, in the context of a professional catering activity, a maximum of 50 customers is permitted, unless it concerns an open terraceReceptions and banquets may also be organized at home for a maximum of 50 people, on the subject of them continue outside and end up at 11:30 pm at the latest. If professional catering activities are practiced, the catering rules must be complied with, except for home services. In the event of the catering rules, compliance with the catering rules is highly recommended. Annual fairs, fairs, fairs and non-professional brocante and flea markets can now be again taken;-the possibilities for participating in activities in organized context are expanded on 9 June and 25 June 2021;- Professional sporting competitions and professional sports training can take place without limiting the number of participants; A maximum number of people may participate in non-professional sporting competitions and non-professional sports training sessions (with the mind that outside more people are admitted than inside); Non-professional sporting competitions of combat sports prohibited, insofar as there are physical contacts between the participants;- companies offering goods or services to consumers may receive groups of maximum people in principle- house- home and leurders activities are admitted, In this way, home and services for services where the distance of 1.5 meters between the service extension the consumer cannot be guaranteed-- trade fairs, including salons, his attitations,- a household can receive a maximum of four people at the same time in the home or in a tourist logs - a maximum number of participants may, both static and dynamic demonstrations that take place on public roads;- companies, associations and services may schedule-restricted return moments for persons working in the company for whom telethuiswork work is obliged. n Essential is the fight against the pandemic, the exception to have a negative test results. Whether the preceding residence abroad did not last longer than 48 hours, not applicable to the persons who were open at the time before their arrival in Belgium on the territory of Brazil, South Africaof India. "II. Ont...nkeliness2. According to Article 84, §1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws `on the Council of State ', coordinated on January 12, 1973, the Reasons for advice must be given to support its emergency. Returned as follows: "The request for emergency handling is motivated by the necessity to consider measures based on epidemiological results that evolve from day to day and of which the latter have justified the measures to be justified during the consultation committee that gathered on 11 May 2021 and that were approved by the Council of Ministers of 25 May 2021. It is therefore urgent to take certain measures in the short term and adjust others. The first series of relaxation will come into effect on 9 June 2021. If the sectors could prepare, it must be ministerial However, it decides to be officially published in the Belgian a sufficient number of days before Isch Official Gazette. From that Optiekzou I would like to ask you to give us the advice in the course of Wednesday 2 June 2021. "Diemotiving can be accepted, as was also the case in advice 69.253/AV of April 23, 2021 (1) and Inadvies 69.305/AV of 6 May 2021. (2) According to Article 84, § 1, second paragraph, of the Laws of the Council of State, the statement of reasons for the urgency that appears in the request for advice must be copied in the preamble in the eighth paragraph of the preamble However, only the first part of the statement of reasons that is included in the request for advice is taken into account. Consequently, the statement of reasons that the preamble of the design is displayed does not correspond to the justification in the request for advice, which must be remedied. Legislation is consulted for the third time on an adjustment of a number of existing measures to combat the coronavirus, contained in the ministerial decision of 28 October 2020 `containing urgent Measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 ". To the reasons that have already been set out in the recommendations 69.253/AV and 69.305/AV is the current changes to the Ministerial Decree of 28 October the current investigation conducted by the Council of State 2020(3) In view of the very limited advice period, in any case, in any case that the fact that no comment is made about one or the other provision of the design does not mean that these provisions are non -criticism or for improvement. The silence of the legislation on that provisions jug is not used to explain the draft decision in one way or the other. For the preamble of the draft, legal basis is sought in:- Article4 of the law of 31 December 1963 `concerning civil protection ';- Articles 11 and42 of the law of 5 August 1992` on the police officer'- Articles 181, 182 and 187 of the Act of 15 May 2007 `concerning civil security '. It concerns the same legal grounds, which is referred to in the preamble of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 itself, as well as the various ministerial decisions to amend that decision, including the Ministerial Decree of 24 April 2021 on which the Legislation Division has issued advice 69,253/AV and the Ministerial Decree of 7 May 2021 on which Advies 69,305/AV was issued. As also in the advice 69,253/AVEN 69.305/AV was noted, (4) the falls the Ask the extent to which delegations are possible by the legislator to the minister's time, in principle outside the investigation of this request for advice. Questions have been asked about this to the Constitutional Court. (5) As long as the Court of Appeal has not set itself a unconstitution, it is in principle based on the provisions of the legislator, although of course they still have to be interpreted.5 . Asked to designate the legal basis for each part of the draft, the authorized overview per article, but was only referred to in general terms to all provisions mentioned in the prospective provisions: "The measures taken are police measures within the meaning of the law of 5 August 1992 on the police officer, measures within the meaning of Article 4 of the Act of 31 December 1963 relevant the civil protection and measures within the meaning of Articles 181 and 182 of the Act of 15 May 2007 on civil security. "6. With regard to the legal basis, of the council of State in the advice 69,253/AV and 69.305/AV pointed out, among other things:- The importance of distinction between the various quoted legal soil provisions, in particular with regard to the legal basis for the sanction in the event of violation of the involved measure; (6)- the "controversy home in the doctrine and in case law, which is the cause of any legal uncertainty" with regard to "the existence, in those different texts, of an adequate legal basis for determining, by ministerial decisions, of the current measures in the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie "; (7)-the fact that in that context the minister has taken the initiative for the Interior to establish a design of" Pandemie Act "(8) that is intended to do so to provide a clear and coherent legal framework in order to better deal with "epidemic emergency situations" in the future, in the sense as defined in that bill p. (9) In the light of those elements, among other things, the Council of State has noticed the following in the aforementioned advice: "From what precedes the existing legal grounds that the minister is explicitly responsible for the Interior of the authority to act in the matter, appears to be derived, of course subject to a single -language constitutional test of the delegation to the minister who must carry out the Constitutional Court in this regard [...] and subject to a final judgment by the Administrative Jurisdiction of the Council of State or by the Court of Cassation on the scope of the legal basis of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020, that the intervention of the minister is competent for the Interior in the Coronapandemia that may in principle be accepted on the basis of the one or the other acceleration ground or a combination of These different legal grounds, including the measurement, can be taken are qualified as a prohibition or travel prohibition, whereby it is still permitted to go to a certain place if the survival of one or more conditions or modalities is still permitted to go to a certain place. "(10) With regard to the legal basis for description in case In advice from the relevant measure was 69305/AV The following explained: "It is considered that Article 26 of the Ministerial Decree to be changed of 28 October 2020 is as follows:` Institutions of the provisions of the following articles are curbed with the penalties determined by Article 187 of the Act of 15 May 2007 on civil security:- Articles5 to 11, with the exception of the provisions relating to the relationship between the employers the employee;- Article 13, with the exception of the provisions relating to derelation between the employer and the employee , and on the obligations of the competent municipal government; articles 14, 15, 15bis, 19, 21 and 25. 'The sanction provided for in the first paragraph of Article 187 of the Act of 15 May 2007 in the event of `[W] applies claim or omission to behave according to the Maat Regelendie in application of Articles 181, § 1, and 182 were ordered '. Since it is not up to the ministere cover to work out the scope of that provision or limit, the minister himself seems to be of the opinion that the parts of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 that are listed in the quoted article 26 are found in (among other things) Article 182 of the Act of 15 May 2007 (11), While the components that fall outside that list cannot find a legal basis in that provisions of the law. The authorized representatives explained the following: "The provisions that are not sanctioned Article 26, their legal basis will find in Article 11 of the Police Officer Act. These provisions are often linked to other legislation whose compliance is checked by other authorities (such as legislation in connection with well -being at work) or that refer to other authorities of the federal, regional or local government. Incidentally, compliance with some provisions that were not recovered in Article 26 is very difficult to control and therefore also little sanctionable on the site. DIY:- Articles 5 to 11 concern the conditions under which certain commercial matters can be delivered, goods and services can be delivered and can be supplied and Such lake. In the event of non -compliance with these rules, a sanction will be in accordance with art. 26 Follow;- Art. 12 concerns a provision with regard to the local government, which cannot be sanctioned in accordance with art. 26; Article 13, with the exception of the provisions that relate to the relationship between the employer and the employee, and to the obligations of the competent municipal government;- Articles 14, 15, 15bis concerned obligations of the citizen who are sanctioned in accordance with art. 26; Article 16 is a provision-vent for the local government;- Article 18 determines the modalities under which an event as determined can be organized in Article 15. A violation of Article 18 can in itself be sanctioned, if Article 18 is not respected, this will lead to a violation of Article 15 '. ”(12) 7. Subject to the awarded the equally cited elements and of what is noticed, can be assumed that the changes of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 contained in the draft may be deemed to be found in the legal provisions that are retrieved in the first to third paragraph of the preamble of the draft. After all, they may be considered an arrangement in which the parties involved are obliged "to remove itself from places or regions" or where "any relocation or any traffic of the population" is prohibited, whereby in many cases such a place or relocation ban several conditions are linked. It must therefore not be investigated or the designed provisions find the legal basis in other provisions.8.1. The designed Article 6, § 2, first paragraph, 1 °, Of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 (Article3 of the draft), as a condition for the professional exercise of catering activities, except for the case of home services, lies, among other things, that "a suitable training" must be provided to staff members. The designed Article 8, § 1, first paragraph, 1 °, (Article 5 of the draft) and the designed Article 15, § 4, fifth paragraph, 1 °, (Article 11 of the draft) contain a similar settlement. Also provide for the obligation for customers, visitors, attendees, staff and third parties "in time and clearly visible about the applicable prevention measures [to inform]". Such an obligation can still be considered as a condition with regard to a place or relocation prohibition within the meaning of Article 182 of the Act of 15 May 2007 `Civil security concerned 'The obligation on the basis of the establishments involved, managers to provide an appropriate training to their employees, however, extends further and shows insufficient related to the concrete action or activity that is regulated with the eye on the limitation of the distribution of the Coronavirus and has as if Such no direct impactop the civil security. The fact that the training provided can have a beneficial effect on the other conditions of the other conditions, as explained by the representatives, does not detract from dievast. On Article 4 of the Act of 31 December 1963 "concerning the civil protection" and Article 11 of the law of 15 August 1992 "on the police office". Nor will the OMPRIED Measure as referred to in Article 181 of the Act of 15 May 2007.8.2. Insofar as a provisions designed can be considered as obligations on the part of employers with the eye of the well -being of employees in the execution of their work, the legal basis could be found in Articles 4, 5 and 6 of the Law of 4 August 1996 ` The well -being of the employee at the execution of their work ', but since those legal provisions with regard only delegations to the royal grasp, the aforementioned provisions regarding the training of staff members could find ankle gang if they are included in a Royal Decree. (13 ) In addition, the question arose as to whether those legal provisions are sufficient as a legal basis, now that in the designed Article15, § 4, paragraph 5, 1 °, of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 (Article 11 of the design) is mentioned of the term "Staff members" in a context where there is not necessarily a working relationship, such as with religious ceremonies and BI J sporting activities. If such situations are not pertinent legal basis available - which the Council of State cannot check within the limited time on which it cannot consider himself - that provisions can be passed on to the extent that they relate to those situations.9. Article 15, 2 °, 4 ° and 5 °, of the present draft aims to amend the obligations in connection with the Passengerlocator Form (PLF) stated in Article 21 of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020. That article 21 carries a Processing of personal data in which the principle of legality that results from Article22 of the Constitution must be observed. On the scope of that principle, the general meeting of the legislation on advice 68,936/AV of 7 April 2021 has recently noticed the following: "Pursuant to Article 22 of the Constitution, it applies to each processing of personal data, more generally, for each violation of the right to private life that the formal principle of legality (14) must be observed. Private life, it guarantees to every citizen that no interference that law can take place than under rules adopted by a democratically elected meeting. A delegation to another power is not in violation of the principle of legitimacy as far as the authorization is sufficiently accurately defined and related has on the execution of Maatr Egelen whose `Essential elements 'has been determined by the legislator in advance (15) The` essential elements' of the processing of personal data in the law itself must therefore be laid down. In that context, the legislation is of the opinion that regardless of the nature of the relevant matter, the following elements in principle "essential elements" ": 1 °) the category of processed data; 2 °) the category of persons involved; 3 °) the objective with the processing naggeon; 4 °) the category of persons who have access to the data processed; and 5 °) the maximum period for storing the data. "(16) in advice 68,978/VR of 16Maart 2021 had the legislation Already pointed out that the data processing in the context of the Passenger Locator Former was not fully observed. That advice shows the following: "That gap should therefore be supplemented, depending on the choice of the federal government, either in the law either in the cooperation agreement, to be clearly granted, to clearly specify all categories of data that are with HetPLF collected and processed in the PLF data database "(17) Article 7 of the Five delay, of the Cooperation Agreement of 24 March 2021 between the Federal State, the Flemish Community, the Walloon Region, the German -speaking Community and the Joint Community Committee `Data transfer from necessary data to the federated entities, the local authorities or police services With the aim of maintaining the compulsory quarantine or testing of the travelers coming of foreign zones for whom a quarantine or testing is mandatory on arrival in Belgium 'Luidt as follows: "The PLF database in its entirety finds its legal basis in the article 23 of the International Health Regulations (IHR) of the WHO ". Article 23 of the International Health Regulation of the World Health Organization reads as follows:" Art. 23.1. With due observance of applicable international similarities and relevant articles of this regulation, a state that is for the benefit of public health at Arrival or departure hey the following desire: a) with regard to travelers: i) Information regarding the destination of the traveler so that Methem or her contact can be contacted; II) Information regarding the travel route of the passenger end to determine whether it is in or in the vicinity of a has traveled or has had any other contacts with an infection or infection source prior to the arrival, as well as the health documents of the traveler if these are required under this regulation; and/oriii) a non-invasive medical examination that investigates the least stress investigation is true public health objective would be achieved; b) Inspection of luggage, freight, containers, means of transport, goods, mail packages and material remains.2. Based on proof of the existence of a public health risk that has been collected by means of the measures provided for in the first paragraph of this article, or through other means, states that party its additional health measurement tarts, in accordance with this regulation, in particular, with regard to to a suspect or a -found traveler, from case to case, the least stressful and invasive medical investigation where public health objective of the prevention of the international distribution of disease would be realized.3. Travelers are not subject to a medical examination, vaccination, prophylaxis or health [s] measure pursuant to this regulation without their prior explicit information or that of their parents or guardians, unless provided for in Article 31, second paragraph, and in accordance with the legislation and international obligations of the state that is party.4. Travelers dieoit pine of this regulation should be vaccinated or must receive a prophylaxis or their parents or guardians, are informed of the risks that are or not to use the prophylaxis related to vaccination or non-vaccination in accordance with The legislation and international obligations of the state that is party. States that are parties, doctors of this requirement point in accordance with the legislation of the State that is party.5. Medical examinations, medical procedures, vaccination or other prophylaxis that are the risk of spreading disease are carried out exclusively on or administered to a traveler in accordance with fixed -upational or international safety guidelines and standards in order to limit such a risk to a minimum. That international law provision is indeed possible that states are establishing a regulation such as those concerning the PLF, but as long as it has not been granted by law, it cannot of course be considered as an internal law rule that provides legal proceedings for a ministerial decision (18) the legislation So can only repeat the conclusion its earlier advice, namely (19) that there is currently no more legal rule rule which data must be communicated via the PLF and processed in the context of the PLF data sofa, in contrast to what the legality legis nsel, resulting from Article 22 of the Constitution. It follows from the foregoing that the processing of personal data, which aims to change the present design, have no legal basis. If it is still in a legal basis, those measures (and their change) must therefore be omitted. Authority10. The legislation department recently noted the following in the aforementioned advice 68,936/AV: "The authority to combat an epidemic emergency is not a authority that is exclusive of one government - the federal, the community or regional - allocated as suchAs the Council Vanstate, the legislation department has already reminded (20) and also reminded during the current COVID-19 Pandemie (21), "every government is responsible for combating a public health crisis inside the limits of its own material powers." (22) (...) In the fight against a epidemic emergency, the federal government can take measures within the framework of its competence:- Health policy;- the enforcement of public order, more specific health enforcement in public (sanitary police);- Civil Protections Civil Security-- the control of the external borders;- Sanitary measures in the framework of other federal powers ". (23) In the present case, most of the relaxation measures of the present design fall within the scope of the federal health police powers, civil protection and/or civil security. In connection with the General Meeting of the Legislation Department in thez Eleventh advice 68,936/AV set the following: "32. On the basis of extensive authority on sanitary police, civil protection and civil security, Defederal Government has issued measures in the past that have a major impact on policy domainendie are among the competence of the communities and/or the regions. For example, in the past, the federal government has taken measures in the fight against an epidemic emergency situation such as the closing of educational institutions, prohibiting cultural events or only keeping schools open to allowing cultural events under certain sanitary conditions (number of participants , mouth mask and social distance requirement, etc.). Although these measures have a clear sanitary dimension, they can, because of their radical impact on policy areas of other governments, only be taken by the federal government when the most important aspect of it can be deemed to relate to the sanitary police, in view of their inserts, Civil protection and/or civil security, for which the federal government is competent. It happens to the Council of State that this will be the case lastly if three conditions are met.33. In the first place, the federal government must always answer the proportionality principle in the exercise of its powers. This general principle, which is related to the federal loyalty (24) in Article 143, § 1, is all the more important in this matter as the federal powers on the enforcement of public order (sanitary police), the civilian Protection and civil security are so wide that, by their nature, they can have a major impact on domain ends are among the competence of other governments. A responsible exercise of these powers, in accordance with the principle of proportionality, assumes that the decision of the federal government is a careful consideration of scientific insights, preceding the results of the consideration against an epidemic seal and other way of the fight against an epidemic situation and otherwise Influence in the policy areas that are to the communities and the regional accessories. It happens to the Council of State that the scope that has the principle of proportionality in the doctrine of limitation of fundamental rights, mutatis mutandis, also applies here. It implies that `The government in the light of the nature of the facts in which it supports, must prove of the seriousness of the facts and the circumstances of the case that the measure she is considering is taking a necessary, appropriate and proportional measure : In that respect, it is very particularly important to ensure that there is a sufficiently direct and closely link in the meantime the circumstances and the circumstances of the case and on the other hand the disruption of the public order to prevent the intended police measure In order for the measure to be justified. (25), (26) '34. A second condition is that the federal government, which intends itself, increases a measure that has a direct impact on domains that consult the material competence of the federal hears in advance must commit with those other governments (27). Although such a consultation does not lead to a distance or transfer of authority, it is indispensable to correctly estimate the consequences of the consequences for the policy areas that belong to the competence sphere of the communities and dewesten and thus form a correct picture of the whether or not or not the measures taken. Such a consultation is a condition that must be met in order to be in accordance with the proportionality principleIncidentally, this obligation to commit consultation does not exclude the fact that the federal government, in view of the interdependence of the powers, conducts the consultations in the consultation committee, established at Articles 31 and 31/1 of Degewone Law of 9 August 1980 `to reform the institutions' And about the measures to be taken a consensus to be taken. However, it can happen that, in urgent situations, (28) this consultation cannot take place, because otherwise the effectiveness of the measures to be taken would be affected. If that is the case, the federal government must can be able to justify why it is not possible to commit consultation and then, then, that consultation should start as soon as circumstances allow it.35.The federal government, as a third condition, it must also be strictly limited to what can be fitted in with its powers on sanitary police, civil protection, or civil security and thereby does not proceed to purely the material powers of another government. It is not possible to take measures without a sanitary dimension in the context of combating a single epidemic emergency based on the powers of administrative police, civil protection/or civil security. This way the federal government can. Laying a mouth mask and a social distance requirement in schools and museums, insofar as that is a proportional and necessary measure (edge ​​number 33), and - in extreme circumstances - self -decisions to close it (29). However, it cannot, however, impose alternative regulations for education and for cultural experience, such as the obligation to offer distance education or to provide for an online museum offer, or - reversed - exclude them. After all, such measures cannot be considered as sanitary measures ". (30) In this case, three aforementioned requirements give rise to the following comments:- With regard to the required in case-material proportionality, the preamble of the present design that has been made to the design of the recent scientific data has been preceded; (31)- The required consultation has been met, since the file that has been delivered to the Council of State has been shown, it appears that a consultation is organized within the consultation committee- finally, Deveries measures in which the present fit In the context of what can be considered as sanitary measures can be considered, design provides for the limitation of the noise level raw in Article 3 of the draft (designed Article 6, § 2, 14 °), reference is made to the aforementioned advice 69.305/AV. (32) The other measures that the design wants to change lie within the scope of other material powers that are giving to the federal government, such as those with regard to the control of the external borders. (33) VI. Vormseists11. Since the legal provisions that offer legal basis for the present draft the minister is not authorized for interior cases to deviate from the mandatory preceding formal requirements, die form requirements must in any case be taken into account. In particular, the formal requirements can be the following comments Made.12. Subject to what is made in comment 9, brings Article 15, 2 °, 4 ° and 5 °, of the draft in Article 21 of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020, in particular in the Regulation with regard to the Passengerlocator Form, various changes that relate to the processing of personal data.ikel36, paragraph 4, of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 `Included protection of natural persons in connection with the processing of personal data and relevant free traffic of this data and to withdrawal of directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation) ', read in conjunction with Article 57 (1) (c), consideration 96 of that Regulation and Article 2, second member of the Act of 30 July 2018 `Regarding the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data ', provides for an obligation to the supervisory authority, in this case the GEV Ens Protection Authority referred to in the Act of 3 December 2017 `establishing the Data Protection Authority ', to be consulted in the preparation of a proposal for a National Parliament to be determined by a National Parliament, or a regulatory measure based on it. The advice of the Data Protection Authority must be used recovered before the design can take place.13The designed Article 6, §2, first paragraph, 11 °, of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 (Article 3 of the draft) contained the condition that the staff members wear "a CE marked surgical mouth mask". The designed articles 6, § 2, third paragraph, (Article 3 of the draft) and 8, § 1, third paragraph, (Article5 of the draft) oblige "the use of a CE marked air quality meter (CO2)". Dibs have declared both both The condition regarding the CE marking of the mouth masks if it must be surgical mouth masks will be canceled. The requirements regarding the decline of the air quality meters seem to be considered a technical regulation in the meaning of Article 1 (1) f ), Van Directive (EU) 2015/1535 of the European Parliament and the Council of 9 September 2015 `concerning an information procedure in the field of technical regulations rules concerning the services of the information society '. After all, imposing the use of Cegemarked aircraft means the prohibition of the use of other products that are regularly brought into the trade that are not provided with that marking. The waiting period of (at least) three months before the decided decision can be taken, in which item 6, paragraph 1, of the directive, however, does not apply, in accordance with paragraph 7 of that article, as a Member State for urgent reasons of a serious and unforeseen situation related to the protection of (among other things) of people, in the very short term Technical regulations must work out and determine and introduce this immediately, without consulting. In that case, the notification of the Commission is still required; The announcement must be stated in the announcement. The committee will then express itself as soon as possible about the announcement. When registering with the European Commission, the urgency of its approval must therefore not be explained to account of the prescribed waiting period.14. If the text laid down to the State -Legated Text as a result of the fulfillment of the aforementioned formal requirements would still undergo changes, (34), the amended or added provisions must, in respect of the regulation of Article 3, §1, first paragraph, of the coordinated Laws `On the Council of State ', to the Legislation Department are proposed. General comments. Inscenting of fundamental rights - Propertiness equality15. In the aforementioned advice 69,253/AV, the General Meeting of the Legislation Division has reminded the following: "The Administrative Jurisdiction Division of the Council Vanstate has ruled in its judgment no. 249,904 of 24 February 2021, NV Derby, the following:` teaching parties Requérantes NE Contestent pas que l'r arrêté ministériel Attaqué poursuit un Objectif de Santépublique et qu'il s'agit là d'Al Objectif Légitime. Ainsi que le Relève le Préambule de l'ruRêté Attaqué, La PressionaX des Non Covid-49 Demeure élevée, Le Risque Pourla Santé Publique Persiste et des Compromis Doivent être Faits. La Prolongation de la Mesure de Fermeturedes Bureaux de Paris s'inscrit Dans un Ensemble de Mesures Qui Emportent des AUX EntepraSprises. CES Mesures Sont Prises Afin de Protéger La Santé de la Populationdans des Circonstances Dangereuses. Elles ontes pour Objectif de Ralentir et de Rendre Gérable Larésur Gence et la propagation exponentielle du Coronavirus, compt Tenu également de l'Alease and Dela Circulation de Variatants. De la Sondte, L'R arrêté ministériel Attaqué Consacre Un Nouveau Point d'équilibbredéterminé Par la Partie Adverke, and Tenant compt the l'évolution de la situation sanitaire et notammentde l'évolution du nomre d'fections, des hospitalization Et du taux de reproduction, get the continuer à limiter la propagation du virus. S'Il Prévoit Ainsi Quelques Assouplissements Progressifs, Notamment Pour Les Professions The contact Non Médicales Ou Les Activités Extérieures, Il Impose et Maintientencore De Nombruses Autres Restrictions Afin d'Atteindre Cet équiliber. And CE SENS, Toutes Les MesureSprévues par l'ruité ministériel du 28 Octobre 2020, tel Que Modifié notamment par l'rijkté ministérielattaqué, forment un tout indivisible et indissociable.l'arrêtéraqueiel à countdaqueiel Équilibre Permanent à Trouver Entre, d'Urepart la Prévention de Nouvelles contamines, La Protection du Fonctionement des Hôpitaux et du Secteurde La Santé, et d'Autre Part, La Sauvegarde de Léconic ethre Géncomie. La Partie Advertiser A Opté, Depuis Plusieurs Mois, Pour Une Réouverture Progressive De Certains Sectorsau Regard des Exigences Sanitaires et ÉconomiquesThe Minister of the Interior has a large powderd discretion to seek a balance between separate and often conflicting interests, in order to achieve a decision that serves the general interest and it does not belong to the Council of State Desubbstitting his appreciation to that of the Minister on the strategy to follow within the framework of the management of a Pandemia. (...) Regarding the principle of proportionality, it is necessary to recall the attacked ministerial decree devotes a new point of balance Taking into account the evolution of the health situation and in particular the evolution of the number of infections, hospitalizations, positivity rate and the reproductive rate in order to continue to limit the propagation of the virus and that the attacked arrest provides for some relaxations progressive in particular for medical contacts or external activities, it still imposes and maintains many other restrictionsafin to reach this balance D. All the measures provided for by the ministerial decree of October 28, 2020, as modified in particular by the ministerial decree attacked, therefore form an indivisible and inseparable whole and it is with regard to this set that the proportionality of the Measures. The applicants do not dispute that the ministerial decree attacked pursues a objective of healthy health and that this is a legitimate objective. If it is correct that public health must be understood as well as physical health as mental health, it emerges from the preamble to the decree attacked the opposing party has regarded, within the framework of its appreciation of proportionality From the whole of these measures, to the problem of mental health since it decides to gradually proceed with the reopening of non-medical contact professions whose services will be able to specifically be made to the mental well-being of citizens. Contrary to what the applicant parties support, the opposing party therefore did not, during its appreciation, neglected the mental health of the citizens'.bijhet voorliggende havewerp worden een aanal maatregelen die opgelegd waren bij het minister Besluit 28 OKTOBER 28 2020 VersoEpeld, Maar Worden Ook Verschillende Beperkingen Gehandhaafd. OP Die Wijze Wordtmet Het Voorliggende havenp Ernaar Gestreefd Een Nieuw Evenwicht te Vinden Tussen Enerzijds Het Voorkomenvan Nieuwe Besmettingen En Het Beschermen van de Werking van de Ziekenhuizen en van de gezondheidssector, in Anderzijds Het Vrijware DeadVvieSaanvrager Zal in Het Licht van Het Grondwetonjk Gewaarborgde Gelijkheidsbeginsel in Staat Moetenzijn Om Aan Te Tonen Dat de Onderscheiden Behandelde Categorieën Van Personen, Pet Name in Artikel 2van Het have have, in Een Redelijk verband Dezelfde Algemene OPMERKING (35) KAN, MUTATIS MUTANDAND, Herhaald WORDEN METSTREKkingTOTT HET VOORLIGGEnde Netwerp. Of Steller Van Het Ontwerp Zal Dus Vanuit Het Oogpunt Van De Bij de Artikelen10 EN 11 Van De Grondwet Gewaarborgde Beginselen Van Gelijkheid Behandeling Moeten Kunnen Verantwoorden Die Het Ontwerp Instelt Tousen Vergelijkbare situaties, Maareveneens, in Voorkomend Geval, Verantwoorden dat het havenwerp sites die Nochtans niet Vergelijkbaarzijn, op identieke Wijze Behandelt. (36) 17.1. Zo Kunnen, Zonder Dat Hierbij Volledigheid Wordtbetracht, Verscheidene Verschillen in Behandeling Worden Belicht Die de Steller Van Het Ontwerp Moetkunnen Verantwoorden.17.2. VooreSt Volgt Uit Het Ontworpen Artikel 6, § 2, (ARTIKEL3 van HET ONTWERP) DAT DE BEDRIJVEN Die Behoren Tot De Horecasector, recepties of Banketten Mogen organistrenvoor Maximal 50 Klanten - Of Meer Als Het Gaat Om Reception of Banketten Die Georganiserd Worden (Ontworpen Artikel 6, § 2, VODERE LID) - Mets Dien Verstande Evenwel Dat aan Dein Het Ontworpen Artikel 6, § 2, Eerste Lid, Vermelde Voorwaarden Wordt Voldaan. Die Voorwaardenworden Echter Niet Opgelegd, Maar Louter Aanbevolen, Als Het Gaat Om Dienstverlening Aan Huis.zoalin by Aanhef Gestipuleerd Wordt, Kunnen "Bijvoorbeeld Ook recepties in Banketten opnieuw (...) Plaatsvinden", Moeten " Specifieke Regels (...) Worden Nageleefd, Behalve Bij Dienstverlening Aan Huis "in Wordt" Naleving Van Die Specifieke Regels in Andere Gevallenuitet Sterk (...) Aanbevolen ". Wanneer Het Banket Of Receptie Aan Huis Plaatsvindt - Aldan Niet Met of Medewerking van Een Horecabedrijf -, Zijn de Enige Toepasselijke Voorwaarden Die Welkegeformuleerd Worden in Het Ontworpen Artikel 15, § 7, (Artikel 11 van Het Ontwerp): Het Banketof de receptie Mag Maximal 50 Aanwezigen Tel, Buet Plasvinden 23.30Uur EindigenThus conceived, the present design makes a difference in treatment based on the service (banquet or reception) that is delivered by a company of the catering sectoral then does not take place at home. On the request to give a pertinent accountability in this way that created difference in treatment The representatives answered the following: "We have tried to work out the measures a clear and consistent set of measures, taking into account the epidemiological situation, without losing the feasibility and follow -up of it." However, it cannot be drawn up what reasons the rules to be observed, in their entirety, are only mandatory in the context of Professional Horeca activities that take place elsewhere than at home, since the services provided (namely the organization of banquets and receptions) A priori in both cases are comparable. RP must be able to demonstrate in a more convincing way that, for each of the applicable conditions, that difference in treatment is reasonably responsible.17.3. For the designed Article 8, §1, third paragraph, (Article 5 of the draft), the fitness centers are required to install and use a specific air quality meter meter. This obligation also applies to the catering sector, agreement designed Article 6, § 2, third paragraph, also (Article 3 of the design). However, it does not apply to the other establishments for "indoorsport", nor to establishments that belong to the culture, party, recreation and event sector. The question of a relevant account of this is thus created difference The authorized representatives have answered the following: "In terms of fitness, this is an activity in which a lot of aerosols spread the nature of the activity (which continues without a mouth mask). In the hospitality industry, the attendees talk, eat and drink (without a mouth mask) so that many aerosols can also spread, especially as alcohol can also be consumed. With regard to the establishments of the culture sector, for example, the word mask must be used (except for food or drink), as a result of which the problem of spreading the aerosols there is much less there. The intended measures only apply to the fitness centers and not in other halls for "indoorsport" that could be supposed to be at least a similar situation. Neither, the representatives do not, except for the answer to the cultural sector, specify for what reasons only the intended measures apply to the catering sector and not at other party, recreation and event sectors that could be deemed to be at least in a comparable situation. The stater of the design must be able to demonstrate more convincingly that this difference in treatment is reasonably responsible.17.4.1. The designed Article 15, § 3, (Article 11 of the draft) provides: "§ 3. DEPHOFATEMENTAL SPORTIVE COMPETITIONS AND THE Professional sports training can take place without limiting the number of participants. A maximum of 50 people within or 100 people outside of non-professional sporting competitions and non-professional sports training. In deviation from the second paragraph, the non-professional sporting competitions of combat sports are prohibited. "17.4.2. This is first of all, it follows that there is no limitation of The number of participants in professional sports competitions -training courses, while that number is limited for non -professional sports competitions and training. The request to give a relevant accountability for the Difference in Treating Agents The following answered: "Gradual reporters are introduced It is appropriate for professional athletes in the first instance. "Based on the response of the representatives, it is not clear in the light of the health objective, but not clear what motifs are to justify the achievement difference in treatment. The Stellervan should therefore be possible the design demonstrate that this difference in treatment is reasonably responsible.17.4.3. It then appears that the non-professional competitions for combat sports, in contrast to the other sports disciplines, are prohibited. On the request, a relevant accountability for the difference in treatment that has been created thus created The authorized representatives have answered the following: "Fight sports are par excellence, where there is very intense physical contact, which still means a high degree of a hazard. As a higher degree of vaccination will be achieved, the exception will winThere is a distinction with the professional practice of combat sports, because professional athletes are subject to a very extensive and intensive test schedule, both before and after the competitions. In addition, non-professional training courses for combat sports are indeed admitted, because a training is set within the same sports club within the same group of athletes. This is in contrast to competitions, where athletes who belong to different clubs, mix with each other, which means a clearly greater risk of (uncontrolled) spread of contamination, given the clubs that come into competition often also do not also belong to the same region. "In their answer, however, the representatives do not indicate for what reasons the intended prohibition only applies to combat sports and not on other sports disciplines where there is also intense physical contact (rugby or American football, for example) and who could be deemed at least in a comparable situation. The designer of the design must therefore be able to demonstrate that this difference in treatment reasonably responsible touches between people "(except between the members of the same household), as well as" physical touches of Objects by prohibiting different persons during the activities mentioned in paragraph 4. However, such a prohibition is not imposed for the other activity die are stated in Article 15 or in other articles of the present design. To give a sufficient accountability for the difference in treatment on the request This is thus created, the authorized person answered the following: "The prohibition of touching objects can be justified from an epidemiological point of view, where it is not recommended that an object (eg. a cross) Dooralle participants in a worship would be touched. The ban on physical touches as now designed, could additionally be nuanced by a reference to include the groups of 4, whereby a group of 4 applies during a worship does not have to keep the distance. "With regard to the prohibition on physical touches of objects, the measure in the response of the representatives is justified from the epidemiological position, but in that response, however, it is not to be done for what reasons that prohibition applies to the activities stated in paragraph 4 of Article 15. The Steller of the Design must therefore be able to demonstrate that this difference in treatment is fairly justified. Wathet prohibition on physical touches, the provision in the sense of the meaning proposed by the representatives must be the case.17.6. Various provisions of the present draft Llend boundaries established with regard to the maximum number of people who participate in the intended activities. This is the case, for example, with the demonstrations that take place on the public road, whereby the maximum number of number is set at 100 participants, while up to 200 people may participate in activity relevant worship services that are organized outside (designed Article 15, § 4, third paragraph), while in Article 15, § 5, second paragraph, it is stipulated that up to 400 persons, events, culturalof may attend other performances, congresses or still sporting competitions and training, when it is organized outside. The author of the design must be able to demonstrate that those situations in fact are not too Compare are, or, if they can be compared, that the created difference in the treatment of those situations is fairly justified.b. Exceptions in connection with "the nature of the activity" .18. Several provisions (37) of the present design stretch to deviate from certain health regulations (compliance with the mouth mask obligation, the rules regarding social distancing and of coming together in groups of a maximum of four people) what is "impossible because of the nature of the activity" . Asked to explain it the following examples about this: "" The nature of the activity "means that it is not necessary to respect the distance of 1.5 meters or to wear a mouth mask if this makes it impossible or particularly difficult to to exercise the activity. This is, for example, a singer or singer who is allowed to sing during a performance without a mouth mask or a swimming person while swimming should not wear a mouth mask. This also applies, for example, to footballers' while playing a match, the distance of 1, for example, 5 meters not being able to respect. (..) The maximum number of 4 people are deviated from when, for example, a room is rented to play a football match or do a scout activity. In these cases it is not debit cooling that one must form groups of 4. (...) One may deviate from the maximum number of 4 people if this is impossible because of the nature of the activity. "Unless this is impossible because of the nature of the activity," leaves room for deviations. With a scoutskamp this will indeed not be possible, but for example with a guided walk through the city. "The examples have given the authorized representatives and which do not include more than the above, make it not yet possible for the scope of the concept of" nature of nature the activity "accurately enough to define. Helutop The fact that this scope is co -determining for the question of whether the sanitary measures are deviated from and that sanctions can be imposed if that is not adhered to, is the advisory definition of definition of The cases for which the deviation would apply. It is in any case recommended to include those examples, together with other examples depending on the activities in the issue, to avoid as much as possible that discussions arise about the question or deviated from this or that condition can be due to the alleged inability to meet this, given "the nature of the activity" in Kwes tie.c. The concept of "social distancing" 19. In various provisions of the draft, the concept of "social distancing" (38) is used without it being defined, while legal consequences are attached, including some of the conditions for the application of the ministerial decision's penalty provision of 28 October 2020, as the design of the design would be changed. Neither in the decision to be changed, in which this concept is already used, nor in this design a definition is given. (39) Although in a number of vandie provisions it is specified that under this concept "in particular the preservation of a distance of1, 5 meters "is understood between the persons or groups involved, (40) is not clear from such a dispositive, as it is edited, that the concept of" social distancing "is only defined by that criterion. The uncertainty stems from the fact that this criterion is not systematically reminded and that only "in particular" ("and private" in the French text) is referred to it, which causes the impression that possibly other criteria could be decisive for it concept of "social distancing", while the use of an expression like "namely" that doubts. is dependent on the definition that will thus be included in the Ministerial Decree, the Stellervan must check the draft whether it is therefore advisable to make changes to the passages of the designed provisions in which the concept of "social distancing" is followed one reference to the criterion of the distance of 1.5 meters between the persons or groups involved who may then be will be superfluous, and also in the corresponding passages of the current text of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 that will not be changed in this draft.d. References to protocols, guides, explanations and guidelines 20.1. The designed articles 6, §2, first paragraph, Introductory sentence (Article 3 of the draft), 8, § 1, first paragraph, introductory sentence (Article 5 of the draft), 15, § 2, second paragraph, introductory sentence (Article 11 of the draft) and 15, § 4, fifth paragraph, Introductory sentence (Article 11 of the draft), should be mentioned from rules that must be observed "without prejudice to the applicable protocols". The designed Article 15, § 4, third paragraph, 2 °, and § 5, first and second paragraph (Article 11 of the draft) determines that "the applicable protocol" must be observed. A question regarding the legal question of those protocols The representatives gave the following answer: "The protocols guides form an indicative assessment framework. The protocols and guides can only concrete regulatory measures, as determined in the MB, but are not regulating. Someone can be sanctioned if the measures that lie contained in the MB is not respected. (...) Article 29 of the current Ministerial Decree stipulates that provisions of a protocol or guide that are less strict than the rules of the Ministerial Decree are excluded. "20.2. In various places in the current text of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020. In Advice 69253/AV has already noticed the General Meeting of the Legislation Department on the legal scope of the protocols: "20.2. (...) Although the authorized representative denies the regulatory power of the protocols, it appears that these can concrete regulatory provisions 'concrete' . Moreover, it cannot be seen why the designed Article 29, first -line member, of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 provisions of protocols (or guides) should not apply if they were not abstract and generally binding. Especially the possibility of it designed Article 29, second paragraph, of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 in order to deviate from provisions from the Ministerial Decree for test and pilot projects on the basis of protocols that there is nevertheless a regulatory value of these protocols. The authorized defense also states elsewhere `The Economic Inspectorate checks [...] for compliance with measures arising from the MB (and If necessary, on concrete measures arising from the sector protocols) '. It must also be noted [to] that the exceptions in the designed Article 8, § 4, first paragraph, 2 °, 3 ° and 4 °, and second paragraph, 2 ° (Article 2 of the draft) To perform the prohibition to perform reversal services are accompanied by a reference to "compliance with demodalities foreseen in the applicable protocol" and that the definition itself of the concept of "Protocol" in Article 1, 3 °, of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 reports of the 'rules to be applied'.20.3. That ambivalence must be lifted. After all, one: either having protocols are not orders [and] d character, but then the concretisations they hold are not binding, the protocols cannot differ from the ministerial decision, and its compliance cannot be controlled and enforced by setting a criminal proceedings in the event of non-compliance; either well the protocols are regulatory and the measures that they are intangibly binding, but then to be included in decisions of the authorized government. "This remark, which was repeated by the general meeting 69,305/AV, (41) Also applies to the currently designed provisions. Incidentally, it is not sufficient, as the authorized representatives, that the non-compliance with die-protocols cannot lead to criminal sanctions, so that they are actually not a regulatory character. Nor is Article 29 of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 sufficient , that means that the provisions of a protocol or a guide that are less strict than the rules of this decision are left outdoor application, to be able to decide that they are not regulatory. Even more, various provisions designed means that those protocols loose of the ministerial decision of October 28, 2020, have its own valid power, because otherwise H would The use of the term "without prejudice" being meaningless. The Council of State must therefore establish that the ambivalence eye criticized by him has not been remedied, but on the contrary.20.3. These comments also apply to the "guide for the opening of the trade", (42) to which reference is made to the designed Article 13, third paragraph, (Article9 of the draft), as well as for the "CIRM capacity" that is mentioned in the designed Article15, § 5, first paragraph, (Article 11 of the draft - see also comment 40) .21.1.Luidens The designed Article 2, § 1bis (Article 1, 2 °, of the draft) may "enterprise, associations and services for the persons working in the company, regardless of the nature of their employment relationship, for which telet homework is mandatory, schedule return moments on a voluntary basis, provided that the rules referred to in paragraph 2 and under the strict conditions listed in the Declaration of 7 May 2021 of the social partners of the Supreme Court for Prevention and Protection at the work and the National Labor Council [about the return moments for teleworkers] ". asked about the legal value of this statement of 7 May 2021 The authorized representatives clarified that it concerns a statement of all social partners in the Supreme Court of Prevention and Protection at the Work and the National Labor Council, (43), which by including the referral to it in the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 a "legal basis" would get.21.2. However, such a statement cannot be legally binding by the mere (even static) reference to a rule of law, if only because the Tekstevo was not announced in accordance with the general legal principle expressed in Article 190 of the ConstitutionMoreover, the statement concerned has not been formulated as a rule of law, as is apparent from the passage in which it is stated that "[D] e social partners ask that debt authorities take into account this above statement when they decide to leave return moments for these employees that are subject to the compulsory telework ". In addition, declaration of 7 May 2021, in turn, refers to documents such as "the generic guide, possibly supplemented with measures from the sector guide". The stater of the design must therefore include the conditions for the return moment in the design itself, rather than to Stuffed with a reference to a statement stating those conditions in a manner that is inconsistent with the formulation of legal rules. As is the mention of the "generic guide" and the "sector guide" referred to the comments 20.1 to 20.3.22.1. Under the designed articles 8, §1, first paragraph, 4 °, (Article 5 of the draft) and 15, § 4, fifth paragraph, 4 °, (Article 11 of the design), the establishment organizes itself in such For example, organized "data units are avoided and that the rules of social distancing can be respected, also with regard to the persons waiting outside the establishment, if necessary in accordance with the rules of the competent government". The authorized representatives: "Within the framework of his powers-determined (non-binding) instructions, every competent authority can give instructions to organize the activities in such a way that the rules of social distancing can also be respected for the persons who are outside the design or the buildings are waiting. (For example, ground markings), the local authorities (based on of articles 133 and 135, § 2 of the new Municipalities Act of24 June 1988) (binding) police measures to indemnify public order. Art. 135, §2, 5 ° also specifies the authority in the context of controlling epidemics: `5 ° taking appropriate measures to prevent disasters and pests such as fire, epidemics and epizoötiën and providing the necessary help to do them stop; ". 22.2. If it actually goes for non-binding instructions, as the authorized representatives seem to be ahead, the demand for dejuridic added value of the reference to such guidelines in a normative ministerial decision is even possible, such a reference is possible then lead to legal uncertainty. On the other hand, referred to in binding police measures that local authorities can take, the referral novel is meaningless because those measures are applicable and must be applied in addition to the provisions of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020.VII. Research of the draft Dispositive article123. 1. It is not clear what the scope is of the designed article 2, §1 and § 1bis.23.2. For example, it is intended that the designed Article 2, §1, first paragraph applies to "companies, associations and services, including the businesses, private and public companies and services that are necessary for the protection of the vital interests of the Nation and the needs of the population referred to in Appendix 1 of this decision ". Competition to the current Article 2, § 1, first paragraph, of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020, the following words are therefore added:" Including the commercial matters , Private and public companies and services that are necessary for the protection of the vital interests of the nation and the needs of the population referred to in the Appendix 1 of this Decree ". In the event of an unemployment benefit in connection with the scope of that addition to the current Article 2, §1, first paragraph, of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020, the authorized representatives have the following explanation: "No, there is no provision. Also in H The current MB is not made a distinction for obliging telework between essential and non-essential sectors: telephotoic work is required if this is impossible because of the nature of the function or continuity of business operations, activities or services. It is also on the info Coronavirus FAQ of the Crisiscentrumhttps: //www.info-coronavirus.be/nl/faq/ (work and economy, first question). The reason for the SIOD-FlitsControles (January-February 2021), specifically aimed at compliance with the telework obligation, the first signals came in that the existing formulation/order of the paragraphs in paragraph 1 of Article 2 led to interpretation discussionsAt the end of April it became particularly clear that the interpretation that companies and government services that are considered essential would not be obliged to (maximize) live up to the Telewerk obligation; So that a clarification needed. It is therefore not a statement but a clarification. "23.3. In the following members of the designed Article 2, § 1, on the other hand, there is only" the company "or" the company "and not from associations or services. The same applies to Until the designed article 2, § 1bis, of which the first paragraph applies to "the companies, associations and services", while in the second and third paragraphs there is only "the company". As the text has been stated, it is Also not clear whether all public services are meant. Ask a question about this, the authorized representatives answered the following: "[W] e proposes to add the following in § 1bis:` tous les enteprises, associations et services, y compris les commerces, entreprenes et services Privés et Publics Qui Sont Nécessaires à la Protection des Besoins Vitaux Dela Nation et des Besoins de la population visés à l'Annexe 1 [ère] au présent arrêté '". The answer makes it It is not possible to determine what the scope of scope is of the designed Article 2, § 1 and § 1bis. To be made clearer of the legal certainty serving different members. If necessary, a generic description of the persons for whom telework is required must be given. The also the terminology used must be made uniform in the Dutch text of the design. After all, for example, the French concept "EntraPrise" is now displayed with the word "company (and)" and then again with the word "Layer (f) (-ven) ".24. The designed Article 2, § 1bis, first paragraph, provides for the possibility that persons for whom telework are required "can schedule return moments on a voluntary basis. The question of what the integration of the words" on a voluntary basis "have answered the representatives the following: "Cela signifie que le travailleur et l'Employeur doivent s'accorder surce return, il ne peut être imposé ni par le travailleur ni par l'employeur. of mandatory telework mentally weighs, the voluntary character is for all employees' interests. Pass disappears in July, if the epidemic situation will allow it, the compulsory character of the telework. The month of June is now considered a transition period. VOLUENTIVE OF THE employee means that he/she can refuse the offer of the employer that organizes a return moment ". The designed provision must therefore be clarified in that sense. For example, words "on a voluntary basis" could be replaced by the words "in mutual consultation", which expresses the mutual consent of both parties more clearly.25.Luidens the designed Article 2, § 1bis, second paragraph, is allowed per day Maximum 20% of the persons working in the company are present at the workplace at the same time. The concept of "enterprise" is defined in Article 1, 1 ° of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 as "any natural or legal person who in a sustainable manner an economic purpose strives ". In terms of the question of whether in the application of that percentage, companies with more location units should not be taken into account, the representatives have answered the following:" Indeed. We propose "on the workplace" replaced by "per location unit." The designed provision must therefore be adjusted in that sense. Article 226. As Article 2, 6 °, of the design has now been edited, his groups allowed from more than two people insofar as they belong to the same household or as far as people need guidance. However, it is not determined that debit supervisor can be part of that group. On a question about this, the representatives have proposed the following new formulation: "Possible reformulation:` Consumers may be reception in groups of a maximum of two people, children up to and including 12 years not counted . Groups from more than two people are permitted insofar as they belong to the same household. The persons have been accompanied by a maximum of one extra person. "." Ter Willevan The legal certainty must therefore be changed in that sense. 27. With Article 2, 5 ° and 6 °, of the draft (the designed Article 5, third and fourth paragraph), it also becomes a deviation regarding the people who belong to the same "household"According to Article1, 6 °, of the aforementioned Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020, which is not changed by the design, "household" is defined as "persons who live under the same roof". Application of this Decree, under 'household' must be understood the persons who live under the same roof; that this also refers to the new family forms, such as newly composed families or other situations in which the stikes are taken not continuously under the same roof. The definition Who thus given in the prayer does not correspond to the one that is still stated in the decision itself. It is in contradiction, which leads to legal uncertainty. The legislation department has already noticed the following in advice 69.305/AV (44): "In view of the fact that this concept is co -determining whether the first can be deviated from Member of the designed Article6, § 3, and that sanctions can be imposed if one does not adhere to that concept, it is advisable to give a clearer definition of the concept of 'household' for any mention of that concept in the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 , and also to take into account the cases that are the result of new family forms, such as newly composed families or other situations where strictly speaking the people involved do not live under the same roof. the ministerial decision itself to be applied. In particular, if that is the intention, to be determined or, and to what extent, the fact that "continuous" is living together under the same roof plays a role. 1, referred to "the establishments that belong to the catering sector and other eating and drinking facilities", which is the possibility to offer pick -up meals and drinks to at the latest at the latest. On "the professional exercise of Horeca activities", only reference is made to "the establishment". The question arises as well as the mutual ratio of the scope of the two designed sections and / or non-professional precursing activities are referred to in the designed in the designed Section 2, such as the canteen of a sports club. Is the latter case "other eating and drinking facilities"? In that case, designed paragraph 2 would not apply. Or in that case it concerns catering activities, but then the question arises whether the mention of the "professional exercise" is not unhappy.29. The designed Article 6, § 2, first paragraph, 5 °, determines that "" terraces and public spaces are organized in accordance with the regulations determined by the local authorities ". The question of this also intends terraces that have been drawn up outside the public spaces, thesis explained the following:" Only terraces on the public domain are caught with this. "Dit must until The text of the draft. This comment also applies to the designed article 8, § 1, first paragraph, 5 °, (Article 5 of the draft) .30. The representatives stated that the reference to a "surgical" mouth mask in the designed Article 6, § 2, first paragraph, 11 °, will be deleted, so that only a "mouth mask" is required.31. The designed Article6, § 2, third paragraph, is obliged to use a CE marked air quality meter (CO2) in the eating and drinking facilities of the catering sector, except on an open terrace. This device must be installed in a place that is clearly visible to the visitor. The representatives stated the following about this requirement: "At least one device must be present per case, the space and drinks are served in the space. It appears to be necessary to protect the population against the increased infection risks in certain private establishments or spaces, in particular the fitness centers and the private spaces of the eating and drinking facilities in the catering sector, because of the nature of the activities that are carried out, special many aerosols spread; that these meters must be installed in a central location, and not next to a door, window or ventilation system. "The author of the design must check whether it is, in the light of the pertinence and the efficiency of the designed determination, It is not appropriate to provide for the obligation to place Omzozen device in every sealed e of the establishment concerned rather than only "in a central place", as stated in the preambleMoreover, it must be checked how the criterion in the designed provision ("at a place that is clearly visible to the visitor") relates to the criterion mentioned in the salutation ("in a central location") and what criterion again in the light of pertinence and the efficiency The designed provision has priority if a clearly visible place does not achieve the optimum efficiency for the visitor. This comment also applies to the designed Article 8, § 1, third paragraph, (Article 5 of the draft) .32. The designed article 6, § 2, fourth paragraph, reads as follows: "Unless it is an open terrace, a reception or banquet is only permitted for a maximum of 50 customers." The representatives explained concepts as follows: "Les deux Termes Sont Utilisés Dans Leur Sens Usuelà Savoir:- Réception: Réunion de Personnes Invitées, Souvent à Caractère Mondain.-Banquet: Repas d'AleaseBlant de Nomreux Convives Pour Célébrer unévéactere. " "Whether the" événement Important "does not lead to unequal treatments, and therefore to legal uncertainty, as well as to difficult to answer. Is it really the intention that a meal ("repas") for a non -important event is organized for a maximum of 50 customers? The stater of the design must therefore re -examine the two suggested definitions and, if necessary, include them in an adapted version in the design. This remark also applies to the designed Article 15, § 7 (Article 11 of the design), Waarditch also prevented .33 . To the question of what the maximum number of customers is when multiple receptions or banquets are organized in one -Horeca design, the authorized representatives responded as follows: "The number of customers present per separate reception or banquet (it is the activity) may be the maximum number of 50 customers do not exceed. Therefore, several receptions of banquets can be organized in the same establishment as long as the maximum number of customers of 50 (Perfreed reception or banquet) is not exceeded. Including the condition of the Public Prosecution Service must be separated receptions and banquets. article 534. The designed article 8, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, contains the following condition: "Covering the mouths with a mouth mask in the company or association is mandatory in the accessible rooms for the public, and if the rules of the social distancing cannot be wed Orders complied with the nature of the activity carried out, other personal protective equipment is highly recommended, without prejudice to 25 ". The authorized representatives confirmed that it concerns" two separate rules ", namely a mouth mask obligation in publicly accessible spaces and on the other hand a mere recommendation sum" other "personal protective equipment use "if the rules of social distancing are not complied with". The authorized representatives also stated that the use of mouth masks does not fall under "the rules of social distancing". (45) The current Article 25 of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020, however, reads as Follows: "Everyone, with the exception of Kindententot and with 12 years, is obliged to cover the mouth and nose with a mouth mask or any other alternative in dust when it is impossible to guarantee compliance with the rules of social distancing, meter the cases referred to in Article 23, § 2.Ener, ME The exception of people up to and including 12 years old is in any case obliged to cover the mouth and nose with a mouth mask any other alternative in fabric in the following places: 1 ° the stores and shopping centers; 2 ° the conference rooms; 3 ° the Auditoria; 4 ° the buildings of worship and the buildings for the public exercise of non-confessional moral services; 5 ° debi-blothereeks, the play in the players and the media drawers; 6 ° the shopping streets, the markets, and every Privateof public busy place, Determined by the competent local government and defined with a shift that specifies the times to which the obligation applies; 7 ° place the establishments where catering activities are permitted, both customers and the staff, unless during food, drinks, or sit at the table ; 8 ° in relocations in the public and non-public parts of the court buildings, as well as in the session rooms at each displacement and, in the other cases, agree stig the guidelines of the Chamber President; 9 ° during the events, Cultureleen other performances and professional sporting competitions; 10 ° during trade fairs, including the salons. When wearing a mouth mask or any alternative in dust is not possible for medical reasons , a facial screen may be usedThe Personal Die in the inability is a mouth mask, an alternative in dust or a facial screen to wear a limitation of a restriction, supported by a medical certificate, must not comply with the provisions of this decision that provides this obligation. "(46) about the" other personal protective equipment "the authorized representatives stated the following:" This can be, among other things, the possibility of derogation is intended in Article 25 of the decision to be changed, but also other measures such as wearing gloves. "As the designed Article 8, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, now formulated, the question of its ratio with its current Article 25 is also arising as to why the regulation on the use of a mouth mask or other personal protective equipment is strict when the "rules of social distancing" cannot become possible observed then when animal rules can just be observed. In the first case, only e will be and recommendation formulated no obligation. The Steller of the design must be the designed provision to a new research topics in the light of these findings.35. When asked what is meant by the term "public spaces" in the designed Article 8, § 1, first paragraph, 5 °, the authorized if followed: "The notion" public spaces "includes both the" public road "notion and the "Places accessible to the public, including places that are" closed and covered "." Hetis advisable to work out a definition for this term article1036 for the sake of legal certainty. The representatives confirmed, with regard to the designed Article 14, § 2, that the prohibition of gatherings of more than fifty people in the "private space", also hits open air (on private domain). This must be clarified for the sake of legal certainty the text of the designed determination.37. The designed Article 14, § 3, provides for the obligation for permitted gatherings to form groups of a maximum of four people, Kinderentot and not counted by twelve years. The question arises, however, whether such groups should continue to continue the same activity or whether those groups may change composition during the same activity. The authorized representatives stated that the groups should not change composition. This must also be clarified for the sake of legal certainty The text of the designed provision. This remark applies mutatis mutandis to the other provisions in the draft in which mention is made of the obligation to divide into groups for certain activities or events. (47) Articles11 and 1338. On the request to clarify the scope of The words "to the extent possible" that appear in the designed Article 15, § 2, second paragraph, 3 °, (Article 11 of the design) have answered the following: "Complying this measure not an obligation of results but an effort obligation . If it is possible, the measures of social distancing must therefore be respected but if they cannot be complied with, Zalthit will not be sanctioned. This provision could be relocated to Article 23. "Dieprisation would indeed be better at its place in Article 23 of the Decree to be changed.39. In the current state of the regulations, the local government can be based on Article 16 of the aforementioned ministerial decision of 28 October 2020 issue certain permits with regard to the setting up of cultural, sporting or other events "that are organized outside" (Article 15, § 8), of static benefits that take place on public roads (Article 15, § 9) or from trade fairs that "be organized outdoors" (Article 15, § 10). This permit system does not make special difficulty prices in the light of Article 26 of the Constitution, since it always concerns "meetings in the open air" within the meaning of the second paragraph of that article . The Articles 15 and 16 of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 are amended by Articles 11 and 13 of the present draft, in particular the most permit to apply LSEL to organizing meetings in indoor spaces of buildings for worship services with a view to accelerating the number of people who are present in the building at the same time (designed Article 15, § 4, fourth paragraph) as well as at various events that are organized within ( Designed Article 15, § 5, first paragraph). Those meetings, which are held in a closed place, no longer fall under the scope of Article 26, second member, of the Constitution and must therefore not be subject to a system of " prior leave "(48) Article 26, first paragraph, of the Constitution reads as follows: "The Belgians have the right -wing and unarmed meetings, provided they behave according to the laws that can be used to arrange the right of prior leave, however to subject. "In the aforementioned advice 68,936/AV, the general meeting of the legislation made the following comment by Article 5 of the preliminary draft law that at the time, in order to clarify the scope of the constitutional prohibition on preventive measures where the liberties are reduced:" 96. The measures referred to in Article 5, § 1, can include, for example, in "prohibitions, closures or restrictions" in different domains. However, it must be recalled that those measures may not exist in preventive measures that are prohibited in the Constitution . Reference can be made to Article 19 (freedom of expression) (49), Article 24, § 1, first paragraph (Vrijhei d of Education), Article 25 (Freedom of printing press), Article 26 (Freedom of Meeting) (50) and Article 27 (Freedom of Association) of the Constitution. According to the Administrative Jurisdiction Department of the Council of State '[can] preventive measures in this (...) It is characterized that side -determined conditions or formalities that must be met before the relevant right can be exercised in practice, apart from the question of whether freedom is being abused or can be made of the freedom, and that the non -compliance with the provisions Conditions in itself a criminal fact that (51). Those measures distinguish itself from repressive measures that are exclusively applicable when the person has used his freedom in a manner prohibited by or pursuant to law. (52) The Constitutional Court has a definition of the prevention measure adopted by the object of that preventive measure. In the assessment of the constitutionalness of the Decree Act of 29 December 1945, "providing prohibition on making inscriptions on the disclosure of the road", the Constitutional Court has clarified the following: "B.5.1. From Article 1 of the Decree Act being apparent that the possibility of postering is restricted to certain places, namely the person intended by the municipality for this purpose and the person to which the owner or the person entitled to use has given his consent in writing in advance. Thus the decision law regulates a number of modalities with regard to the poster, without, however, providing prevention measures. For example, the possibility of postering is by no means dependent on a priority assessment of the message. After all, the decision law grants the government any authority to check or forbid a priori of whatever nature, of whatever nature, but only provides for sanctions a posteriori. (...) B.6.3. By prohibiting the postering on places other than those who are intended by the municipal government for this purpose or to poster anklee after a prior and written consent of the person entitled to use or the owner, the decision law is aimed at maintaining public order and the Protect the rights of the other. The provisions in the proceedings are thus answering to a mandatory need for social exhibition and are not disproportionate with the objectives pursued by the legislator. An unlimited possibility to poster in places that are part of the public domain or private property could, after all, lead to disruption of public order, visual pollution, environmental nuisance, and damage to the ownership rights of third parties. The prohibitions in which the Decision Act of 29 December1945 therefore does not provide, exceeding the boundaries and conditions in which the legislator can limit the exercise of freedom of expression. There is therefore no question of an unauthorized and discriminatory infringement of the freedom of expression. ”(53) It follows that when, by way, access to a school or a place of worship is limited or prohibited purely on the basis of considerations related to the public health, without any assessment of education or the culture, such a limitation or prohibition does not form a "preventive measure" as referred to in Articles19 and 24, § 1, of the Constitution. When determining the measures that are in Article 5, § 1, of the present preliminary draft, it must therefore be investigated or, in view of its scope, there are no preventive measures prohibited by the Constitution"(54) The same reasons can be Articles 11 and 13 of the present design, insofar as there is a permit system feeding that would be applied to meetings that do not" take place in the open air ", are only compatible with Article 26, first paragraph, of the Constitution if the role of the administrative government does not in any case extend beyond the objective determination of the circumstance that the sanitary conditions that result from the "Cerm", or, where appropriate, from the "Circm", whether or not for the Other not to do any other assessment authority is involved, subject to what is below, in comment 40, is explained. The provisions designed Article 16 of the aforementioned Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 must thus be revised that every -yearliness is avoided on this point.40. In The aforementioned advice 69.305/AV ruled the Alarm Meeting of the Legislation Department: "To that extent De Cerm and CI RM Loutereen Having supporting function for the competent local authorities can be agreed to the method used. This not only means that these instruments may not contain deviations from the Ministerial Decree to be changed, but also that the competent local government is not automatically bound by the outcome of the models referred to. "(55) according to the designed Article 15, §5, first Member, certain events may be attended by a "sitting audience of a maximum of 75% of the CIM capacity, without exceeding 200 people". In the question of whether this is not a regulatory character, the authorized representatives have answered the following: " Decapacity is finally determined by the local government; It therefore concerns a decision of the local government in which they can use the CIM as an advice model (which therefore has no regulatory power from that point of view). "However, the investigation shows that, in spite of the explanation that thus provided, with the present texts Ultimately, a regulatory scope is given to the calculation methods contained in the CIM; on this point reference is made to comments 20.1tot 20.3. That solution, which is also in accordance with what is under Article 26 of the Constitutional Requirements for the Constitutional Prohibition to be able to avoid the introduction of a forecast arrangement for meetings that are not kept in the open air, (56), however, must be included in unambiguous signs in the present texts and in the preamble, which implies that the cermons have to define the cirm in it and that it requires familiarity to be given in Article 190 of the Constitution Orders, for example by adding them to the designed decision. 1973, which stipulates that the period of five working days extends to eight working days in the case in which the advice is given by the United Chambers with application of Article 85bis. (1) Advice 69,253/AV, given on April 23, 2021 on a design that led Until the Ministerial Decree of 24 April 2021 `Making amendment to the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19TE '(http://www.raadvst-contat.be/dbx/sviezen/69253 .pdf). (2) Advies69.305/AV, given on 6 May 2021 on a draft that led to the ministerial decision of 7 MEI 2021 `Making amendment to the ministerial decision of 28 OK Tober 2020 urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 '(http://www.raadvst-consetat.be/dbx/adviezen/69305.pdf).(33rvs 69.253/AV, comment 3 ; adv.RVS 69.305/AV, comment 3. (4) adv.RVS69.253/AV, comment 10.4; Adv.RvS 69.305/AV, comment 9.4. (5) See, among other things, this 7543 and 7544 submitted on 9 March 2021. (6) Adv.RvS 69.305/AV, comments9.5 and 9.6. (7) Adv.rvs 69.253/AV , comment 9; Adv.RvS 69.305/AV, Note8. (8) Bill `concerning the administrative police measures during an epidemic emergency situation '(Parl.st. Chamber 2020-21, no. 55-1951/001). (9) Adv.RvS 69.253 /AV, comment 9; adv.RVS 69.305/AV, comment 8. (10) adv.RVS69.253/AV, comment 10.4; Adv.RvS 69.305/AV, Note 9.4. (11) Footnote16 of the quoted advice: Article 181, § 1, of the law of 15 May 2007 concerns the possibility for the minister to "the persons and matters he deems necessary" claim. The current design design does not seem to contain such measures. (12) Adv.RvS 69.305/AV, comment 9.5. (13) Compare with Adv.rvs 69.305/AV, comments 10.1 and 10.2. (14) Footnote 174 of the advice quoted: Regarding this principle, see Supra edge numbers 70 and V(15) Footnote 175 of the quoted advice: settled case law of the Constitutional Court: see in particular 18 March 2010, no. 29/2010, B.16.1; GWH 20 February 2020, no. 27/2020, B.17. (16) Advice 68.936/AV, given on 7 April 2021 on the preliminary draft that led to the aforementioned draft law `concerning the administrative police measures during an epidemic emergency situation ', 55E.V. (http://www.raadvst-consetat.be/dbx/adviezen/68936.pdf) .(17) Adv.RVS68.978/VR of 16 March 2021 on a preliminary design that led to the law of 8 April 2021 ` Coordination with the cooperation agreement of 24 March 2021 between the federal state, the Flemish Community, the Walloon Region, the German -speaking community and the common community committee concerned data transfer to the federated entities, the local authorities or police services with a purpose of the compulsory quarantaine or testing From the travelers from foreign zones for whom a quarantine or testing is mandatory upon arrival in Belgium ', http://www.raadvst-consetat.be/dbx/adviezen/68978.pdf would receive a legal character, it is not sufficient that it was announced in the Belgian Official Gazette and even the object of the protocol of 5 November 2018 was closed between the federal government and the OVE Rheden intended in Articles 128, 130 and 135 of the Constitution, `establishing the generic structures for the sectoral health management of crises for public health and their working methods for the application of the International Health Regulations (2005), and Decree no. 1082/2013/EU on Serious cross -border edges of health '(B.S. December 14, 2018). (19) See, as recent stages, advice 69,324/VR, given on 17 May 2021 on a preliminary draft of ordinance 'Consent with the cooperation agreement between the Federal State, the Flemish Community, the German -speaking Community, the Walloon Region and the common community committee on special processing of personal data with a view to detecting and investigating clusters and collectivities, meth the eye on the enforcement of the compulsory quarantine and testing and with a view to supervising the authorized social inspectors of the measures to the Distribution of the coronaviruscovid-19 to combat on the jobs' (20) Footnote 19 of the quoted advice: adv. RVS 53.932/AV of 27 August 2013 on a proposal that led [EF] t led to the Special Act of 6 January 2014 `With regard to the sixth state reform '(Parl.st. Senate 2012-13, no. 5-2232/1 ). (21) Footnote 20 of the quoted advice: Hondem [D] Adv. Stainless steel 67.142/AV of March 25, 2020, forth. 6. (22) Footnote 21 of the quoted advice: Vakeem [D] Adv. Stainless steel 53.932/AV; See also: adv. Stainless steel 53.018/VR from May 13, 2013 on a draft Royal Decree "containing the health control of the International Severing", comment 9; adv. RVS 66.387/1/V of 29 August 2019 on a design that has led to the Royal Decree of 11 December 2019 `concerning the modalities regarding manipulating and storing polioviruses of type 2 ', comment 7.5; GWH 15 February 2009, no. 2/2009, B.5.2. (23) Advice 68.936/AV, comments 10 and 11. (24) Footnote 74 of the quoted advice: The principle of the federal loyauteit holds the obligation for each government In order not to harm the balance of the federal construction in its entirety and not to harm the interests of the other entities when exercising. The federal loyalty concerns the mere exercise of powers: it indicates in which spirit that should be done. (GWH 18Maart 2021, no. 47/2021, Overl. B.11; See also: J. Vanpraet, "The general principles of the division of powers", in B. Seutin and G. van Haegendoren (Eds.), The transversal powers in the federal Belgium, Bruges, Die Keure, 2017, 53, no. 75). (25) Footnote 75 of the quoted advice: Footnote4 in the quoted text: in this regard there is a fixed and detailed case law, in particular overlooking of general Administrative police taken by municipal governments: see, for example, April 21, 2006, no. 157,849, BVBA La Démarche; April 23, 2010, no. 203.235, CV Trocadero; March 24, 2017, no. 237,779, Amilcar et al. (26) Footnote 76 of the advice quoted: Adv. RVS 63,791/2/V of 6 August 2018 on a preliminary draft of law 'concerning municipal administrative enforcement', alg. OPM. 1, b) (27) Footnote 77 of the advice quoted: ZiegWH, March 18, 2021, no. 47/2021, Over. B.15: "As stated in B.11, the principle of defederal loyautey requires every legislator to ensure that the exercise of his own authority does not make the exercise, by the other legislators, of their powers impossible or overly difficultWHEN AT ALSO TRADE HE WILL BE REGULATION IS WITH THE AT THE POINTION that falls under the competence of another legislator, he can only exercise his authority after beforehand that other legislator have consulted. "See also CC, December 21, 2017, no. 145/2017 , Overl. B. 60.2. (28) Footnote 78 of the quoted advice: reference is made to edges 66 and 67 below in connection with the cases in which emergency situations could occur in which measures are taken very quickly to combat an epidemic emergency situation, such as those which are intended in the preliminary design. (29) Footnote 79 of the quoted advice: Already in the aforementioned advice 67.142/AV of 25 March 2020, the General Meeting of the legislation department stated that the Koning was authorized to "the" the Closing schools or universities "(30) Advice 68,936/AV, comments 32 to 35. (31) See the thirty -two paragraph et seq. Of the to Hef of the present draft (32) Aforementioned advice 69.305/AV, comment 12.2. (33) See Article 21 of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 `Urgent measures to spread the Coronavirus COVID-19TE ', of which Article 15 of the design The application aims to extend up to and including 31 May2021. The general meeting of the legislation on this in the aforementioned advice 68,936/AVOPT noted that the authority of the federal government on the control of the external borders means that it can refuse access to and departure from the territory because of the presence or threat of infectious Diseases, (...) that she can prohibit non-essential trips from and from abroad, and that it can also impose conditions in connection with that access to the territory, such as filling in the passenger Locator Form = PLF) (...) For the trip to Belgium and keeping that form during the travel to Belgium (...). "The aforementioned advice also shows 68.977/VR, 68.978/VR, 68.983/VR, 68.989/VR and 69,000/VR that the previously outlined powers of the federal government "(....) Not so far [reach] that they could also impose obligations with regard to the disposal when regulating access to the territory Ering or quarantine of potentially infected persons or with regard to the testing of these persons. After all, it is the communities that are authorized to investigate and the battle against infectious diseases, such as COVID-19, as a part of their powers regarding prevention health care. On the basis of that authority, the Communities have recently worked out a number of new arrangements or adapted existing regulations with regard to the contact opening in the battle against the COVID-19 Pandemie and on compulsory tests and quarantine of (presumably) infected persons. " Just like the obligation to fill in the PLF, the obligation, imposed in Article 21, § 7, seems to have a negative test result of a test that has been taken earliest 72 hours before departure to Belgian territory from a territory as red zone to be considered to be considered a condition for entering the territory, which falls under the authority of the federal government (in that regard, Article 21, § 7, effectively states that the carrier is obliged to refuse the boarding if such a negative test run not is available). The changes made to Article 15, 3 ° to 5 ° to that obligation o Making a negative test result, therefore, seem to be part of the competence of the Federal Government. (34) Samely, changes other than those that are made in this advisory message or to meet changes that are caused by what is noticed in this advisory. (35) See also the aforementioned advice 69.305/AV. (36) The case law of the Constitutional Court in this regard is as follows: "[The principle of equality and not discrimination] does not exclude the result that a difference in treatment between certain categories of passenger is set for As far as that difference is based on an objective criterion and the reasonably responsibility is based. Incidentally, that principle opposes it that categories of persons who are in the context of the measure are in essentially different situations are being treated in an identical way, without a reasonable accountability. " . 163/2016). (37) designed Article 8, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, and second paragraph, (Article 5 of the draft); designed Article 14, § 3, (Article 10 of the draft); Article 23, § 2, sixth line (Article 16 of the draft); designed Article 25, paragraph 5 (Article 17 of the draft)(38) The designed Article 6, §2, first paragraph, 2 °, (Article 3 of the draft), the designed Article 8, § 1, first paragraph, 3 ° and 4 ° (Article 5 of the draft) and the Designed Article 15, §§ 1 and 4, fifth paragraph, 4 ° (Article 11 of the draft). (39) Also reference is made to Note34. (40) The designed Article 13, third paragraph (Article 9 of the draft) and the designed Article 15, § 2, second paragraph, 3 ° (Article 11 of the draft) (41) Adv.RvS 69.305/AV, comments 21 and 22. (42) The authorized representatives gave up - most recent version - of these Guide:-FR: https://economie.fgov.be/sites/default/files/publications/files/coronavirus-Guide-ouverture-kommerture.pdf ;- NL: https://economie.fgov.be// sites/default/traffic jams/traffic jams/traffic jams/coronavirus-gids-opens-handel.pdf. (43) https://werk.belgie.be/nl/nieuws/verkling-van-de-sociale-partners-van -the-high-council-for-prevention-and-protection-on-the (44) aforementioned advice 69.305/AV, Note 23. (45) on those "rules of the Socialdistan cing ", see comment 19. (46) Article 17 of the draft fills this article to a fifth paragraph, which reads as follows:" The mouth mask or any alternative in fabric is made magoccasionally deposited for eating and drinking, and when wearing Omwillevan is the nature of the activity. "(47) designed Article 5, fourth paragraph (Article2, 6 °, of the draft), designed Article 8, § 1, second paragraph (Article 5 of the draft), designed article 9 , 5 ° (Article 6, 1 °, of the draft), designed Article 13, second paragraph (Article 9 of the design), designed Article 14, § 3 (Article 10 of the draft), and designed Article 15, §2, first paragraph, and § 6, (Article 11 of the draft). (48) Advice 52.523/AV, which was given on January 8, 2013 about a bill `Modifiant La Législation Relative à la Répressiondu racism and Vue d'IXdire les réunions de de Groupes Racists et Néonazis', `changing the racism legislation what the prohibition of meetings of racist and neo -Nazi group Eringen concerns' Note 5 (http://www.raadvst-consetat.be/dbx/adviezen/52523.pdf) (49) Footnote 163 of the quoting advice: In connection with the freedom of expression, Article 19 of the Constitution is only The "punishment of the crimes that are committed on the occasion of the use of those freeing [ID]". As for the freedom of expression, the Constitutional Court ruled that that constitutional proviser does not preclude the fact that their exercise is dependent on it of certain formalities that do not include a prior substantive assessment of the message, insofar as it concerns Maat -Regelendie are necessary for the protection of the objectives explicitly stated in the International Convention provisions for the protection of freedom of expression, such as the public order and the protection of the protection The rights of others (GWH 22 October 2003, no. 136/2003, B.5.1 and B.6.1Tot B.6.3). See advice RVS 62,325/2/VR of 2 May 2018 on a preliminary draft that led to the decree of the French Community of 28 June 2018 `to amend the decree of 7 November 2013 to determine the higher education landscape and the academic organization of the studies and containing transparency of the non-recognized institutions' (http://www.raadvst-consetat.be/dbx/adviezen/62325.pdf) .(50 Footnote 164 of the quoted advice: see advice RVS 52.834/2 of 27 February 2013 About a bill `until amendment to Article 135 of the new Municipalities Act of 24 June 1988 in order to allow municipalities to register the opening hours of the drinking facilities' (http://www.raadvst-consetat.be/dbx/adviezen/52834.pdf ): "As, secondly, the meetings are kept in a closed and covered place, but which are freely accessible to everyone, Article 26 of the Constitution states that they may be kept" provided that [the persons present] behave according to The laws, Tue e, however, the exercise of this right can, however, be able to submit it to a prior leave ", insofar as these meetings" peacefully unarmed ". The governments can regulate the exercise of this freedom, also by means of any preventive police measures, without the peaceful and unarmed meetings imposing a prior admission. "(51) Footnote 165 of the quoting advice: RVS 18 May 1999, no. 80.282 , Van der Vinck et al. Until the decree of the French Community of 28 June 2018, has changed the decree of 7 November 2013 to determine the higher education landscape the academic organization of the studies and containing transparency of the non-recognized institutions' (http: //www.raadvst -consetat.be/dbx/adviezen/62325.pdf)(53) Footnote 167 of the advice quoted: GWH 22 October 2003, no. 136/2003. (54) Footnote168 of the advice cited: Regarding the prohibition on suspension of the Constitution, see edge number 8. (55) Previous advice 69.305/AV, comment 36.2. (56) See Note 29.Publication: 2021-06-16Numac: 2021042162 Flemish Government 7 May 2021.-Decision of the Flemish Government containing the extension of various measures pursuant to COVID-19 for kindergarten and compulsory education, the boarding schools, the Academies of Part-time Art Education and the Student Guidance Centers for the period from January 1, 2021 to 30 June 2021 and the Centers for Basic Education and the Centers for Adult Education for the period from 1 January 2021 to 31 August 2021 Rechts Grond (s) This decision is based on:-the Decree of 12 February 2021 to take urgent temporary measures in the educational reason for the Coronacrisis (VI), Articles 3, 4, 7, 9, 17, 18, 19 and 20;- The Decree of 15 June 2007 on adult education, Article 91;- the Decree of 30 October2020 to take urgent and temporary measures in education in times of coronacrisis (IV) and amending the Primary Education Decree of 25 February 199 7 and the Codex Secondary Education of December 17, 2010 With regard to the external quality control on the equal educational opportunities policy, Article 16; formal requirement (s) The following formal requirements are met:- The Inspection Fan Finance has given advice on March 26, 2021 and 5 May 2021 .- The Flemish minister competent for the Finance and Budget gave his agreement on 6 May 2021. In order to be of urgent emergency, this draft is not submitted to the advice of the Legislation of the Council of State (CFR. Article 3, § 1 Coordinated laws on the Council of State). This decision is urgent because the extension of measures depends on the specific impact on education of the most recent developments in the Coronapandemie. This requires a prior evaluation of the most most. This fact is the starting point of the regulation process. The draft extends a number of measures from the decisions of 4 September and 13 November 2020 from 1 January 2021 to 30 June 2021 for kindergarten and compulsory education, the boarding schools, the Academies part-time art education the centers for student counseling and from 1 January 2021 to and including August 31, 2021 for the Center for Basic Education and the Centers for Adult Education. The estimate in advance is still difficult for the unknown course of the pandemic and, in view of the deadlines of a regulatory process, take easy months. In order to be able to calculate the amount that must be paid until the end of the school year, the latest decisions, for example those with regard to the DOTAL do not organize distance education, must be included. For the educational institutions, inter-staff and their students it is necessary that the extension is decided as quickly as possible for 2021 that these operating resources can be paid as quickly as possible. Motivation disposal decision is based on the following motives:- The COVID-19 Pandemie will remember for some time During the 2020-2021 school year and this has a major impact on schools, the academies of part-time art education, the basic education centers, the centers for adult education, the CLBs and the boarding schools. In order to continue the educational offer in safe circumstances and to guarantee the law on learning for students, measures must already be urgently extended from 1 January 2021 to 30 June and 31 August 2021;- in the context of the outbreak of COVID-19, these educational institutions must Continue to incur a lot of extra costs for the purchase of material for hygiene and safety material, such as mouth masks, disinfectants, clean products and other necessary hygienic infrastructure. The resources are also needed for extra cleaning assistance. Maximal hygiene is essential to prevent further distribution and new outbreaks of COVID-19. Initiator (s) this Decree is proposed by the Flemish Minister of Education, Sport, Animal Welfare and Flemish Rand. The Flemish Government Decree: Article 1. § 1. There will be an amount provision for additional expenditure against the distribution of COVID-19 for the kindergarten and compulsory education for the period from 1 January 2021 to 30 June 2021 of 21,070,000 euros. § 2. The amount stated in paragraph 1 is distributed to the schools of the basic and secondary on the basis of the number of financing students per school taking into account the counting day per school. For so-called primary education as for students in secondary education, the counting day is used for this as applied in the calculation of the operating budget for the school year 2020-2021.§ 3. The following amounts per student are allocated: amount per student simply primary education 19.17 euros Extraordinary Basis education 19.17 euros Simply secondary education 14.76 euros extraordinary secondary education 14.76 euros art. 2. § 1This article has placed on: 1 ° boarding schools stated in Articles III.21 and III.35, of the Codification some cigecarings for education of 28 October 2016; 2 ° homes stated in Articles III.1, § 1, first paragraph, III .20, III.35, § 1, 2 ° and III.37, of the same codification; 3 ° boarding schools special education mentioned in Chapter 4, Section 1, Subsection 2, of the same codification; 4 ° boarding schools with permanent opening stated in Chapter 6 , of the same codification. Furthermore mentioned in this Decree. § 2. For the period stated in the first paragraph, for the period from 1 January 2021 to 30 June 2021, additional operating resources are granted for additional expenses against the distribution of COVID-19.§ 3. The amount per institution stated in paragraph 1, 1 °, 2 °, and 3 °, is determined by the number of financing interns on the counting day or the corresponding counting period with 13.80 euros. In deduction thereof: 1 ° the amount per institution is stated in article III.1 , § 1, first paragraph, of the codification Some provisions for the education of 28oktober 2016, plus the amount determined on the basis of the average number of interns of Demaand September of 2020 used for the determination of the supplementary staff framework for the openings on the operation school -free days; 2 ° the amount for the institution, stated in article III.20, of the same codification, is plus 2,108.70 euros.3 ° the internal net parents who do not have a permanent place of residence in a home stated in Article III.35, § 1.2 °, of the same codification, as two interns counted; 4 ° the amount of the institution is referred to in Article III.37 of the same codification, plus the amount determined on the basis of the average number of interns used for the adoption of the personnel framework, as stated in the decision of the Flemish Government of 28 August 2000 on the home of the Community Education that is responsible for the inclusion of young people in the context of the help - and assistance scheme; The amount per institution stated in paragraph 1, 4 ° is determined on the basis of the number of beds included the management agreement concluded with these institutions. § 4. These extra operating agents are granted for the period from 1 January 2021 to 30 June 2021.Art. 3. For the period from 1 January 2021 to 30 June 2021, additional operating budget is granted for additional expenses against the distribution of COVID-19 for the period from 1 January 2021 to 30 June 202. The amount per academy is calculated as follows: a fixed amount of 7.67 euro per weighing student. The calculation applies for the calculation, the following counting date applies: 1 February2020.Art. 4. For the period from January 1, 2021 to 30 June 2021, 160.080 euro is made to the CLBs for additional expenses against the distribution of COVID-19. The amount under the CLBs is distributed on the basis of their share in the new framework.Art. 5. Within the authorization to the Flemish Government in Article 91 of the Decree of 15 June 2007 on Adult Education, the Centers for Basic Education is an amount of 192,233.20 euros to additional operating resources to compensate for the additional expenditure against the distribution of COVID-19 from 1 January 2021 to and with 31 August 2021. These additional resources are distributed over the Centers for Basic Education levels The share of weighted financing points for the framework that every center has reached in the Refertjaar2019.art.art. 6. Within the authorization given to the Flemish Government in Article16 of the Decree of 30 October 2020 to take urgent and temporary measures in the Education Times of Coronacrisis (IV) and amending the Primary Education Decree of 25 February 1997 and the Codex Secondary Education of December 17, 2010 With regard to the external quality control, equal educational opportunities policy will be assigned to the Centers for Adult Education an amount of 712,390.02euro to additional operating resources to compensate for the additional expenses against the distribution of COVID-19 from January 1, 2021 to and and by 31 August 2021. These additional resources are divided on adult education centers according to the share of weighted financing points for the point that has reached every center in the reference year 2019.art.art. 7. This decision has effect from 1 January 2021.Art. 8. The Flemish Minister, competent for the Education, charged with the implementation of this decision.brussel, 7 May 2021. The Prime Minister of the Flemish Government, J. Jambonde Flemish Minister of Education, Sport, Animal Welfare Flemish Rand, b. Weyts