Publication: 2021-01-15Numac: 2021200011Federal Public Service Chancellery of the Prime Minister24 December 2020.-Law for the Royal Decrees of the Law of 27 March 2020 that authorization grants the King to take measures in the fight against The distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (I) (1) Filip, King of the Belgians, who are now and will hereinafter refer to our greetings. The rooms have accepted the chambers and we follow it: Article 1. This law regulates a matter as referred to in Article 78 of the Constitution. 2. § 1. Royal Decree No. 12 of 21 April 2020, with regard to the extension of the periods of the administration of justice for the Council of State and the written treatment of the goods, is ratified. § 2. The Royal Decree of 4 May 2020 to extend some measures taken by Royal Decree No. 12 of 21 April 2020 with regard to the extension of the time limits of the administration of the Council of State and the written handling of the goods, is ratified . § 3. The Royal Decree of 18 May 2020 to extend some measures taken by Royal Decree No. 12 of 21 April 2020 with regard to the extension of the time limits of the administration of the Council of State and the written handling of the goods, will be ratified .Art. 3. § 1. The special powers decision no. 19 of May 2020 with regard to the extension of the periods of the administration of justice at the Council for Aliens Disputes and the written handling of the goods is ratified. § 2. The Royal Decree of 26 May 2020 to extend some measures taken by the Royal Decree No.19 of 5 May 2020 with regard to the extension of the periods of the administration of justice at the Council for Aliens Disputes and the written handling of the goods reinforced.art.4. This law comes into effect the day on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. The laws, order that it will be held with the country's seal and will be announced by the Belgian Official Gazette. Given in Cierton, 24 December 2020.filipvan Koningsweight: The Prime Minister, a. De Croode Vice-Prime Minister and Minister of Economics Work, P.-Y. Dermagede Vice-Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs, European Affairs and Foreign Trade, and the federal cultural institutions, s. Wilmesdevice-Tereminister and Minister of Mobility, g. Gilkineted vice-teachers Minister of Finance, in charge of coordinating the fight against fraud, v. Van Peteghemdevice-Teermeinister and Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health, Fr. VANDENBROUCKEDeVice-eersteminister en Minister van Ambtenarenzaken, Overheidsbedrijven, Telecommunicatie en Post,P.DE SUTTERDe Vice-eersteminister en Minister van Justitie, belast met Noordzee,V.VAN QUICKENBORNEDe Minister van Middenstand, Zelfstandigen, KMO's en Landbouw, InstitutioneleHervormingen en Democratische Vernieuwing,D . Clarin fallen Minister of Pensioners Social Integration, charged with persons with disabilities, poverty reduction and Beliris, K.Lalieuxde Minister of Defense, l. Dedondende Minister of Climate, Environment, Sustainable Development and Green Deal, z. Khattabide Minister of the Interior, Institutional Reforms and Democratic Innovation, a. Verlindende Ministervan Development Cooperation, charged with large cities, m. Kitirde Minister of Energy, T.van der Straetende State Secretary for Relance and Strategic Investments, taxed Metish science policy, Th. Divine State Secretary for Digitization, taxed with administrative simplification, privacy and the management of the buildings, m. Michelde State Secretary for Gender equality equal opportunities and diversity, S. Schlitzde State Secretary for Asylum and Migration, charged with the National Lottery, s. Mahdide State Secretary for Budget and Consumer Protection, E. De Bleekermet 's Lands seal sealed: the Minister of Justice, v. Van Quickenborne______notakamer of People's Representatives (www.dekamer.be): Documents: 55 1441integral report: December 3, 2020.SENAAT (www.senate.be): Pieces: 7-205Nr. 1: NONTIATE EBOUTED by the Senate.Publication: 2021-01-15Numac: 2021200012Federal Public Service Chancellery of the Prime Minister24 December 2020.-Law for the Royal Decrees of the Law of 27 March 2020 that authorization grants the King to take measures in the fight against The distribution of the Coronavirus Covid-19 (II) (1) Filip, King of the Belgians, on Affairs who are now and will be here, has taken our greeting. The Chamber of Representatives and we ratify what follows: Article 1. This law regulates a affairs referred to in Article 74 of the Constitution.Art. 2. Royal Decree no. 1 of 6 April2020 on the fight against the non-compliance with the urgent measures to limit the distribution of the COVID-19 Coronavirus by the introduction of municipal administrative sanctions, is ratified. 3. § 1. Royal Decree No 2 of 9 April 2020 with regard to the extension of the limitation periods and the other periods to enter into law, as well as the disposal of the time limits of the administration of justice and the written treatment for the courts and courts, is confirmed. § 2. The Royal Decree of 28 April 2020 of extension of beneficial measures taken by Royal Decree No 2 of 9 April 2020 with regard to the extension of the limitation periods and the other deadlines to enter into court, as well as the extension of determines of the Judicial and written treatment for the courts and courts is ratified.art.4. § 1. Royal Decree No 3 of 9 April 2020 containing various provisions on criminal procedure of penalties and measures in the context of the fight against the distribution of the Coronaviruscovid-19 is ratified. § 2. The Royal Decree of 28 April 2020 to extend the measures taken by Royal Decree No. 3 of 9 April 2020 containing various provisions of criminal proceedings and implementation of penalties and measures in the context of the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 , is confirmed. § 3. The Royal Decree of 13 May 2020 to extend the measures taken by Royal Decree No. 3 of 9 April 2020, various provisions on criminal procedure and implementation of penalties and measures in the frame man The fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 , is reinforced.art. 5.§ 1. The Royal Decree No 4 of 9 April 2020 containing various provisions regarding the company and association law in the context of the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie is being stricted. § 2. The Royal Decree of 28 April 2020 to extend the measures taken by Royal Decree No 4 of 9 April 2020 containing various provisions regarding the partnership and association law in the context of the fight against the COVID-19- Pandemie, is stunned.Art. 6. § 1. Royal Decree No 5 of 9 April 2020 implementing Article 5, § 1, 5 °, of the Law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes to take over measures to the King in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19, with a view to the adjustment of certain rules that apply to the agricultural and horticultural sector, is ratified.§ 2. The King can Articles 8bis and 31bis of the Royal Decree of 28 November 1969 to implement the law of 27 June 1969 revision of the Decree Act of 28 December 1944 concerned social security of the workers, amended by the Decree stated in § 1, change, cancel or replace.Art. 7. The Royal Decree No 6 of 16 April 2020 on the appointment of the members of the Supreme Court for the Justice is ratified. 8. The special powder decision no. 7 of 19 April 2020 containing additional support measures on corporation tax, legal entitlement tax, tax non-residents, personal income tax, tax on added value, withholding tax, registration fees and fees, is ratified. 9. The Royal Decree No 8 of 19 April 2020 amending Article 101 of the Coordinated Act of 10 July 2008 on hospitals and other care establishments is confirmed. 10. The Royal Decree No 10 of 19 April 2020 for the allocation and rules for the distribution and liquidation of an advance to the general hospitals in the context of the epidemic by the Coronavirus COVID-19 is ratified. The Royal Decree No. 35 of 24 June 2020 amending Royal Decree No 10 of 19 April 2020 for the allocation and rules for the distribution and liquidation of an advance to the general hospitals in the context of the epidemic by the Coronavirus COVID-13, is confirmed .Art. 11. The Royal Decree Nr11 of 22 April 2020 on measures on the level of the mortgage credit modalities in the context of the Coronacrisis, is ratified. With regard to mortgage credit in the context of the coronacrisis, is ratified.art.12. The Royal Decree No 13 of 27 April 2020 amending the law of 23 March 2020 amend the law of 22 December 2016 containing a right of bridging in favor of self-employed persons in the introduction of temporary measures in the context of COVID-19 in favor From the self -employed, special in terms of expansion to certain self -employed people in secondary occupation and active pensioners, is ratified. 1 The Coronavirus COVID-19 to release a smooth work organization in the critical sectors is confirmed. §2. The Royal Decree of 4 June 2020 to extend the measures in terms of employment in the vital sector as a result of the COVID-19 Pandemie is confirmed. 14. §1. Royal Decree no. 15 of 24 April 2020 on the temporary suspension at the Voordelevan companies of implementing measures and other measures during the COVID-19 crisis will be taught. § 2. The Royal Decree of 13 May 2020 to extend the measures taken by Royal Decree No 15 of 24 April 2020 on the temporary suspension of companies of implementing measures and other measures during the COVID-19 crisis will be ratified.art.Art . 15. Royal Decree No 17 of 4 May 2020 implementing article 5, § 1, 3 °, of the law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the King to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus Covid- 19 With a view to the provision of payment to certain employers of the amounts collected by the National Service for Social Security, the Royal Decree No. 30 of 4 June 2020 amend the Royal Decree No 17 of 4 May 2020 for implementation of Article 5, § 1, 3 °, of the Act of 27 March 2020, which authorizes the King to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the COVID-19 Coronavirus, with a view to the provision of payment to certain employers Of the amounts collected by the National Social Security Service, is ratified.art.16. § 1. Royal Decree No 20 of 13 May 2020 containing temporary measures in the battle against the COVID-19 Pandemie and to ensure the continuity of care in the compulsory insurance for medical care, is ratified. The Royal Decree no. 28 of 3 June 2020 to change the Royal Decree No. 20 of 13 May 2020 containing temporary measures in the battle against the COVID-19 Pandemie and to ensure the continuity of care in the compulsory insurance for medical care. § 2. In Article 72 of the Royal Decree No 20 of 13 May 2020 containing temporary measures in the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemic and to ensure the continuity of care in the compulsory insurance for medical care, the first sentence is supplemented with the words "And at the latest until December 31, 2025" .Art. 17.§ 1. The Royal Decree No 21 of 14 May 2020 containing temporary adjustments to the compensation conditions and administrative rules in the compulsory insurance for medical care as a result of the COVID-19-Pandemie is ratified. § 2. In Article 31 of the Royal Decree. 21 of 14 May 2020 on temporary adjustments to the compensation conditions and administration rules in the compulsory insurance for medical care as a result of the COVID-19 Pandemie, the words "and at the latest until December 31, 2025" are inserted between the words at the latest December 2025 "Date to be determined" and the words "even as" .Art. 18. The Royal Decree No 22 of 4 June 2020 is established for a compensation fund for the volunteers COVID-19 victims, is being set. Establishment of a compensation fund for the volunteers COVID-19 victims, is ratified. 19. Royal Decree No. 23 of 13 May 2020 implementing article 5, § 1, 5 °, of the law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the king to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus Covid- 19 The Corona parental leave, is reinforced.art. 20Royal Decree No. 24 of 20 May 2020 to temporary expansion of the scope of the Law of 3 July 2005 on the rights of volunteers to de organizations recognized by the competent authority for the assistance and the care for the elderly people for the reception and the Housing of the elderly in the private commercial sector, is ratified. The decree no. 36 of 23 June 2020 amend the Royal Decree No. 24 of 20 May2020 to temporarily expand the field of scope of 3 July 2005 on the rights of volunteers Until the organizations that have been recognized by the competent authority for assistance, the care for the elderly and for the care and housing of the elderly in the private commercial sector is ratified. 21. Royal Decree No 29 of 5 June 2020 implementing Article 5, § 1, 2 °, of the law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes to take over measures to the King in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus Covid- 19, with the eye opassimilation of unforeseen internship periods of doctors in training, is ratified. 22. The Royal Decree No 31 of 16 June 2020 containing special measures for the soldiers in the context of the health crisis as a result of the Coronavirus COVID-19, is ratified.art.23. Royal Decree No 32 of 15 June 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 with regard to some postal services, is ratified.art.24. Royal Decree No. 33 of 23 June 2020 Adjusting the income of mandatory insurance for medical care for specific expenditure linked to the COVID-19 Pandemie Tedekte, is ratified. 25. The Royal Decree No 34 of 23 June 2020 implementing Article 5, § 1, 1 °, 2 ° and 6 °, of the law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes to take care to take measures in the fight against the Distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19, with a teog on insurance and the good management of the drug stocks and containing the extension of the pharmacy permits, is ratified. 26. The special powder decision no. 37 of 24 June 2020 implementing articles 2 and 5 of the law of 27 March 2020 that authorization grants the king to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus Covid-19 to support the Employees, is ratified.art. 27. § 1. The Royal Decree no. 39 of 26 June 2020 amending the Royal Decree of 28 March 1969 establishing the list of occupational diseases that give rise to compensation and establishing decriteria that exposure to the professional risk for some of these diseases must be ratified roadsman-19 . § 2. The King may determine Article 1 of the Royal Decree of 28 March 1969 establishing the list of occupational diseases that give rise to compensation for the criteria that exposure to the professional risk for some of these diseases must meet and the appendix to the same decision , amended by the Decree stated in §1, change, cancel or replace.art. 28. The Royal Decree No 41 of 26 June 2020 to amend the law of 23 March 2020 amending the law of 22 December 2016 containing a bridging right in favor of the self-employed and the introduction of temporary measures in the context of COVID-19 favoring self -employed, is ratified.Art. 29. The Royal Decree No. 42 of 27 June 2020 establishing a corona land for parental protection for the soldiers in the context of the health crisis as a result of the Coronavirus COVID-19, is ratified.art.30. Royal Decree No 43 of 26 June 2020 amending the Law of 26 May 2002 on the right to social integration with a view to a temporary increase in the reimbursement percentage of the living wage by the State in relation to the OCMWs in the context of COVID- 19, is ratified.art.31. Royal Decree No. 45 of 26 June 2020 implementing Article 5, § 1, 5 °, of the Law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the King to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 to Extension of some measures and to clarifying certain modalities of the Corona parental leave and of the consumption check is ratified.art.32. Royal Decree No 46 of 26 June 2020 implementing Article 5, § 1, 5 °, of the Law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the King to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus Covid-19 to Support for employers and employees, is stunned.Art. 33. The Royal Decree Nr47 of 26 June 2020 execution of Article5, § 1, 3 ° and 5 °, of the law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the King to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Corona virus Covid-19, With a view to granting a temporary premium to the beneficiaries on certain social social assistance benefits, is ratified.art.34. This law comes into effect the day on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. The laws, order that it will be held with the country's seal and will be announced by the Belgian Official Gazette. Given in Cierton, 24 December 2020.filipvan Koningsweight: The Prime Minister, a. De Croode Vice-Prime Minister and Minister of Economics Work, P.-Y. Dermagede Vice-Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs, European Affairs and Foreign Trade, and the federal cultural institutions, s. Wilmesdevice-Tereminister and Minister of Mobility, g. Gilkineted vice-teachers Minister of Finance, in charge of coordinating the fight against fraud, v. Van Peteghemdevice-Teermeinister and Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health, Fr. VANDENBROUCKEDeVice-eersteminister en Minister van Ambtenarenzaken, Overheidsbedrijven, Telecommunicatie en Post,P.DE SUTTERDe Vice-eersteminister en Minister van Justitie, belast met Noordzee,V.VAN QUICKENBORNEDe Minister van Middenstand, Zelfstandigen, KMO's en Landbouw, InstitutioneleHervormingen en Democratische Vernieuwing,D . Clarin fallen Minister of Pensioners Social Integration, charged with persons with disabilities, poverty reduction and Beliris, K.Lalieuxde Minister of Defense, l. Dedondende Minister of Climate, Environment, Sustainable Development and Green Deal, z. Khattabide Minister of the Interior, Institutional Reforms and Democratic Innovation, a. Verlindende Ministervan Development Cooperation, charged with large cities, m. Kitirde Minister of Energy, T.van der Straetende State Secretary for Relance and Strategic Investments, taxed Metish science policy, Th. Divine State Secretary for Digitization, taxed with administrative simplification, privacy and the management of the buildings, m. Michelde State Secretary for Gender equality equal opportunities and diversity, S. Schlitzde State Secretary for Asylum and Migration, charged with the National Lottery, S. Mahdide State Secretary for Budget and Consumer Protection, e. The Bleekermet 's Lands seal sealed: The Minister of Justice, V. van Quickenborne_______notakamer of people's representatives (www.dekamer.be): documents: 55 1442 -integral report: December 3, 2020.Publication: 2021-01-21Numac: 2021200058federal Public Service Employment, Labor and Social Consultation 5 January 2021.-Royal Decree on the role of the prevention advisor-worker-worker in the fight against the Coronavirus COVID-19 (1) Report to the Koninghet is clear that the labor artists Of the internal and external prevention services, play in playing in the spread of the coronavirus in the company. They know the company, hair activities and organization, and are familiar with the risks and the prevention measures. In addition, they have a neutral role with regard to both employers and employees, and are bound through the medical professional secrecy. This implies that the personal data concerning the health intended in this decision is protected by medical professional secrecy, and that in principle no transfer of this data may be done outside this medical professional secrecy. Also the social partners in the Supreme Court for Prevention and Protection at work in their position of 7 October 2020 already referred to the key role for the employment doctor in the contact opening in the workplace, as well as on the emergency to be able to refer employees directly to test centers, or to test employees in specific cases, and being able to unsubscribe from Quarantine certificates for employee and they are considered high -risk contact by the employment doctor. One of the objectives of welfare legislation is to protect the health of employees at work (art. 4, §1, 2 ° law of 4 August 1996 on the well -being of employees in the performance of their work). Codex about well-being at work A specific book VII dedicated to Biological Agentia. Although COVID-19 is a biological agent, this book focuses primarily on the work in which employees are or can be exposed to biological agentia as a result of the work: datis too The philosophy of the codex that is aimed at risks associated with the work. The Codex Pres currently does not see a framework with general measures that must be taken when a pandemic occurs that the public health threatens in all domains of social life. Give a role in avoiding infectious diseases at work. For example, one of the objectives of occupational medicine is explicitly stated that the aim of health supervision is to "avoid persons being admitted to the work affected by serious infectious disorders or that mean a danger to the safety of the other employees" (Article I.4 -2, f) of the codex about well -being at work). Furthermore, the role of the employment practitioner in the framework of dealing with infectious diseases in the workplace is also mentioned: "The employee with a serious-expressing disease, which is obliged to take sick leave that was recommended by the prevention advisor-labor doctor the form for the health assessment, is obliged to consult his treatment practitioner with whom the prevention advisor-worker will have contacted him "(Article I.4-71 of the Codex about well-being at work). The rules regarding contact detection, quarantine and tests are not part of the welfare framework at work. After all, they belong to the jurisdiction of other governments and services, such as the federal states, Sciensano, RIZIV, Public Health, etc. and also have a broader application in the fight against the coronavirus that is being conducted everywhere in society. On the other hand, these rules must be complied with by Employers and employees, and the employer is given a role in fact so when these rules are applied in the workplace. It is therefore proof that for the period of the COVID pandemia, these important, additional tasks for the employment specialist on the plane of prevention, which consists of avoiding people with a COVID-19 infection, are more detailed in detail. That is why it is necessary to have a sui generis royal decree in implementation of the law of 4 August 1996 on the well -being of employees in the execution of their work and in addition to the provisions regarding the Health Supervisor De Codex about well -being at work (Book I , Title 4), temporarily assign a number of additional, specific tasks to the employer who are necessary to combat the Coronapandemie as efficiently as possible in the workplace, in particular with regard to the contact detection on the work, the writing of quarantine certificates for employees and Testing employeesAs a result of these additional tasks, which with a view to combating the Coronapandemie on the workplace as efficiently as possible, must be temporarily priority over the usual assignments and tasks of the worker's worker in the context of the health surveillance, the priorities of the employer must be clearly determined , and certain obligations must be (temporarily) suspended as a result Vandeze adapted priorities in the duties of the employer. This is a Lex specialis, so that certain obligations in the codex are deviated from to combat the pandemie as efficiently as possible. Since it concerns a temporary allocation of these additional tasks and a temporary adjustment of the priorities of the employment doctor, in particular in the context of the fight against the coronapandemie at work, this decision is not inserted in the codex on the well -being on the work, but Rather, a sui generis decision is chosen. This decision will in any case be elaborated as long as the urgent measures to prevent the spread of the coronavirus, apply and have an impact on the work of the employer. These urgent measures are imposed by the Minister of the Interior in successive ministerial decisions that implement the decisions of the consultation committee and the other competent consultative bodies. The decision will be taken when the pandemie takes off and is sufficiently under control. The members of the Executive Office of the Supreme Court of Prevention and Protection at work will be at regular intervals, and in any case at the moment that the contact detection procedure is stopped, investigating or the decision must be lifted (CFR. HRPBW no. 234) . If at the time of the cancellation of the decision it appears that transitional measures are necessary to adequately regulate the consequences of these adjustments, these can be included in the cancellation decision. To offer a regulatory framework for the additional specific tasks that are allocated to de prevention advisor-worker's worker in the context of combating the Coronapandemie in the companies and institutions. This mainly concerns tasks regarding contact detection, the writing of quarantine statements the (having) testing of possible COVID-19 positive employees. These tasks are laid down in Article 3 Vandit Decree. Since the performance of these additional tasks during certain periods - depending on the state of the pandemic in our country - can therefore take a lot of time that the worker is therefore unable to spend on his usual tasks and assignments in the context of health supervision of the employees So the impact of these additional tasks on these usual work of the employer are also arranged. This is done in Article 5 of this Decree. The impact on the work of the employment doctor may vary considerably depending on the state of the pandemie in our country and can still vary per region or even per company: if the virus in a provisional region or company may or may not Temporary is 'under control', it is of course the intention that the work doctors again perform more of their usual tasks and assignments in the context of health supervision. The KB thus aims to provide a temporary regulation, which remains in any case application as long as the urgent measures to prevent the spread of the coronavirus are applying and have an impact on the worker's work. It is deployment to eliminate this KB as soon as the circulation of the coronavirus in our society is under control and the employer no longer has to perform the additional specific tasks with a view to combating this virus. At that time it must also be considered whether it is necessary to provide temporary measures or transitional provisions to ensure that the usual health supervision fully resolved. Article 3DIT article temporarily gives the employer a number of additional specific tasks to limit the distribution of COVID-19 on the work floor as much as possible and to avoid possible outbreaks. The employer must conscientiously fulfill these tasks in all companies, regardless of their size. In the first place it is about tracing high -risk contacts at work (art. 3, first paragraph, 1 ° of the decision). The employer takes into account the guidelines about who are considered high -risk contact must that have been worked out by the competent government (Sciensano)If a worker positive has tested on COVID-19, and this employee was present in the company in the days before the decrease in the test or the occurrence of the symptoms, it is the task of the employment doctor to get the high-risk contacts of this employee at work on To be traced: this concerns colleagues, managers, the employers others with whom the employee has been in contact at work and who may be infected by him. Tracing the high-risk contacts that are situated outside the work context (eg in family or Friends Circle) does not belong to the assignments of the employer, but is due to the (regionalof local) contact detection services. With regard to temporary agency work, the principle that the user is responsible for the well -being in the workplace (Act 24 July 1987). Since the temporary worker is working at this user and can come into contact with other employees there, it is the employer of the user who has to do the contact opening if the temporary worker has a positive test on COVID-19. The temporary agent and also to be included in the contact opening up and the like. As an employee of the user's positive test on COVID-19. The temporary worker must then deliver the quarantine test test to the temporary employment agency. The employment practitioner can become aware of the fact that an employee Covid-19 is positive, for example because he is contacted by the contact detection services (and this conformed procedures elaborated by the competent ( Regional or local) governments that often refer to the employer if the positive employee indicates that he has been at work and has passed on the infection. It is also possible that the employer will be informed directly by the employee himself, or by the employer (the employer (by the employer ( who was often informed by the employee). The employer also gets aware of the presence of positively tested employees, the most important trip that he can act on the basis of this info and start the contact detection. In addition, the employer also picks up high -risk contacts in the company as soon as he about clear designation There is a risk of a corona outbreak in the company, for example as a result of contact with third parties such as patients, customers, visitors, subcontractors, etc. that are infected. Hijdoor can be informed of this. If the employer determines that other employees and high -risk contacts must be considered and therefore must be placed in quarantain . Thequarantine certificate that must be used is the model attached to the special Powder Decree No.37: it is the same certificate that can also be provided by the general practitioner. This certificate is necessary to make it clear to the employee that he must comply with the required quarantine rules. The employee must provide this certificate to the employer. If the employee cannot do a telework, this certificate can also be used to apply for temporary unemployment benefits for the sake of force majeure Corona. The employer must also notify the employer so that the latter of it must be aware of which employees must be in quarantine and he can monitor it That these employees are adhering to the rules on permitted work during the quarantine: this usually means that the employees are not allowed to come to work for the duration of the quarantine because they could be able to do other employees, unless that is allowed in exceptional cases (BV . For persons who exercise an essential profession such as healthcare providers, if this is the only possibility to guarantee the continuity of thisg/service). These rules are determined by Sciensano and can be found on their website https://covid-19.sciensano.be/nl/covid-19 procedures (document "Procedure with the advocates for contacts" and the Quarantaine-HTTPS:/ /covid-19.sciensano.be/sites/default/files/covid19/covid-19_procedure_contact_nl.pdf). In this context, it can also be pointed out to the advice of the Order of the Doctors, which, among others, deals with the refusal of patients to be tested or to go inquarantine: https://www.ordomedic.be/nl/adviezen/advies/hoe -tharts-serving-to-act-ending-a-patient-refeigert-Zich-to-Laten-Test-on-COVID-19-19-Op-De-Opwijt-Measure-of-Quarantaine-na- -Living. Failure to comply with compulsory quarantine measures can also give rise to the breakthrough of professional secrecy if this means an immediate and serious danger to public health: in that case the doctor can inform the Regional Service Infection with regard to what is admitted By the Order of Doctors (according to her advice of 14 May 2020: https: //www.ordomedicBE/NL/Advice/Advice/Professional secrecy-in-the context-of-the-method-of-the-contacts-in-the-struggle-to-the-further distribution-of-the-coronairus-covid- 19). The labor doctor can also refer the provisions of employees to purchase a test on COVID-19 in accordance with the test strategy of the competent authority (Interministerial Conference Molk Health) (art. 3, first paragraph, 3 ° of the Decree), eg as This test strategy foresees that high -risk contact tests must be tested or to avoid or keep an outbreak under control. The referral can, for example, mean that a code is created for a test in a triage center or test village, athlete doctor or at the emergency service. This can be both PCR tests and fast testing, depending on what is provided for in the test strategy of the competent government. Of course, single employees who (must) be present physically in the company can be referred by the employer for a test. Employees who do telework are not intended in points ° 3 and ° 4. The first category of employees who can refer the employment doctor for a test are the employee who were identified by him as high -risk contact in accordance with 1 °, if the test strategy of the authority determines that high -risk contacts are tested (under point A). If the employer judges that a test is needed to keep an imminent outbreak under control in the company (in the Cluster Management Board), he can also refer employees for a test (under point B). Hereby Kanbv. Considering the testing of employees in a hospital or nursing home where a big-up breach of people with a special sensitivity to COVID-19 would be able to jeopardize (eg elderly people, patients with chronic disorders or weak health). For example, a employer can also decide to test all employees of a certain department of the company because at a certain moment there were more infections within this department. Of course, it can in any case go alone for employees who are actually physically present in the company. It is therefore not permitted in no case that testing would be constantly being tested without any indication, or that all employees are systematically tested (even if that happens voluntarily). The employment doctor can also do indented employees who usually do not stay in Belgium and only temporarily work here, Referring for a test, on condition that at least one of them has symptoms or has tested positively on COVID-19, and this also in the context of cluster management (under point C). This is done in principle in consultation with the competent (regional or local) health authorities, eg in the agricultural and horticultural sector, the construction sector, the cleaning sector, and the meat processing sector. In this sectorisis often there are foreign employees who often also stay together in common stays, so that it is important to be able to detect and tackle possible outbreaks quickly. The Laborartskan also refer employees for a test if they have to make foreign journeys in the context of their work where a negative COVID-19 Test is necessary, since some countries or aircraft company require (under point D). Finally, employees can also be referred by the employment practitioner for a test in certain specific circumstances on condition that this is decided by the competent (federal or regional) governments regarding public health or the inter -ministerial Public Health (under P.), as the approval of the approval of The FPS WASO was obtained: assigning tasks to the work doctors is one of the exclusive competence of the federal minister's work. This consent also ensures that the social partners of the Supreme Court for Prevention and Protection at work can express themselves about this expansion of the test options in relation to employees: they have explicitly asked to be involved in decisions of this order that have a direct impact On employers and employees. The employer can also subject an employee to a COVID-19 Test (or the test can be done by a nurse under the responsibility of the employment doctor) (art. 3, first paragraph, 4 ° of the Decree). Here too, however, it is also intended to be systematically tested, or that all employees are tested: a test is in principle only possible for persons who have symptoms or for high -risk contacts of an index patient. Moreover, it must be specific situations in which the employment doctor considers it more care to take the test himself, egWhen the test capacity is under pressure, which means that testing in test centers or test villages is possible or the employees should wait too long, or if the risk of passing on the infection increases because several employees have to do their journeys with public transport or together in a common stay live. The LaborSartsmoet also takes into account the test strategy of the competent government (if, for example, that provides high -risk contacts, this may not be circumvented by the employment doctor by testing himself). In any case, the testing of employees is also possible only if you use suitable PPE (such as FFP2 masks, facial protection, aprons and gloves) and the correct test material. If the labor doctor takes tests himself (regardless of whether it is PCR test or about rapid tests), he must also report the results of those tests to the competent authorities, eg by entering them correctly in the database for this purpose. This is of great importance to also make the contact opening outdoors the work context possible: after all, it is the contact detection services that detect and notify the high-risk contacts in family and friends. It is also important from an epidemiological point of view. The test result is also reported to the treating physician of the employee (in accordance with the general funding rules in the Codex this is only possible with the employee's permission). If the worker's doctor, following the detection of the high -risk contacts, the quarantine and the (having) tested of employees, finds that additional measures are needed to limit the spread of the virus in the company or to prevent outbreaks, he must this as quickly as possible To the employment, so that it can take this into account in its risk analysis and taking the necessary prevention measures (see also Article 4 for the role of the employer). Article 4 employers and employees are to cooperate in the assignments of the employment doctor in the context of contact detection, Quarantaineen tests (art. 4, § 1 of the decision): This means that employer and employees inform the worker as quickly as possible as they are aware From an infection that the employer provides necessary contact details to the employer so that he can contact employees, that the employees indicate truthfully who their high -risk contacts are at work, etc. Employers employees must therefore each be sensitized at their level to ensure that they being relevant to the prevention of the distribution of COVID-19 in the workplace would report to the doctor: For the employee this may mean that he states a positive test result as quickly as possible that he should go in quarantine in time if one of his housemates covid- 19 is positive. For the employer, for example, this can also mean that he will inform the employment doctor if he gets knowledge of an infection with a customer, (sub) contractor or patient who has come into contact with an employee. If the employer suggests measures as a result of the Contact detection or testing, such as BV. A quarantine for high -risk contacts, the employer must be informed of this, he must comply with this (art. 4, § 2 of the decision), for example by monitoring the compliance with the quarantine rules at work (of course taking into account certain exceptions to these rules, eg for the continuity of care). Employees who have to go in quarantine must keep themselves. It is important that the information and guidelines of the competent authorities in Saken Contacts (but also with regard to quarantine and testing) are clear so that the employer, employee work doctors could each meet their obligations at their level: unfortunately there are quite some websites that provide conflicting information about this . In addition, it is also possible to signal the employer after determining a number of infections in the work context that additional prevention measures, eg regarding hygiene, ventilation, or organization of work needed to limit the virus spread (art. 4, § 3 of the decision). The employer reviews the risk analysis if necessary, requests advice from the competent prevention advisers consults as quickly as possible and prior to taking the measures, about any additional prevention measures with the Committee for Prevention and Protection at WorkArticle 5 HELLOP The importance of combating the distribution of COVID-19 applies that the tasks that are imposed on the employer in this decision, in particular in terms of contact detection, quarantine entests, are given priority over the other assignments and tasks of the employer , such as the periodic health supervision, the spontaneous consultations, the prior health assessments, the reintegration assessments, etc. This principle is proposed in paragraph 1 of this article. As a result, the work doctor will have more or less time during certain periods, in function of the power of the pandemic in the regions, in addition to the tasks in the context of combating the distribution of COVID-19 , are usual tasks and assignments to perform in the context of the health supervision. As long as the virus is not under control in our society, it may not be possible for the employer to also perform his usual tasks and assignments. Therefore, paragraph 2 of this article provides that the employment doctor must determine which of being a tasks and assignments in the context of the health supervision will then perform priority: he must start from the name list of employees who subject to the compulsory health supervision and prioritize the Most vulnerable employees (such as young people, temporary workers, starting employees, employees with health problems, etc.). The employer consults with the employer about the adjustments that he will implement to health supervision so that this can also be done practically. In this context, the employer can of course also indicate which specific employees' function that is essential in the company to ensure the continuity and safety of the activities in the company, so that the employment doctor also keeps the account of it. In this context, the guidelines of the Inspectorate Supervision of the Welfare Work (CFR. D.d. 20 May 2020, www.werk.belgie.be) can also count as a useful guideline for the employer, for example, can be given to "employees who previously received a different suitability on the health assessment form, or where 2/3 recommendations are stated, or whose validity is a shorter period, or employees who had complaints or deviating results in supplementary actions. Also the degree of exposure and risks Connected to the exercise of certain functions can be a criterion. The extension of the periodicity that came into force last year also helps if employees have undergone a periodic health assessment last year. In that case, the investigations can be limited to additional medical procedures . " Furthermore, the inspection of the Inspectorate states that the investigations in the event of work, the spontaneous consultations, the investigations in the context of motherhood protection and of the fitness of driving are further carried out. Risky technical examinations or non-essential investigations where the risk contamination of the equipment or transfer to employees is increased are best avoided (eg spirometry). One exception applies to determining the priorities: the preceding university reviews should in any case be carried out: these health assessments are essential to be able to recruit new employees, and there is no health file of them yet. The prior health assessment must not only be priority executed; This also requires a physical examination from the employee (and is therefore not possible via teleconsultation): in this case, it is a (candidate) employee who (usually) does not yet know the employment doctor so that he does not make an estimate of the suitability of this (candidate -) Employee to perform a specific function or perform certain activities, and it is also not possible to physically assess this suitability without physically examining the employee. This therefore assumes that the employee cannot be employed in a new position without a declaration of suitable for this due to a prior health assessment for this. Moreover, it is about vulnerable employees such as starting employees, young people, trainees, temporary workers, etc. In situations where it is not strictly necessary to see an employee physically or investigate, teleconsultations (video or telephone) can possibly be used temporarily. Articles 5, § 3 listly for which examinations or actions this is possible. The Isigor is not recommended to make a decision to unsuitability purely on the basis of a teleconsultation. The employment practitioner also takes into account the recommendations of the Order of Doctors regarding Teleconsultaties (eg Advisory Nr166, can be consulted via https://www.ordomedic.be/nl/adviezen/advies/teleconsultatie-met-het-oog-op-het-stel-van-en-Diagnose-en-het-Voorstel-en-een -Treatment-2). The form for the health assessment form states in box F that the investigation is via teleconsultation running. The employee of course always has the option to see the employer if Hijdit wishes. Article 6thit article regulates the consequences of the adjustments to the health supervisor for the employer and the employer. For a number of obligations, the Codex imposes content entry into entatives that cannot be achieved as a result of the health crisis (eg with regard to periodic health supervision, health assessments and additional medical actions must follow the contents that are imposed in Annex I.4-5 ). Article 6 therefore allows exceptionally to be performed at a later date than the Codex prescribes (eg as a result of a continuous pressure on the work doctors as a result of the contact detection). This means that the obligations will have to be overtaken at a later time, unless that is without object. For example, it is not possible for a health assessment in the context of the periodic health supervision that is not possible at the planned time, it can possibly be postponed with BV. 1 month: Then this health assessment can be made up later. If that is also not possible, the labor art decisions to possibly be replaced by an additional additional act (which may or may not be done via teleconsultation). If the employee is no longer a service, or the time of the following health assessment is being reached for the previous ISinge, it is without the object to catch up (eg if the previous health assessment in March has disappeared due to lockdown, and this one and this one cannot be made up within the year, or if the employee in question is temporarily unemployed for a long period). If the resumption investigation that cannot be done that cannot be done, then it makes little sense to pick it up when the employee is in the meantime back to work and is also without object. Naturally, spontaneous consultations are always possible if the employee feels the need to contact the employment totally or not continue the normal investigations in the context of health supervision. The consequence of these adjustments to health supervision is of course, to the extent that health supervision cannot be carried out by the employment doctor in time, this makes a situation of force majeure for the employer, if this situation of force majeure is at least due to the employer himself. This provision does not prevent the employment doctor from continuing to have a proceeding in order to perform the usual tasks and assignments in the health supervision as much as possible. This provision therefore does not mean a free -guided in for the employer for the health supervision as provided for in the Codex without a doubt aside because of the Coronapandemie. If the employment doctor gets the space at a certain moment (again) to exercise this health supervision, that will also have to be done, and this as far as possible in accordance with the provisions of the Codex (ie also physical examinations when these are (again) possible according to a frequency that fits in as well as possible with this that is legally foreseen). Articles, the provisions in this KB have an important impact on the health supervision of employees, the employer must immediately inform the employees and the committee about the measures that are the result of this decision , for example, that certain health reviews are postponed or (partially) replaced by additional medical acts, about the importance of cooperating with the employer in the context of the contact opening, the agreements i.v.m. the quarantine, etc. In addition, he must also frame the adjustments in their context, namely that the adjustment of the health care facilities is due to the additional obligations that rest on the employment doctor as a result of the Corona Pandemie. Lesser extent can be performed because the additional tasks to combat the distribution of COVID-19 at work are replaced, the same also applies to the tariffing. The Codex stipulates in Book II, Title 3 that the employer owes the external Prevention Service Stone of Fixed Minimum Biping annually for which he is entitled to a number of performance due to this external prevention service in exchangeFor employers of groups C and D (who do not have an internal prevention advisor level I or II), certain tasks of the employment practitioner are considered general performance within the meaning of Article II.3-16, § 1 of the Codex: this is The case for tasks in the context of contact detection, for the provision of quarantine certs and for referring to testing. This explicitly does not apply to the purchase of tests (cf. art. 3, first paragraph, 4 ° of this Decree): these are not included in the so -called 'basic package' sole can be invoiced for taking a test yourself by the employer. In addition, in certain circumstances in certain circumstances in a number of cases external financing, the employment specialty is available (eg the tests from employees in certain circumstances by the employment doctor's consultation with the regional health inspector to dike an outbreak in residential care centers). Pre-grot employers of groups A, B and C+ (which have at least one internal prevention level I or II), it applies that they can use prevention units for the tasks that the employer performs the framework of contact detection, providing quarantine certificates and referring the reference to the reference , in accordance with Article II.3-16, § 2, first paragraph of the Codex (or, after exhaustion of the prevention units, by charging them in accordance with Article II.3-19, § 2, 2 ° of the codex) . Here too, no rules are determined for the invoices of tests purchased by the employer himself from employees (cf. art. 3, first paragraph, 4 ° of this Decree), so that it may be invoiced or remaining prevention units used. Article 9 Support for an Implementation Decree of the Welfare Act, the Inspectors of the General Directorate of Supervision of Welfare at Work have a general authority on the provisions of this Decree. Compliance with general obligations, such as the employer's information obligation in Article 5, § 4 of the Decree, are part of Vandeze general supervisory authority. Only if there are individual disputes of medical nature arising from the provisions of this Decree (eg regarding whether or not to determine in quarantine or not who is high-risk contact), these should be dealt with by the Doctor's Social Inspectors of the Ad Tw. For the punishment, the infringements of this provisions and a half can be punished in accordance with the Social Criminal Code: Article 127 SSW provides for this sanction level 3, which can be weighted for sanction level 4, when health damage was inflicted by the employee. The authority of the AD TWW applies without prejudice to the powers of other inspection services, such as the regional health inspectors, which are competent for the check on the contact detection and quarantine. Articles 10 and 11 Article 10 determines the date of entry into force of the Decree, namely on the day of publication in the Belgian Official Gazette, and Article 11 determines the competent Minister for the implementation of this Decree. Given in Brussels, January 5, 2021.Filipvan Koningsweight: The Minister of Work, P.-Y. Dermagne January 5, 2021.-Royal Decree on the role of the prevention advisor-worker's at the fight against the Coronavirus COVID-19 Filip, King of the Belgians , To be all of them now and hereinafter referred to our regards on the law of 4 August 1996 on the welfare of the employees in the execution of their work, Article 4, § 1, numbered in the Act of 7 April 1999 and amended by the law of 28 February 2014, and Article 40, § 3, amended by the law of 27 November 2015; In view of the Social Criminal Code, Article 17, § 1, amended by the Special Powder Decree No 37 of 24 June 2020; Having regard to the Codex Overhet Welfare at Work, Book I, Title 4, amended by the law of 5 May 2019 and the Royal Decree of 14 May 2019, and Book II, Title 3, amended by the Royal Decree of 14 May 2019; Given the decisions containing urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 the Supreme Court for Prevention and Protection at work, given on November 20 ,2020; In view of the Advice No 68,500 of the Council of State, given on December 21, 2020, with application of Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the coordinated laws on the Council of State; on the nomination of the Minister of Work , We have decided and we decide: introductory provisions Article 1This Decree aims to regulate the additional specific tasks of the prevention advisor-labor doctor's framework of combating the Coronapandemie in the companies and institutions, as well as the impact of this on his work in the context of the performance of the Health Supervision Deputy, and this as long as long The urgent measures to prevent the spread of the coronavirus apply and have an impact on the work of the prevention advisor-worker's. Art.2. For the purposes of the provisions of this Decree, the following concepts are quoted: 1 ° labor doctor: the prevention advisor-labor doctor of the internal or external service for prevention protection at work; 2 ° enterprise: the companies, associations and services, in the private and the public sector; 3 ° Codex: Codex on well -being at work; 4 ° committee: the Committee for Prevention and Protection at work, in the absence of a committee, the trade union delegation, and in the absence of a trade union delegation, the employees themselves, in accordance with the provisions of article 53 of the Law of 4 August 1996 on the well-being of employees in the implementation of their work; 5 ° Arts-Social Inspector: the Arts-Social Inspector of the General Executive Supervision Welfare at the work of the Federal Public Service Employment, Labor and Social Consultation .CHAPTER 1. - Additional specific tasks for the employer in the context of combating the Coronapandemie in the companies Art. 3. With a view to efficiently combating the Coronapandemie in companies and in application of Article I.4-2, f) of the Codex, the employer is charged with the following additional specific tasks: 1 ° the detection of the high-risk contacts in the company, taking into account the guidelines of the competent authority, in the following situations: - Vanzodra He has knowledge of an employee who is COVID -19 Positive and this employee was in the company in the days prior to the decrease of the test or the occurrence of the symptoms; -As soon as he has indications that there is a risk of an outbreak in the company; 2 ° providing a quarantine test as referred to in the special powers decision No. 37 of 24Juni 2020 to implement articles 2 and 5 of the law of March 27, 2020 that authorization grants the King to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the COVID-19 Coronavirus (II) to support the employees, to the employees of the company that are considered by the employer ashoogrisica Contacts; The employer informs the employer of this so that HIJEROP can monitor the employee during the quarantine to the rules regarding permitted work; 3 ° referring to the decrease in a test on COVID-19 of the following employees are the diefsics present at the work, and this in accordance with the test strategy that is determined by the competent authority: a) employees who were identified by the employment practitioner as high -risk contact as determined in the first paragraph, 1 °; b) employees for whom the employer judges that a test is necessary in the company to keep a (imminent) outbreak under control, in the cluster management; c) employees who usually do not stay in Belgium and are only temporary work here, and of which at least one symptoms exhibits or has tested positively on COVID-19, in the context of cluster management; d) employees who have to make foreign journeys in the context of their work and where a negative COVID-1 9 Test is necessary to be able to perform their work; e) employees in certain specific circumstances if this is decided by the authority with the consent of the Federal Public Service Employment, Labor and Social Consultation. 4 ° the employment doctor, or the nursing staff under his responsibility, can take a test on COVID-19 in 3 ° in 3 ° if the employer considers this more appropriate, and the correct personal protective equipment and the correct test material are used. The employer also keeps the test strategy of the competent authority into account. The employer reports the results of the tests he purchases to the competent authorities, according to the modalities set by these governments. The employer who, following the performance of the tasks, determines that additional measures are needed To limit further distribution of the coronavirus in the company or to prevent outbreaks, this reports to the employer.art. 4. § 1The employer and the employees provide their full cooperation to the labor doctors provide the employment doctor all the necessary information to be able to perform his duties referred to in this decision, in particular by reporting any contamination that can be relevant to preventing the spread of the coronavirus in the workplace . § 2. If the employer as a result of his duties in Article 3, proposes measures to prevent further distribution of the coronavirus in the enterprise or outbreaks, the employer will consequence. The employer goes or the previous prevention measures must be adjusted to limit the further distribution of the corona virus in the company or to prevent outbreaks, and consults on this urgently and prior to the committee. § 3. The employer and the employees live the procedures prescribed by the competent authorities regarding contact detection, quarantine and tests after. - Implementation of health supervision of employees during the period that the urgent measures to limit the distribution of the COVID-19 Coronavirus are applicable art. 5. §1. For the duration of the health crisis, the employment practitioner gives priority to the tasks referred to in Article3 above his other assignments and tasks in the context of the Health Supervision referred to in the Codex.§ 2. In addition to the tasks stated in Article 3 and after consultation with the The employer, the employer decides which assignments and tasks regarding health supervision should be priority, in which order and for which employees, and this in function of the priority needs in the protection of health and safety of those employees. The prior health assessments are in any case implemented. § 3. During the duration of the health crisis, the work doctor can decide to do the following consultations via video consultation or by telephone to limit the risk of contamination, unless it is necessary to physically see or investigate the employee:- Research in resumption; - Research in the context of maternity protection;- spontaneous consultation; - Visit prior to the resumption of work;- medical questions as an additional medical act, carried out by or under the responsibility of the labor doctor. The Labor doctor mentions this in the employee's health file. He also takes into account the recommendations of the Order of Doctors, including the advice with regard to teleconsultations. Art. 6. In the extent that the application of this Decree makes the timely compliance of certain obligations regarding health supervision impossible, these will be performed on a later time in accordance with the principles determined in Article 5 of this Decree unless that is without object. Art. 7. The employer informs the Committee and the employees involved immediate the measures taken in the context of this Decree, and in particular adjustments to the health supervision as determined by the codex, as well as the reasons for these adjustments. Chapter 3. - Tarifing Art. 8. § 1. For the employer of Group C or D, who does not have a prevention advisor who has terminated an additional level I or II in his internal service, the tasks referred to in Article 3, 1 °, 2 ° are the tasks as referred to in Article 3, 1 °, 2 ° and 3 ° considered as common performance in exchange for the flat-rate minimum contribution as referred to in Article II.3-16, §1 of the Codex. § 2. For the employer of Group A, B or C, who in his internal service is a prevention adviser who has terminated an additional training level I or II with fruit, the tasks referred to in Article 3, 1 °, 2 ° and 3 ° charged on the prevention units as referred to in Article II.3-16, § 2, first paragraph of the Codex, or after exhaustion of the prevention units in accordance with article II.3-19, § 2, 2 ° of the codex. Chapter 4. - Supervision Art. 9. Without prejudice to the powers of other inspection services regarding contact detection, quarantine and tests, the inspectors of the General Directorate of Supervision of Welfare at Work are charged with the supervision of the pays for the decisions of this Decree. Disputes of a medical nature are treated by the competent doctor-social inspector. Chapter 5. - Final provisions Art. 10. This decision enters the day on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. Art. 11. The Minister for Work for Work is responsible for the implementation of this decision in Brussels, 5 January 2021.filipvankoning: the Minister of Work, P.-Y. Dermagne _______e Note (1) References to the Belgian Official Gazette: Law of 4 August 1996, Belgian Official Gazette of 18 September 1996.social Criminal Code of 6 June 2010, Belgian Official Gazette of 1 July 2010.codexover Het Welzijn at work, Belgian Official Gazette of 2 June 2017.