Publication: 2021-04-06Numac: 2021041108ministerie of the French Community 21 March 2021.-Decree consenting to the cooperation agreement of 12 March 2021 between the federal state, the Flemish Community, the French Community, the German community committee, the Walloon Region and the French Community Commission on the processing of data with regard to vaccinations against COVID-19Te parliament of the French Community has adopted and we, government, ratify what follows: any article. - approval with the cooperation agreement of 12 March 2021 between the federal state, the Flemish community, the French Community, the German-speaking community, the common community committee, the Walloon Region and the French Community Commission on the processing of data with regard to COVID-19 . Discharge this decree, order that it will be announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. Brussels, 25 March 2021.The Prime Minister, P.-Y. Bruxelles Enseigement ", Fr. Daardende vice-president and minister of child, health, culture, media and women's rights, b. Linarde Ministervan Higher Education, Education for Social Promotion, University Hospitals, Assistance to Youth, Justice Houses, Youth, Sport and the Promotion of Brussels, v. Glatignydeminister of Education, c. Desir______notaziting 2020-2021pieces of parliament. -Design of Decree, no. 212-1. - Text adopted during the plenary meeting, nr. 212-2integral report. - Discussion and contracting. - Meeting of March 24, 2021.Publication: 2021-04-07NUMAC: 2021041119BRUSSELS Capital Regional Letter of the Brussels-Capital Government of 26 March 2021 on the guidelines for the Personnel Management of the Regional Public Services and the Institutions of Public Nut of the Brusselshoofdstley Region in the context of the Coronavirus (framework of the Coronavirus)) Dear colleagues, Mrs., Mr, the Government wants to remind the various services concerning the guidelines concerning the Coronavirus COVID-19, which you can find on www.coronavirus.brussels and www.sciensano.be. Provisions for situations that can be confronted with the Pandemaemie Coronavirus Pandemie.1. What is the general rule? The current rules apply to statutory and contractual staff members. Zolangu is not sick, the staff members are expected to continue to perform their duties. To prevent infection under the staff members with the coronavirus as much as possible, telework is mandatory. It is to the establishment of public utility or the government service to ensure that every staff member of which the position of home works. The staff members who perform a function does not can be carried out via telework, service exemption can be granted if their presence on the workplace or at any other place is not required. It is further recommended to organize each meeting or training in digital way. In addition, the employer is invited to temporarily broaden the variable tribal times for arrival in the morning (7 am-10 am) and for departure in the evening (3 pm to 6 pm) for employees whose presence is necessary at the office, and this to avoid movements with public transport during peak hours. first place, and until further notice, telewerk V there all the days of the week (i.e. Outside the planned contingent of teleworking days) is mandatory, provided that the continuity of the service is insured. The staff members must ask and receive prior permission from the functional chef. The latter must ensure that the continuity of the services remains insured and, if necessary, requests, in a reasoned manner, for the presence of the staff members at the office. Personnel members who have to telecute must remain available during working hours and report on their workplace if necessary or on request. Requested to enter the designated code in the system used by your institution.1.2 Personnel members with tasks that cannot be met in telework for staff members who are not able to perform their function or certain tasks related to their function via telework, er different situations are conceivable.1.2 .1 The staff member performs tasks that are not essential, this includes staff members who are responsible for the cleaning up the office or for the catering. The functional chef views together with the staff member other tasks that can be performed in telewerk . If no other tasks can be imposed in telework in consultation with the staff member, it is recommended to provide the staff member service exemption. Personnel members for whom service exemption has been designated must be admitted to the managerial official or delegate in advance. This must ensure that the continuity of the services remains insured Enkan, if necessary, with reasons, impose the presence of the employees in question. The personnel must remain available during working hours and must be able to be present at the workplace if necessary or requested. Staff members retain their Wedde.2.2.2 The staff member performs a position during the service exemption that is essential to be considered to perform these tasks or function further at the workplace or the imposed place as was the case for DecoraCrisis. The employer is obliged to make the necessary safety measures Take to guarantee the safety of the staff. The staff member also follows the necessary regulations. The leading official must record what is considered essential tasks or functions. This determination can also be made - if motivation - for non -operational services, branches or external services. For example, can be considered essential tasks: -fuilnis collection, garbage treatment and cleaning;- Parking supervision;- Fire controls Urgent medical assistance, as well as any supporting tasks such as maintenance of vehicles or any other supporting tasks that cannot be performed via telework-- the employees of Actiris who perform their functions in the branches.13 In principle, the counters for the public delicettes must close, unless the continuity of the regional public service must be guaranteed and if this services are considered essential. To ensure the continuity of public services, the leading official for the relevant counter can decide Loket (partially) remains open or that the counter works by appointment. In any case, measures must be taken to guarantee healthy working conditions. This implies that staff working at a counter, among other things Keeping distance opposite visitors;- regularly wash their hands (40-60 seconds with water + soap or 20-30 seconds with hydroal alcoholic gel);- Touching eyes, mouth or nose with the hands avoiding if the hands are not clean; who prefer to deposit in a waste bin with a lid;- Mouth and Neu s Cover at coughing or sneezing;- avoid close contact with people who show symptoms of disorders (eg. Cough, sneezing ...). If a sick citizen still has to give documents, they must be placed on the table and not be handed over. After all, coronaviruses spread through people and animals. In other words, documents are not an important carrier in the spread of the virus. It is recommended to use hydroalcoholic gel after the treatment of the documents. To make the reception rooms as safe as possible, requested capacity of the waiting rooms are limited to half and to do all types of agreements with external customer plans insofar as they are necessary can be organized and/or fixed time blocks for visitors.2. What is the effect on the remuneration of the statutory and contractual staff members? Staff members of Telewerken do not experience any impact on their wage. Days in Telewerk are working days and are completely counted to determine the salary and seniority. In addition, the staff member Telewerk is entitled to meal vouchers. Furthermore, the leave scheme and the provisions regarding work accidents and occupational diseases remain in full to the teleworker. The service exemption is an absence during the service hours for a certain duration with the retention of rights. Employees in service exemption therefore receive a wage and are in service activity. The period is fully included for the determination of seniority. However, in service exemption collapses, no meal vouchers.3. You are at work and feel fluhy? Best your functional chef and the competent HR service that will give you admission to leave it to go home or to receive medical care. The day on which you have left work due to illness is considered a work worked: no medical certificate is needed for that day and no disease day is charged. If your doctor prescribes sick leave for several days, send a certificate to the medical control service And notify your functional chef and the HR service (suspected duration, place of residence, abandoned house or not). In the event of an extension of sick leave, you must send a new certificate and to inform your functional chef and HR service again.4. You are at home and feel fluhy? Inform your functional chef and HR service in time, according to the normal agreements that always apply to a disease report (on the HRM's heights and your HRM as provided for in work regulations, if necessary a medical certificate to the medical control service, ...). 5. Someone from your family has flu? Respecting practical hygiene tips that are on www.info-coronavirus.be and www.sciensano.be. In this way, the chance that you will also be infected is certainly smaller. To be the care of your sick family members can take a number of leave in accordance with the legal position scheme applicable. 2018 included in point 13 of this circular letter can include one of the following leave:- annual leave, provided that your functional chef agrees. In any case, the staff member has the right to take four working days leave within his annual leave to be a sick person with Who lives with the staff member under the same roof. The staff member must submit a medical certificate to the functional chefThis quota can be extended by two additional working days;- leave for mandatory family reasons (maximum 45 working days per year, unpaid);- prophylactic leave, under certain conditions: your spouse or the person with whom you live together or Family member who lives under the same roof as you, has a disease that his doctor decides is very serious and highly contagious. You must ask your doctor to contact the main doctor of the Medical Center of the Medical Control Service of the Administrative Health Service, which includes, to determine the most appropriate prevention measures in mutual consultation, including chemoprofylaxene prophylactic leave. This leave is paid. At the closure of daycare center, class or school because of coronone more favorable more favorable regulations at the federal level, when the staff member finds himself in one of the following situations: 1 ° When a residents a minor child of 15 years old is not allowed to go to the daycare because the daycare center, the class whether the child's school is concluded as a result of a measure to stop the spread of the SARS-COV-2 Coronavirus; 2 ° when the staff member has a disabled child, regardless of his or her age, and whether this child cannot be in a Center for Handicapped Persons can go, because this center has been concluded as a result of a measure to stop the spread of the SARS-COV-2 Coronavirus. . If the function is not compatible in initially, there must be in Samenspra AK with the staff member to be examined to the maximum whether an adjustment of the labor scheme is possible. The possibilities of alternative reception must also be viewed by the relevant personnel member (eg partner who also does telework). Pass If this piste does not provide any other options, the staff member will be presented with service exemption. The staff member remains available to his employer , as described in point 1 of this circular. The telework or the service exemption on a staff member continues to apply as long as the child involved cannot go to the daycare center, the school or the center for the disabled persons. The staff member must immediately be available for his employer Inform. There should be a certificate of the daycare center, the school or the Center for Handicapped Persons, the staff member must be handed over his hierarchy, in which it is confirmed that the closure of the institution or of the class is the consequence of a measure to distribute the sars C OV-2 to stop Coronavirus. This certificate must state the period of closure.7. A colleague has flu? Respect all the practical hygiene tips on www.info-coronavirus.be and www.sciensano.be.8. Departure to foreigners Return after staying outside Belgiume FUM Affairs has communicated a series of recommendations instructions on departure and return of trips from abroad since the Summer Fan 2020. We remind of the fact that non-essential trips are prohibited. It is important to refer to the website https://diplomatie.belgium.be/nl to know the last in force and to ensure that they are respected within the Brussels government institutions. If a staff member still serves an essential journey despite everything to do business, and especially when his function is not eligible for telework, he is invited to contact his functional chef and his HR service to guarantee the continuity of the service and organization of the work, in particular if the staff member in Quarantine must be returned after his return. As an employer, the region indeed guarantees the continuity of public service on the one hand, but on the other hand for the health and safety of staff members, as stated in the Welfare on the Work Act. Safety and health at work is not only the assignment of the entire hierarchical line, but is also the responsibility of the staff members. It is therefore important that it is good manner of this in this regard, between the staff and their managers. Agreements with regard to the way on which the work is organized can be taken in consultation. If the staff member has a certificate of Quarantaine, he may be eligible for an exemption from service, if his position is not compatible with Telewerk. However, this does not exclude that every concrete situation can be specifically assessedBefore placing the staff member in service exemption, it is examined whether another division of tasks is not possible in order to make the staff member work in Telewerkte. From preventing any form of abuse, we are asked to formalize the appointment of the employer and the staff. We remind us of it that, since the virus has not yet disappeared, the measures applicable in Belgium (barrier registry, the wearing of one -mask, hygiene measures and safe distance) must also be respected abroad.9. The staff member must travel abroad: Traveling trips abroad For professional reasons, the person responsible for the Insteling milk must view a specific case in the light of the evolution of the situation at the place of destination. He must use the website https://diplomatie.belgium.be/ NL.9BIS. Permission to be absent during service hours to be vaccinated. If his labor regimeen makes other scheme possible, the staff member is given permission to be absent for 48 minutes for a maximum of 3 hours to be vaccinated. The staff member retains his wage and the premiums and allowances applicable to him. The staff member informs his hierarchically several prior to vaccination. The hierarchical superior, in turn, informs HRM. The staff member also informs his hierarchically superior The duration for absence during service hours must be extended because of a reason that the will of the staff member lies. After the vaccination, the staff member must be Provide proof of the vaccination to the HRM. For the positions considered essential, as stated in point 1.2.2 of this circular letter, the staff members must ensure that they schedule, as much as possible, to record an appointment outside the service hours that criticism are for the continuity of the service.10. A spoc: talent.brusselsbinnen Talent.Brussels is a spoc set up available to your HR services to answer all questions regarding the interpretation or detention of this circular letter. We ask you to organize the necessary communication to your civil servant and to provide internal spocs for your employees if you consider it necessary. To inform you as soon as possible of the recent information. The Spoc can be reached at jur@talent.brussels, from 8 am to 5 pm. Your questions will be answered as soon as possible.11. Business continuity planom The good functioning of your services in the case of a pandemic to guarantee I ask you to undertake the necessary to have a business continuity plan as quickly as possible. Via this link you will find the model that makes the crisis center available: https: //centredecrise.be/sites/default/files/2009_bcm_method_nl.pdf12.Amons of public services and regional institutions of public utility regarding the possible remediation for the preservation of the Public service staff members who exercise essential and necessary functions for citizens and the state (in a general sense) can be demanded by the legal authority. You must therefore ensure that the employees who perform these functions remain available for service.13. Legal Foundation Decree of the Brussels-capital Government of 26 January 2017 on Telewerk, in particular Article 9, Lettute ID that states that the Secretary General and the Deputy Secretary General or the leading officials or the management body of the public utility institutions can adopt a special working time scheme -Decree of the Brussels-Capital Government of 21 March 2018 on the administrative statuuten the remuneration scheme of the officials of the regional government services of Brussels, in the special way 165 that forms the legal basis for the granting of service exemption, this article also also applies to the contractual Staff members;- Decree of the Brussels-Capital Allocation of 21 March 2018 on the administrative status and the remuneration scheme of the officials of the public utility institutions of the Brussels-Capital Region, in particular Article158 that the Gro ND forms for the granting of service exemption, this article is also applicable to the contractual staff members;- the ministerial decision of 28 October 2020 holding measures to limit the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19.14.14Canceliency deposits letter from the Brussels-Capital Government of 3 December 2020 on the guidelines for the personnel management of the regional government services and the institutions of the public utility of the Brussels-Capital Region in the context of the Coronavirus (COVID-19) is canceled.Brussel, 26 March 2021.voorThe Brussels-Capital Government: the Prime Minister of the Brussels-Capital Government, r.Vervoortde Minister competent for the public official, s.Gatz