Publication: 2021-03-17NUMAC: 2021030519Federal Public Service Home Affairs 9 March 2021.-Ministerial Circular Letter on the absence for vaccination against COVID-19 of the operational staff members of the assistance zones-featured chairman currently used all resources to have the population of the population to be used It is of great importance that all citizens get the chance to be vaccinated. This certainly also applies to the operational staff members of the assistance zones, as referred to in Article 14 of the Act of 15 May 2007 on civil security. For the sake of the operationality of the service, it has been rejected that a vaccination can be as smooth as possible, without difficulties or disadvantages for the operational staff member. With this circular letter I want to give guidelines to the assistance zones for their operational staff members: the professional firefighters and the voluntary firefighters, deburs ambulanciers and the Voluntary ambulance officers. The operational staff member who is invited to be vaccinated at a time when he/she is obliged to perform performance before the assistance zones pursuant to the labor scheme imposed on him/her, the service may leave the necessary time and receives a missionary chair for this. If applicable, the shipment chair for each required injection. This means that professional firefighters will retain their wage and the premium for operationality and irregular performance during the duration of the shipment. The professional ambulanciers retain their paving and, if the granting conditions are met, their allowance irregular performance during the duration of the shipment. The voluntary firefighters and ambulance persons maintain their performance fee and, if the granting conditions are paid, their allowance for impaired performance during the duration of the shipment. In addition, the other modalismal ones continue to be determined in the zonal regulations regarding shipments (1). The operational staff member reports to the zone commander, or his representative that he/she wishes to go to an invitation to vaccination and this at the latest Two days prior to the vaccination. This with a view to maintaining the operationality of the service. At the request of the zone commander, or his delegate, the staff member explains proof of his initial call for vaccination. Things are granted for the relocation to and from the vaccination site, the vaccination itself and dust pause following the vaccination. This letter is valid from February 1, 2021 up to and with31 December 2021. I would like to ask these rules correctly for respect and recognition for these staff members who work every day in the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie. Heogend.brussel, March 9, 2021.a. Verlinden, Minister of the Interior, Institutional Reforms and Democratic Renovation _________ Note (1) See Article 3 of the Royal Decree of 19 April 2014 on the remuneration scheme of the Operational Personnel of the Relief ZonesPublication: 2021-04-13Numac: 2021030647 Ministerie of the French Community 11 March 2021.-Decree consenting with the cooperation agreement of 25 February 2021 amending the Framework Agreement to cooperation of 27 February 2014 between the French Community, the Walloon Region and the French Commission concerning the inter-franse-speaking health and assistance to persons and concerning common principles that apply to the latter to cope with the COVID-19 Emergency Seveuur situations of the French Community and we, government, ratify what follows: any Article - Agreement is granted with the cooperation agreement of 25 February 2021 amending the Framework Agreement of 27 February 2014 between the French Community, the Walloon Region and the French Community Commission relevant the Inter -Franstal Consultation on Health and Assistance to Persons and concerning Communitysc Maarlijkeprec principles that apply to the latter to cope with the COVID-19 Emergency situations.kondegendit decree, orders that it will be announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. Brussels, 11 March 2021. The Prime Minister, P.-Y . Jallessed vice president and minister's budget, civil servants, equal opportunities and supervision of "Wallonie-Bruxelles Enseigement", Fr.Daerden Vice Presidente and Minister of Child, Health, Culture, Media and Women's Rights, B.Linardde Minister of Higher Education, Education for Social Promotion , University hospitals, providing assistance to youth, justice houses, youth, sports and promotion of Brussels, v. Glatignydeminister of Education, c. Desir_____notazite 2020-2021pieces of parliament. Design of Decree, no. 207-1.- Text adopted during the Plenary meeting, no. 207-2.Tegral report. - Discussion and contracting. - Meeting of 10 March 2021Cooperation agreement amendment of the Framework Agreement to cooperation of 27 February 2014 between the French Community, the Walloon Region and the French Community Commission on the consultation between French speakers of the people of the French and assistance to persons and on the common principles that are applicable in these matters to be the head to COVID-19 Emergency Standing on the Special Act of 8 August 1980 for the reform of the institutions, amended by the special law of 16 July1993, Article 5, § 1, I and II, and Article 92bis, § 1; Having regard to the special decree of the French Community of 3 April 2014 on the powers of the French Community, of which the exercise is transferred to the Walloon Region and to the French Community Commission, Article13; Having regard to the decree of the Meeting of the French Community Commission of 4 April 2014 on the powers of the French Community, the exercise of which is OVE in the past The Walloon Region and the French Community Commission, Article 13; Having regard to the Decree of the Walloon Region of 11 April 2014 on the powers of the French Community, of which the Deputy Exercise is transferred to the Walloon Region and the French Community Commission, Article 13; must be found to cope with the emergency states arising the COVID-19 Pandemie and that the Framework Agreement of 27 February 2014 between the French Government, the Walloon Region and the French Community Commission on the consultation between French-speaking health and social assistance to persons and people and assistance concerning the common principles that apply to these matters, must be changed without delay, in order to speed up the consultation of the Ministerial Committee and the consultation body in the context of the adoption of legislation or regulations that are specifically oriented on the fight against COVID-19; Whereas the management of the Depandemia requires extreme reactivity and a large number of changes to decrees and regulations with that that must be urgently approved (in particular on the basis of Article 3 or Article84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973), in terms of decisions of the consultation committee or of the Interministerial Conference Molk Health, and which have already largely been coordinated between the federal states; The deadlines determined in the cooperation agreement are incompatible with this requirement of mandatory heightness; nature is provided; Whereas the consultation is made by the Ministers of Public Health and Ministers Presidents, on the one hand, in the Interministerial Fense Public Health and, on the other hand, in the consultation committee for the files on the fight against COVID-19 for which consultation is required for the urgent need for the urgent that the urgent needs of urgent that the urgent need for the urgentness is required that the urgent need for the urgent that the urgent needs are required that the urgent need for urgent that the urgent need for the urgent needs is the urgent needs that the urgent need for the urgentness that the urgent needs is the urgentness of the urgentness that the urgent need for the urgent is, it is necessary to conclude a cooperation agreement, intermediate dephranse community, represented by its government in the person of Prime Minister P-Y Jehole; Hetwaal's region, represented by his government in the person of Prime Minister E. di Rupo; Defran community committee, Represented by her college in the person of chairwoman B. Tracht, article1. In Chapter V of the Framework Agreement for cooperation of 27 February 2014 between the French Community, the Walloon Region and the French Community Commission on the consultations between French -speakers in case and assistance to persons and concerning the common principles that are in these matters, a section 2 /1 inserted with the inscription "The procedure for extreme emergency states in the framework of combating the COVID-19 Pandemie". Art. 2. In section 2/1, inserted by Article 1, an Article 15/1 is inserted as follows: "Art. 15/1. If the preliminary draft, the proposal for decree or the draft regulatory decision that is subject to consultation specifically Fighting COVID-19 is aimed at, the Ministerial Committee and the consultative body are consulted and have a period of at most two calendar days to provide advice. If no advice has been issued within the period referred to in the previous paragraph, the formality is deemed to be met to be. ".Art. 3This cooperation agreement will take effect on 17 March 2021, provided that all consent standards before that date are the parliaments of the French Community and of the Walloon Region, as well as by the Meeting of the French Community Commission.In the absence of this, the agreement enters into force the day on which the last consent standard is adopted.Brussels, 25 February 2021, in the same number of copies as there are Contracting Departments, in the French language. For the government of the French Community: the Prime Minister, P-Y.Di Rupovoorhet College of the French Community Commission: the chairwoman of the college, B.Tracht