Publication: 2021-06-28NUMAC: 2021042347Federal Public Service Home Affairs 20 December 2019.-Act amending the law of 22 December 2009 on the general excise regulations to conversion of Directive (EU) 2019/475. - German translation below the following text is the German translation of the law of 20 December 2019 amending the law of 22 December2009 on the general excise duties for the conversion of Directive (EU) 2019/475 (Belgian State magazine of 24 December 2019). This translation has been drawn up by the Central Service for Gands Version in Malmedy.federaler Öffentlicher Service Finanzen20. Dezember2019 - Gesetz Zur Abänderung des Geges vom 22. Dezember 2009 über who allgemeine Akzisenregelung Zurumsetzung der Directline (EU) 2019/475philippe, Konig der Belgier, Allen Gegenwartigen Undzukunftigen, unser's dases! Vorliegenders Gesetz regulates Eine in Article 74 of the Verwähnte Angelegenheit.art.art.2 - Vorliegenders Gesetz must of the TeilumSetzung of the Directline (EU) 2019/475 des Rates Vom 18. February2019 Zur änderung der Directlinien 2006/118/Eg 118/Eg 118/Eg Hinsichtlich der Aufnahme of the Italienischengemeinde Campione d'Italia und des Zum Italienischen Biet Gehörenden des Luganer sees in Daszollgebiet der Union und in the Räumlichen Anwendungsbereich der District 2008/118/Eg.art.3 - in Article 5. 4 Buchstabe b) des Gesetzes vom 22. Dezijn 2009 über that were allgemeinezischitung of the Vorletzte und der Letzte Dankenstrich aufgehoben.art. 4 - Vorliegendesgesetz Tritt am 1. January 2020 in Kraft.wir fertigen das Vorliegende Gesetz aus und ordnenan, dass es mit dem Stategel Versehen und durch das Belgian state blatts veröffentlicht wird.gebenzu Brüssel Finanzena. The Croomit DEM Staatselgel Vershen: of the minister Justiz, k. GainPublication: 2021-07-06NUMAC: 2021042349Federal Public Service Finance24 April 2020.-Royal Decree to amend the KB/WIB 92 with regard to the further rules and modalities for submitting the companies that are recognized for temporary employment agency work in Article 2755, § 4, seventh paragraph, of the Code of Income Taxes 1992. - German translation below is the German translation of the Royal Decree of 24 April 2020 amending the KB/WIB 92 with regard to the closer rules and modalities for submitting by the companies recognized for temporary work in Article 2755, § 4 , Seventh paragraph, of the Income Taxes1992 Code (Belgian Official Gazette of 30 April 2020). This translation has been made up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.Föderaler Öffentlicherdienst Finanzen24. APRIL 2020 - Königlicher Erlass zur Abänderung des KE/EStGB 92 hinsichtlichder Regeln und Modalitäten für die Einreichung der in Artikel 2755 § 4 Absatz7 des Einkommensteuergesetzbuches 1992 erwähnten Bescheinigung durch die für Leiharbeit zugelassenenUnternehmenBERICHT AN DEN KÖNIGSire,im Königlichen Erlass vom 3. April2019 zur Abänderung des Ke/Estgb 92 Hinsichtlich der Rulst und Modalitäten für die Einreichung of the in article 2755 § 4 Absatz 7 des Einkommensteuergesetzbuches 1992 Erwähnten Bescheinigungsind that rule und Modalitäten Fürregunggungen, who's Einregunggunggungengungs, FoundeGunggunggunggungen, who's Einregunggunggungunggunggunggungs, 4 des Estgb 92 Vorgeseheneregelung, which Auf den Bereich der Systemschifffahrt Anwendbar Ist, mit der-Minimis-Verordnung (Verordnung (EU) No. 1407/2013 of the Kommission vom 18. Dezijn 2013 über die Die diewendung der Article 107 Arbeitsweise of the Europäischen Union Auf de-Minimis-Beihilfen) in üBerinstimmu ng zubringen.In Artikel 2755 § 4 Absatz 6 des EStGB 92 ist jedoch vorgesehen,dass für Leiharbeit zugelassene Unternehmen den in Artikel 2755 § 4 Absatz 1des EStGB 92 erwähnten Unternehmen (nachstehend: in der Systemschifffahrt tätige Unternehmen) gleichgestelltsind, wenn diese für Leiharbeit zugelassenen Unternehmen den in the Systemschifffahrt tätigen Unternehmenleileiharbeitnehmer Zur Verfügung. Damit soul of the Gesetzgeber Darauf ab, in Anlehnung an ähnliche, in Articlen 2751, 2755 §§ 1 bis 3, 2758und 2759 des Estgb 92 Erwähnte Maßnahmen eine Form der Transparenz zu, durch die eine befreiung Kommt, Ebenfalls auf ein für leiharbeitzugelassenes Unternehmen Anwendbar Sein Kann, Wenn Dieses Dem Erstgannten Unternehmen Einen Oder Mehrereleiharbeitnehmer Zur Verfügung Stellt. Damit Soll that gleichbehandlung von Entlohnungen, who immediately became vomarbeitgeber, und entlohnungen, who were indirectly eine leiharbeitsgentur, were sichergestellt. Befreiung von Einem für Leiharbeitzugelassenenen and Unternhmen Beantragt Wird, Das Einem in the Systemschifffahrt tätigen Unternhmen Einenoder Mehrere Leiharbeitnehmer Zur Verfügung Stellt. Diese Rechtunsicherheit Hat Bisher Obwert, Dassfür Leiharbeit Zugelassene Unternehmen Diese Regigung in Anpruch Nehmen. UM Dieser Rechtunsicherheitein Ende Zu Setzen, Wird mit Vorliegendem Entwurf daher Auch sweated, that rule und Modalitäten fürdie für leiharbeit Zugelassenen unternalhmen näher zuben, die -dannese bensterhmen, dannese bensette, these -die -hostahme. Erwähnten Ziel, Eine Ungleichbehandlung Zu Vermeiden Einerseits Entlohnungen, who were directly von Einem in the Systemschifffahrt tätigen Unternhmen. dem die Befreiung von einem für Leiharbeit zugelassenen Unternehmenbeantragt wird, in der in Artikel 2755 § 4 Absatz 7 des EStGB 92 erwähnten Bescheinigungdie Beihilfe des in der Systemschifffahrt tätigen Unternehmens angegeben werden muss, dem die Leiharbeitnehmerzur Verfügung gestellt werden, so als ob dieses in der Systemschifffahrt tätige Unternehmen selbst diein Artikel 2755 § 4 des EStGB 92 erwähnte Befreiung beantragt hätte.Dieshat also ebenfalls zur Folge, dass, wenn das für Leiharbeit zugelassene Unternehmen mehreren in der Systemschifffahrttätigen Unternehmen Leiharbeitnehmer zur Verfügung stellt, das erstgenannte Unternehmen mehrere Bescheinigungenübermitteln muss, Nämlich eine für Jedes in the Systemschifffahrt tätige Unternehmen, dem das für Leiharbeitzugelassene Unternehmen Leiharbeitnehmer Zur Verfügung StelltAlthough the exemption in the first line in the first line is benefited in the company approved for temporary work, it can be assumed that the exemption of exemption due to the functioning of the market is a lower cost price access of the company working in system shipping, which the agency workers will be available. companies approved for temporary work by the application this measure are exposed to an increased administrative effort and it must be possible to pass on the costs associated in whole or in part to the companies that the agency workers are made, do not aim to do the economic and contractual relationship between them to regulate both companies, it is recommended to be particularly attentive to the final temporary agency agreement between the company working in system shipping and the company for the company On the possibility that my administration in the following investigation determines the investigation she has carried out that the company working in system shipping, which the temporary workers are provided with, does not meet all terms of application. In the case of the debtor, the illegally liberated initial deduction is reclaimed, i.e. in this case with the company that the agency workers have made available and pays the remuneration of these employees. The fact that both contracting parties have all relevant information required to correctly fill out the certificate mentioned in Article 2755 § 4 paragraph 7 of the EStGB 92 and, if necessary, to correctly future-related de-minimis certificate. On the one hand, the company that the temporary workers made available in the system shipping company must be informed about any certificate that has been submitted to the company approved for temporary work as a result of the provision of temporary workers. On the other hand, the company approved for temporary work must be informed that the company operating in system shipping is part of the group of companies that belongs to system shipping, which belongs to it, during the ongoing taxation period of the two previous tax periods. This exchange of information is never asserted against my administration in order to justify a false -filled certificate. It is referred to the special case, in which the company approved for temporary work, which provides a temporary company in system shipping, is finally pointed out, as well as This is used in system shipping companies of the exemption mentioned in Article 2755 of the EStGB92. In this case, the exemption is found two different employers, both of which must be given the certificate mentioned in Article 2755 § 4 paragraph 7 of the EStGB 92. The question then arises in which certificate which aid should be accepted. In the report to the king for the royal decree of April 3, 2019 on the amendment of the KE/ESTGB 92 with regard to the rules and modalities for submitting the in Article 2755§ 4 paragraph 7 The certificate mentioned in 1992 has already been made that the amount of the exemption from the payment of the vocational tax deduction, which is requested in the second declaration for a certain declaration period, must also be noted in the certificate with regard to this period. In this way, the relevant debtor of the preliminary vocational tax tax is to be checked whether the DE-Minimis maximum amount is not exceeded by the requested exemption from the payment tax preliminary deduction. Article 3 paragraph 4 of the DE-Minimis regulation gilt as a permit time of a de-minimis allowance The time when the company acquires a legal right to the aid according to Belgian law regulations, regardless of when Diede-minimis allowance is actually paid to the company. Except for corrections, the time of approval in the form of a liberation from the payment of the vocational tax preliminary deduction for the application of this ordinance is the time at which the second declaration on the preliminary vocational tax deduction and the DE-Minimis certificate is submitted to the administration. who are submitted to the second explanations, important to determine the werwelche aid in the certificateHowever, both companies can - if they can submit a second explanation and a certificate for the same declaration period, depending on whether the liberation was served or not - also optes to include their respective exemption amounts in the certificate. In this case, the order in which these explanations and certificates are submitted is not important and one does not depend on the actions of a third party. must whether the condition mentioned in Article 2755 of the EStGB92 is met. If we assume, for example, that my administration finds that the system shipping company works certain de-minimis aids that were received in the past, incorrectly not included in the certificate and that the company that the agency worker has made not available did not informed about this so that the maximum amounts for aid have been exceeded. In this case, it is not relevant for the use of tax provisions which party has made the mistake and it must be checked whether the condition mentioned in Article 2755 of the EStGB 92 of both of the company as well as the company , which makes agency workers available. In this case, the order in which the second explanation and the certificate has been accompanied is therefore decisive for the determination of which the exemption is illegally granted and to whom it has to be reclaimed. It is planned because the temporary agent company has been used to this measure. For this reason, due to its existing draft, the intelligence event, due to its existing day after his publication, applies. Finance. De croo24. april 2020 - royal decree to change the KE/EStGB 92 with regard to the rules and modalities for the submission of the certificate mentioned in Article 2755 § 4 paragraph 7 of the Income Tax Code 19992 Greetings! Due to the Income Tax Code 1992, Article 2755 § 6, inserted by the law of March 23, 2019; based on the KE/EStGB 92; due to the royal decree of November 16, 1994 on administrative and budget control, Article 5 and 14; In the consideration that the provisions of the defect cannot have direct or indirect financial effects; on the basis of Deram January 12, 1973, coordinated laws on the State Council, Article 3; based on the urgency; in the consideration that:- by the law of March 23, 2019 Reduction of the 1992 Income Tax Code 1992 in relation to tax law The provisions of the job deal have been released from the payment of part of the vocational tax preliminary deduction for system shipping- this exemption from the payment of the preliminary vocational tax deduction to the remuneration paid or approved by January 1, 2019- this liberation from the payment of the vocational tax advance If the debtor of the preliminary deduction of the vocational tax tax is at the same time with his application for exemption from the payment of the preliminary vocational tax deduction, a certificate of compliance with compliance with maximum amounts for aid as mentioned in the General DE-Minimis Ordinance (Regulation (EU) No. 1407/2013 of the Commission from 18December 2013 on the application of Article 107 and 108 of the Treaty on the working method of the European Union on de-minimis subsidies), there is a need for explanation in the event that this debtor is a corporate approved for temporary work, the company that is in Article 2755 Section 4 (1) of the Income Tax Code1992 Fulfillment, provides temporary workers,- the rules and modalities in relation to this certificate must therefore urgently be added, so that the rules for the company approved for temporary work and for the companies that are in Article 2755 Section 4 (1) of the 1992 Income Tax Code in 1992 fulfilling and providing agency workers who are made available for temporary agency work. Let us enact: Article 1 - Article 954/1 § 2 of the KE/EStGB 92 is added by two paragraphs with the following wording: "If the debtor mentioned in paragraph 1 is a company approved for temporary work and provides this company to a company that in Article 2755 § 4 sales 1 Conditions mentioned of the same code of law, one or more agency workers are available, the aid mentioned in Article 2755 § 4 paragraph 7desselben code mentioned in Article 2755 Section 4 (7) of this company, which these temporary workers are available, is specified as if this company itself is given in articles 2755 § 4 of the same code mentioned the exemption from the payment of the preliminary vocational tax deduction. The conditions mentioned in Article 2755§ 4 paragraph 1 of the same code of law have been granted, according to this company, to which these temporary workers are made available, which would have been kept. "Art." Art. 2 - The minister responsible for finance is commissioned to execute the present estate. De croo