Publication: 2021-09-29NUMAC: 2021033289Federal Public Service Financial administration for policy expertise and support. - Regulation service. - Agreement in mutual consultation between the competent authorities of Luxembourg and Belgium to extend the agreement mutual consultation of 19 May 2020 with regard to the situation of the frontier workers in the context of the fight against the distribution of COVID-19, as extended by the agreements of 19 June 2020.24 August 2020, 7 December 2020, 12 March 2021 and 11 June 20211. Introduction to 19mei 2020 Luxembourg and Belgium concluded an agreement in mutual consultation based on Article 25, paragraph of the agreement between the Kingdom of Belgium and the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg to prevent the prevention of vandublation and regulation of some other matters regarding income and power taxes, and the relevant final protocol, signed on 19.09.1970, as amended by DeAvenanten from 11.12.2002 and 16.07.2009 (hereinafter the "Agreement"). Agreed was published in the Belgian Official Gazette of 29 May 2020, edition 1, bl. 38448.2. Extension the agreement provides that it can be extended from 1 July 2020 until the end of each month if both -authorized authorities agree in writing at least one week before the start of the month. The agreement provides that it can be terminated unilaterally by each competent authority by giving knowledge of this to the other competent authority. This notification must be done at the latest one week before the start of the relevant calendar month. In that case, the agreement will be applicable from the 1st day of the relevant calendar month. On 19 June 2020, the competent authorities of Luxembourg and Belgium have concluded a first agreement that extends the agreement until 31 August 2020. On 24 August 2020, the competent authorities have from Luxembourg and Belgium a second agreement concluded that the agreement extends to December 31, 2020. On December 7, 2020, Debijte Autoegen van Luxembourg and Belgium have concluded a third agreement that extends the agreement to 31 March 2021. On March 12, 2021, the competent authorities of Luxembourg and Belgium concluded that the agreement extends to June 30, 2021. On 11 June 2021, Debijte Autoeggenden van Luxembourg and Belgium have concluded a fifth agreement that extends the agreement to 30 September 2021. In this context, the competent authorities of Luxembourg and Belgium apply to application of the agreement to extend a sixth time until December 31, 2021.3. Announcement deputy extension agreement will be published in the Belgian Official Gazette. Achieved by the undertaked competent authorities on 23 September 2021: for the competent authority of Belgiump.de Vosadvise-General FPS Finance, Belgium for the competent authority of Luxembourg.tousing director of the Taxes, TaxesPublication: 2021-10-04numac: 2021033298federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products28 September 2021.-Decision containing the import and use of the drug Bamlanivimab and Etesevimab for the treatment of COVID-19DE Minister of Health, Geretop the law of 25 March 1964 on the medicines, Article 6quater, § 1, first paragraph, 5 °); having regard to the Royal Decree of 14 December 2006 on medicines for human and veterinary use, Article 110, third paragraph; in view of the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on September 2021; Having regard to the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, Article 3, § 1; in view of the urgent necessity; whereas the current premises of COVID-19, a disease caused by the SARS-COV- 2 virus, in Belgium and Derest of the world; whereas the pathogenic and contagious nature of the SARS-COV-2 virus, are different variants who circulate in Europe (see: https://www.ecdc.europa.eu/en/covid-19/Varianhants group) and the significant impact on the transferability, severity and/or immunity that probably have an influence on epidemiological situation in the EU/EEA and on the serious threat that this pays for public health; predominantly the winter period announcing itself, favorable for a peak of respiratory disorders that are common in winter; The dominance of the infectious Delta variant, which entails a greater risk of transfer and hospitalization; Considering the various epidemiological models that have been proposed to the government that announce a possible new peak of the pandemiexes consequences of SARS-COV2 in the period October/November ; Considering the full vaccination rate in certain zones in Belgium is only about 50 % (on 23/09/2021), which is not yet a guarantee i s for optimum protection for certain population groups; whereas the treatments that have been licensed to treat COVID-19 are still limited; Only fevering dexamethasone are indicated in patients older than 12 years with pneumonia who are oxygen therapy needed; whereas the positive interim results of the clinical study with the medicine bamlanivimab and ethesevimab, two monoclonal antibodies that have been demonstrated with Devirale with Devirale -COV-2 Reduce (see https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/documents/referral/eli-lilly-company-company-antibody-body-bamlanivimab/etesevimab-covid19-article-53-procedure-assessment -Treport_en.pdf); Considering the scientific advice of 16/03/2021 of the Medicines Committee for Human Use (Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use - CHMP), lodged at the European Medicines Office (EMA), in which this committee comes to the decision that, based on available preliminary data from the current clinical study that this monoclonal antibodies combination can be used for the Treatment of patients with COVID-19 who do not need oxygen therapy and who develop risk running a serious form of COVID-19; ChMP (see https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/documents/referral/eli-lilly-company-company-antibody-Antibody-bamlanivimab/eteseevimab-covid19-article-53-procedure-Conditionsuse-condition -Distribution patient-targeted_enpdf) -19 in Belgium ", prepared by the Scientific Committee founded within Sciensano, as one of the treatment options for patients with moderate COVID-19, who belong to a risk category as a result of the presence of other pathologies at the time of infection with the SARS-COV-2 virus; predominant the common advice on access to antibodies against SARS-COV-2 for the early treatment of patients with immune deficiencies of the Royal Academy of Medicine of Belgium (KAGB) and Académie Royale de Médecine de Belgique (Armb) of 30 April 2021; that the Belgianestate at the end of September 2021 on a strategic stock of mon Oklonal antibodies should have that should be delivered as soon as possible according to the needs of the hospitals, in order to suffer patients who suffer from SARS-COV-2 and to develop a serious form of COVID-19, treat the import, decides, decide, The purchase, episode and administration of the combination of monoclonal antibodies to allow bamlanivimab and eteseimab to the treatment of COVID-19 drilled by the SARS-COV-2 virus, under the following conditions: 1 ° the drug combination Bamlanivimab and Etesevimab can only be prescribed by a doctor, connected to hospital, as referred to in Article 2 of the coordinated law of 10 July 2008 at the hospitals and other care institutions, and this after a prior advice, of a multidisciplinary expert panel, consisting of doctors associated with a university hospital, as referred to in Article 4 of the coordinated law of 10 July 2008 on the hospitals and other care institutions. This panel of experts consists at least an infectiologist and immunologist. When prescribing as well as formulating the advice by the expert panel, the recommendations are included in the denational treatment guideline "Interim Clinical Guidance for Adults with Suspended or Confirmed Covid-19 in Belgium"; 2 ° Only a hospital pharmacy, as referred to in Article 1, 1 °, of the Royal Decree of 30 September 2020 containing the preparation and delivery of medicines and using the distribution of medical devices within care institutions, can, after submitting one -medical prescription, the combination of medicines can order Bamlanivimab and Etesimabab from the minister designated wholesaler which manages strategic stock of venematic agents on behalf of the Belgian state; 3 ° The aforementioned hospital pharmacy fills in the form of this decision with every import, every purchase or order of the drugs bamlanivimab andetesimab; These forms are stored in a unique register that is kept available of the Fagg; 4 ° the Medicines Bamlanivimab and Eteivimab are administered under Medischtzurgeicht from a doctor associated with a hospital, as referred to in Article 2 of the Coordinated Act of 10 July 2008 at the hospitals and other care institutions; 5 ° the hospitals sets monthly follow -up reports of the treatments administered to patients treated with the drugs bamlanivimab and etheimabab. These reports only contain anonymized, aggregate data, and contain at least: the suspected unwanted side effects that were determined, the mortality figures in 29 days after administration and the recording at intensive care within 29 days after administration. These reports are transferred monthly to the FAGG.6 ° In the event that a permit for the trade, as referred to in Article 3, first paragraph, of Regulation (EC) No 726/2004 of the European Parlements, the Council of 31 March 2004 adopted of Community procedures for granting permits and the supervision of medicines for human and veterinary use and the establishment of a European Medicines Office has been granted for the medicine in question, the packaging of the pierced drugs are bamlanivimab and etesimababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababababit are still available in the strategic stock of the Belgian State, divided and uses the conditions of this decision. This decision applies immediately. The decision is valid until 1 June 2022. However, it will be shown as soon as Bamlanivimab and Eteseimab is a permit for the marketing of COVID-19.Brussel, 28 September for the combination of Bamlanivimab and Eteseimab 2021The Minister of Health, Fr.vandenbroucke for the consultation of the table, see Visual to be added to our decision of 28 September 2021.Deminister of Health, Fr.VandenbrouckePublication: 2021-10-04numac: 2021033299federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products28 September 2021.-Decree on the permission for the import and use of the drug Sotrovimab for the treatment of COVID-19De Minister of Health, Given the law of March 25, 1964 on the Medicines, Article 6quater, § 1, first paragraph, 5 °); in view of the Royal Decree of 14 December 2006 on medicines for human and veterinary use, Article 110, third paragraph; Having regard to the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on September 2021; In view of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, Article 3, § 1; In view of the urgent necessity; whereas the current premises of COVID-19, a disease caused by the SARS-COV-2 virus , in Belgium and Derest of the world; whom the pathogenic and contagious nature of the SARS-COV-2 virus, are different variants that have CI in Europe rculate (see: https://www.ecdc.europa.eu/en/covid-19/varianhantsgrace) and the significant impact on the transferability, severity and/or immunity that probably have an influence on the epidemiological situation in the EU/EEA and on the serious threat that this pose for public health, the contagious Delta variant, which entails a greater risk of transfer and hospitalization; Considering the different epidemiological models that have been proposed to the government that announce a possible new peak of the pandemiexes of SARS-COV2 in the period October/November; full vaccination rate in certain zones in Belgium is only approximately 50 % (on 23/09/2021), which is not yet a guarantee for optics ale protection for certain population groups; Only Vlakuryen Dexamethasone are indicated in patients over 12 years of age with pneumonia who have oxygen therapy need; whereas the positive interim results of the clinical study with the Sotrovimab, a monoclonal antibody that has a fall in an interim analysis of the number of hospital and death of the number of hospital recordings demonstrate (see https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/news/ema-issues-adviezen- use-sotrovimab-vir-7831-treatment covid-19); Considering the scientific advice of 21/05/2021 of the Committee for Medicines for Human Use (Committee for Medicinal Products For Human Use - CHMP), established at the European Medicines Office (EMA), in which this committee comes to the decision on the basis of available preliminary Data from the current clinical study Datdze Monoclonal AntiLichame can be used for the treatment of patients with COVID-19 who do not require any oxygen therapy and who run the risk of developing a serious form of COVID-19; as well as the supervision of safety, included as an appendix to the same advice from the CHMP (see https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/documents/referral/sotrovimab-also-known-vir-7831-gsk4182136-covid19--9- article-53 procedure-conditions-use-conditions_enpdf) -19 in Belgium ", prepared by the Scientific Committee founded within Sciensano, as one of the treatment options for patients with moderate COVID-19, who belong to a risk category as a result of the presence of other pathologies at the time of infection with the SARS-COV-2 virus; predominant the common advice on access to antibodies against SARS-COV-2 for the early treatment of patients with immune deficiencies of the Royal Academy of Medicine of Belgium (KAGB) and Académie Royale de Médecine de Belgique (Armb) of 30 April 2021; that the Belgianestate at the end of September 2021 on a strategic stock of mon Oklonal antibodies should have that should be delivered as soon as possible according to the needs of the hospitals, in order to suffer patients who suffer from SARS-COV-2 and to develop a serious form of COVID-19, treat the import, decides, decide, The purchase, delivery and administration of sotrovimabe to be treated for the treatment of COVID-19 caused by the SARS-COV-2 virus, under the following conditions: 1 ° The sotrovimab drug can only be prescribed by a doctor connected to a hospital, connected to a hospital, As referred to in Article 2 of the Coordinated Act of 10 July2008 at the hospitals and other care institutions, and this after a prior advice, of one -multi -disciplinary expert panel, consisting of doctors associated with a University Hospital, as referred to in Article 4 of the Coordinated Act of 10 July 2008 at the hospitals and other care institutions. This panel of experts exists least Ens from an infectiologist and immunologist. When prescribing as well as formulating the advice by the expert panel, the recommendations were taken into account in the National Treatment Directive "Interim Clinical Guidance for Adults with Suspedor Confirmed COVID-19 in Belgium"; 2 ° Only a hospital pharmacy, as referred to in Article1, 1 ° , of the Royal Decree of 30 September 2020 on the preparation and delivery of medicines the use and distribution of medical devices within care institutions, can, after submitting a medical prescription, order the sotrovimab medicine from the wholesaler who is commissioned by the minister who on behalf of the Belgian state manages strategic stock of medicines; 3 ° The aforementioned hospital pharmacy fills in the form attached to this decision with every entry, each application or order of the sotrovimab drug; These forms are stored in a unique register that is kept available to the FAGG; 4 ° The drug Sotrovimabab is served by a doctor's medical supervision associated with a hospital, as referred to in Article2 of the Coordinated Act of 10 July 2008 on the hospitals and others Care institutions; 5 ° Hospitals prepare monthly follow -up reports of the treatments administered to patient treated with the sotrovimab drug. These reports only contain anonymized, aggregate data, and contain at least: the suspected unwanted side effects that were determined, the mortality figures in 29 days after administration and the recording at intensive care within 29 days after administration. These reports are transferred monthly to the FAGG.6 ° In the event that a permit for the trade, as referred to in Article 3, first paragraph, of Regulation (EC) No 726/2004 of the European Parlements, the Council of 31 March 2004 adopted Community procedures for granting permits and the supervision of medicines for human and veterinary use and the establishment of a European medicine agency has been granted for the medicine in question, the packaging of the no-granted drug Sotrovimab that is still decisivable at the time of granting a stated permit are divided and used in the strategic stock of the Belgian State, and used conditions of this decision. This decision applies immediately. The decision is valid until 1 June 2022.brussel, 28 September 2021. The Minister of Health, Fr. Vandenbroucke for the consultation of the table, see image seen to be added to our decision of 28 September 2021. The Minister of Health, Fr. VandenbrouckePublication: 2021-10-13Numac: 20210333350brussels-Capital Region22 September 2021.-Decree of the Brussels-Capital Government amending various provisions regarding the appointment of competent officials in the context of the tax procedures, the low-emission zone and certain premiumsized Brussels capital government , In view of the ordinance do 2 May 2013 containing the Brussels Code of Air, Climate and Energy Management, Articles 3.2.19.3.2.20 and 3.2.23, § 1 Brussels -Capital Region for heavy vehicles referred to or uses for the transport of goods by road, to replace the Eurovignette, Articles 22 and 32; in view of the ordinance of 23 November 2017 containing legislative adjustments with a view to the acquisition of the Real Estate Agency for taxation the Brussels -Capital Region, Article 14; Getting the ordinance of 6 March 2019 on the Brussels Codex Fiscal Procedure, Articles 14, § 1 and § 2, first paragraph, 15, 56, first paragraph, second case, 64, 78, first paragraph, 79, Primary member, 80, second paragraph, 101, § 1, first paragraph, § 6, first paragraph, 101, 102, first paragraph and 106, first paragraph, in view of the decision of the Brussels -Capital Government of 24 September 2015 on the execution of the ordinance of 29 July 2015 in the introduction of a kilometer -levy in the Brussels Capital Region for heavy vehicles referred to or used for transport of goods by road, to replace the Eurovignette; Having regard to the decision of the Brussels-capital government of 25 January 2018 on the establishment of a low-emission zone; Government of 22 February 2018 implementing the ordinance fans 23 November 2017 containing legislative adjustments with a view to the acquisition of the Real Estate Department by the Brussels -Capital Region; in view of the B. of the Brussels -Capital Regulation of 26 September 2019 on the appointment of competent officials in the context of the ordinance fans 6 March 2019 on the Brussels Codex Fiscal Procedure; In view of the equal Chance test in accordance with Article 2 of the ordinance of 4 October 2018, the introduction of the equal Kansentestwerd carried out on 20 August 2021; Regulations in the meaning of Article 3, § 1, first paragraph, of the coordinated laws on the Council of State of 12 January 1973, so that these designs are not subject to the advice of the Council of State, Division of Legislation.Op proposal of the Minister of Finance, after deliberation, decision: Article 1. Article 4 of the decision of the Brussels -Capital Government of 24 September 2015 on the implementation of the ordinance of 29 July 2015 to introduce a kilometer charge in the Brussels -Capital Region for heavy vehicles referred to or used for the transport of goods by road, too r Replacement of the Eurovignette is supplemented with seven members, reading: "In the event that the relation of Director-General of Brussels taxation is not covered, the powers of this official are exercised by the deputy director-general of Brussels taxation. In case of the absence of the Director-General of Brussels Taxation, the powers of this civil servant are exercised by the deputy director-general of Brussels taxation. In case the relation of Deputy Director-General of Brussels Taxation is not affected, the powers of this official are exercised by the director's head of the head of service Brussels Taxation that has the largest service seniority within Brussels Taxation of the directors' heads present. In the case of the absence of the deputy director-general of Brussels taxation, the powers of this official are exercised by the Director of Brussels Fiscality Deputy Die the greatest Servicesancia Nnity from within Brussels taxation The director's service heads that are present. In case there is no director's head of Brussels, the authority is granted in the two preceding members exercised by the director of Brussels Taxation with the largest service seniority of Brussels Taxation of the Directorate is present . In case there is no director of Brussels taxation, then the authority is granted in the previous paragraph by the first attaché of Brussels taxation with the largest service seniority within Brussels Taxation of the first attachés presentIf there is no first attaché of Brussels taxation, the authority is given in the previous paragraph exercised by the Attaché of Brussels Taxation with the largest service seniority of Brussels Taxation of the attachés that are present. ". Art. 2. Article 6 of the same decision becomes supplemented with seven members, reading: "In the event that the relation of director-general of Brussels taxation is not covered, the powers of this official are exercised by the Deputy Director of Brussels Taxation. In the case of the absence of the Director-General of Brussels Taxation Taxation , the powers of this official are exercised by the deputy director-general of Brussels taxation. In case the relation of deputy director-general of Brussels taxation is not held, the powers of this official are exercised by the director of Brussels Head of Brussels that the largest Service seniority has within Bruss el taxation of the directors' heads present. In the case of the absence of the deputy director-general of Brussels Taxation, the powers of this official are exercised by the director's head of Brussels Fiscality Department that has the largest service committee of the taxation of the director's service heads present . In case there is no director's head of Brussels taxation, the authority is granted in the two previous members exercised by the Director of Brussels Taxation with the largest service seniority within Brussels Taxation of the directors are present. In case there is no director of Brussels taxation present If, then the authority is granted in the previous paragraph by the first attaché of Brussels taxation with the largest service seniority within Brussels Taxation of the first attachés present. If the authority is given in the previous paragraph, the authority is exercised by the Attaché of Brussels Taxation with the largest service seniority within Brussels Taxation of the Attachés that are present. ". Art. 3. The following changes are made to Article 11 of the Self -Decree: 1 °. In the second paragraph, the words "The Deputy Secretary-General of the Brussels Regional Service Service" are always replaced by dewords "The Deputy Director General of Brussels Taxation"; 2 °. The third paragraph is lifted; 3 °. This article is supplemented with five members reading: "In the event that the relation of deputy director-general of Brussels taxation is not covered, the powers of this civil servant are exercised by the director's head of Brussels taxation that the The largest service seniority of the directors are present within the head of the deputy of the absence of the deputy director-general of Brussels taxation, the powers of this official are exercised by the director of Brussels Head of the Binnenbrussel Fiscality of the Directors Heads of service that are present. In case there is no director's head of Brussels taxation, then the authority is granted in the two previous people exercised by the director of Brussels Taxation with the largest service seniority Binnen -Brussel Taxation of the directors present so In case there is no director of Brusselfiscality present, then the authority is granted in the previous paragraph by Die first Attaché of Brussels Taxation with the greatest service seniority within Brussels Taxation of the first attachés present. In case there is no first attaché of Brussels Taxation is, then the authority is granted in the preceding paragraph by the Attaché Vanbrussel Taxation with the greatest service seniority within Brussels Taxation of the Attachés that are generally. ". Art. 4. Article 11 of the Decree of the Brussels-Capital Government of 25 January 2018 on the establishment of a low-emission zone is supplemented with seven members, reading: "In the event that the relevant of the Director-General of Brussels taxation is not held, the powers of This civil servant exercised by the deputy director-general Vanbrussel taxation. In the case of the absence of the director-general of Brussels taxation, the powers of this civil servant are exercised by the deputy director general of Brusseliscecality. In case the relation of deputyt- Director-General of Brussels Taxation Niet is held, the powers of this civil servant are exercised by the Director of Head of Vanbrussel Taxation that has the largest service seniority within Brussels Taxation of the directors' service heads presentIn the event of the absence of the deputy director-General of Brussels Taxation, the powers of this official are exercised by the Director of Head of Brussels Taxation that has the largest service seniority within Brussels Taxation of the directors' heads present. In case there is no director head of Brussels Taxation is, then the authority is granted in the two preceding members exercised by the Director of Brussels Taxation with the largest service seniority within Brussels Taxation of the directors are present. In case no director of Brussels taxation is present, then the authority is granted in the foregoing member exercised by the first attaché of Brussels taxation with the largest service seniority within Brussels Taxation of the first attachés that are present. Practiced by the Attaché of Brussels Taxation with the largest service seniority within Brussels Taxation of the Attachés that are present. ". Art. 5. Article 12 of the Self-Decree is supplemented with seven members, reading: "In the event that the relation of Director-General of Brussels taxation is not covered, the powers of this civil servant are exercised by the deputy director-general of Brussels taxation. In case of absence of the director-general of Brussels taxation, the powers of this official are exercised by the deputy director-general of Brussels taxation. In case the relation of deputy director-general of Brussels taxation is not affected, the powers of this civil servant are exercised by the Head of the Head of Brussels Taxation that has the largest service seniority within Brussels Taxation of the Directorate-Servants who are present. In the case of the absence of the Deputy Director-General of Brussels Taxation, the powers of this civil servant are exercised by the Director of Brussels Taxation Department that the largest Diensta Nciennity has taxation of the directors' heads present within Brussels. In case there is no director's head of Brussels, the authority is granted in the two previous members exercised by the Director of Brussels Taxation with the largest service committee within Brussels Taxation of the Directorate present If there is no director of Brussels taxation, the authority is granted in the previous paragraph by the first attaché of Brussels taxation with the largest service seniority within Brussels Taxation of the first attachés present. Taxation is present, then the authority is assigned to the previous paragraph by the Attaché of Brussels Taxation with the largest service seniority within Brussels Taxation of the Attachés that are present. ". Art. 6. The following changes are made to Article 14 of the Self -Decree: 1 °. In the first and second paragraphs "the director's head of Brussels Taxation that has the largest service seniority in this administration" replaced the words "the deputy director-general of Brussels taxation"; 2 °. This article is supplemented with five members read : "In the event of the relation of deputy director-general of Brussels taxation, the powers of this civil servant are exercised by the director's head of Brussels taxation that the largest service seniority has within the brussful scality of the directors of service heads present. In case of absence Vande Deputy Director General of Brussels Taxation, the powers of this official are exercised by the Director Head of Brussels Taxation that has the largest service for the Binnenbrussel taxation of the directors of service heads. In case there is no director's head of Brussels taxation, then If the authority is granted in the two previous parts of the Director of Brussels Taxation with the largest service seniority in Binnenbrussel Taxation of the directors present. In case there is no director of Brussel discomfort, then the authority is granted in the previous paragraph by Deeperste Attaché of Brussels Taxation with the largest service seniority within Brussels Taxation of the first attachés that are present. In case there is no first attaché of Brussels taxation, then the authority is granted in the previous paragraph by the Attaché Vanbrussel Taxation with the largest service committee within Brussels Taxation of the attachés that are careful. ". Art. 7In Article 14, § 2 of the Decree of the Brussels -Capital Allocation of 22 February 2018, the implementation of the ordinance of 23 November 2017 containing legislative adjustments with a view to the acquisition of the Real Estimation Service by the Brussels -Capital District, the following changes are made: 1 ° . The words "The Director Head of the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation that has the largest service committee within this board" are being replaced by the words "The Deputy Director General of the Regional Public Service Brussels taxation"; 2 °. This paragraph is supplemented by five members: "If the relation of Deputy Director General of the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation is not affected, the powers of this official are exercised by the Director of the Head of the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation that has the greatest dediciency of service within the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation of the directors of service heads present. Invaling of the absence of the Deputy Director General of the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation, the powers of this official are exercised by the Director Head of the Regional Coincence Service that has the largest service committee Within the regional government service Brussels taxation of the directors of service heads who are present. In case there is no director service head of the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation, then the Evoma will be in the two preceding members exercised by the director of the regional government service Brussels taxation with the largest service seniority within the regional government service of the directors who are present. In case no director of the Brussels regional government is present, then the authority is granted in The previous member exercised by the first attaché of the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation with the best service seniority within the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation of the first -tachés that are present. In case there is no first attaché of the Regular Public Service Brussels taxation, then the authority is assigned to the Previous paragraph exercised the attaché of the Brussels Public Service Public Service Taxation with the largest service seniority within the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation of the Attachés that are present. ".Art.8. In Article 6 of the Decree of the Brussels -Capital Government of 26 September 2019, the appointment of competent officials in the context of the ordinance of 6 March 2019 concerning Debussel Codex Fiscal Procedure are made: 1 °. In the second member and third, the words "the director-service head with the largest service committee within the provisions of the Brussels taxation service" are replaced by the words "the deputy director-general of the Brussels Taxation Regional Public Service"; 2 °. This article is supplemented with five members: "In the event that the relation of deputy director-general of the Brussels regional government service is not covered, the powers of this official are exercised by the director's head of the Regional Public Service Brussels taxation that has the metropolitance within the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation of the directors' heads are present. In the case of the absence of the Deputy Director-General of the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation, the powers of this official are exercised by the director of the Brussels Regional Public Service that the Grootstedienstanciennity has Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation of the directors' service heads that are present. In case there is no director's head of the Regional Government Service Brussels Taxation, then the authority will be authorized ID granted in the two previous people exercised by the director of the Brussels Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation with the Greater Service Service within the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation of Directors who are present. In case no director of the Regional Public Service Brussels is present, then the authority is granted in the previous paragraph practiced by the first attaché of DeGewestelijke Public Service Brussels Taxation with the largest service seniority within the regional government service Brussels Taxation of the first attachés presentIn the event that there is no first -time attaché of the Brussels Public Service Regional Public Service, then the authority is performed in the previous paragraph by the attaché of the Regional Public Service Brussel Discity with the largest service service within the regional government service Brussels Taxation of the Attachés present. "Art.". . 9. The following changes made in Article 7, § 2 of the same decision: 1 °. In the second and third paragraph, the words "The Director Head of Service with the largest service seniority within the Regional Public Service Brusselfiscality" are replaced by the words "The deputyt -director-general of the regional government service brussels taxation "; 2 °. This paragraph is supplemented with five members:" In the event that the relation of Deputy Director-General of the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation is not covered, the powers of this official are exercised by The Directu r Dienstenhoofd van de Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation that has the largest service committee within the regional government service Brussels Taxation of the directors of service heads present. Insence of the absence of the deputy director-general of the Brussels Taxation Regional Service, the powers of this civil servant are exercised by The director's head of the regional government service Brussels Taxation that has the largest service committee within the regional government service brussels taxation of the directors of service heads present. In case there is no director's head of the Brussels Taxation Regional Public Service, then the authority is performed in the two previous members by the director of the Regional Public Service Brussels taxation with the largest service committee within the regional government service brussels discomfort of the directors who are present In case there is no director of the Brussels regional government service, then the authority is granted in the previous member exercised by the first attaché of the Brussels Regional Public Service Taxation with the best service service within the Brussels Public Service Taxation of the first -tachés present. In the event that there is no first attaché of the regional government service brussels taxation, the authority is granted in the previous paragraph. The attaché of the Brussels Regional Public Service Taxation with the largest service service in the Brussels Taxation of the Attachés that are present. ". Art.10. This decision has effect from 1 September 2021.Art. 11. The Minister for the President of Finance is responsible for the implementation of this decision.brussel, 22 September 2021.voorde Brussels-Capital Government: the Prime Minister of the Brussels-Capital Allocation, r. Vervoorte Minister charged with finance, budget, public outsource promotion of multilingualism, s. GatzPublication: 2021-10-11Numac: 2021033410Federal Public Service Finance 20 December 2019.-Royal Decree to amend the KB/WIB 92 pursuant to the introduction of the deduction of the group contribution and of the restriction on the deduction of interest. - German translation of the following text is the German translation of the Royal Decree of 20 December 2019 to amend the KB/WIB 92 pursuant to the introduction of the deduction of the group contribution and of the restriction on the deduction of interest (Belgian Official Gazette of 27 December 2019). This translation has been made up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.Föderalal Öffentlicherdienst Finanzen20. DEZEMBER 2019 - Königlicher Erlass zur Anpassung des KE/EStGB 92 infolgeder Einführungdes Abzugs des Konzernbeitrags und der Begrenzung des ZinsabzugsBERICHTAN DEN KÖNIGSire,im Gesetz vom 25. Dezember 2017 zur Reform der Gesellschaftssteuerist die Einführung zweier neuer Maßnahmen ab dem Steuerjahr 2020 vorgesehen, nämlich des Konzernbeitragsund der Begrenzung des Zinsabzugs. Für both Maßnahmen Wird Ihnen Die Festlegung Spezifyer Ausführungsbestimmungenübertragen. Mit Vorliegendem entwurf wird folglich die Umsetzung dieser ausführungsbestimmungen, which festlegung ihnen übertragen are ist.in diesem entwurf ist daher folende's vorgesehen:-protected the ir iritsesen, as wedträssen, as wedträsesen, as wedträssen, as wedträssen's eaträge Absatz 2 des Einkommensteuergesetzbuches 1992 (Estgb 92)),-Disreibung der Modalitäten für die nichtberücksichtigung of the Zinnen bestimmter anleihen für die Festlegungder überschüssigen Fremdkapital costs (Ausführung of the Estführung, in the Estführung, in the Estführung, in the Estführung, in the Estführung, in the Estführung, in the Estführung, desführung, desführung's in in the Estführunggungrung, desführung's in in the Estführunggrung, vongrung's in the Estführunggungrunggrunggunggrunggunggunggunggrungs. /1 § 3 Absatz 1 Buchstabe a) des Estgb 92 Erwähntenbetrags auf that Inländischen Gesellschaften und Belgischen Niederlassungen, who Während des Genamtenitraums Teil derselben unternehmensgruppe were the ergenselben derselben unternehrupse EBITDA Der Inländischen Gesellschaftenund Belgischen Niederlass UNGEN, Die Während des Gesamten Besteuerungszeitraums Teil Einer Unternhmensgruppewaren (Ausführung von article 198/1 § 3 Absatz 3 Switzer Gedankstrich und Absatz 4 des Estgb92),- Festlegsdondrags of the Mustersbugs-Bugsonrets (Ausführung von Article 194sexies Absatz3 des Estgb 92, Article 198/1 § 5 des Estgb 92 und Article 205/5 § 5 des ESTGB 92). Protectors under Erträge, who as Wirtschaftichgigtig mit 30. Juli 2018 zur Festlegung verschiedener Bestimmungen im Bereich Einkommensteuernlautet der Kommentar zu Artikel 27 wie folgt:"Da in Artikel 2 der Richtlinie [2016/1164 desRates vom 12. Juli 2016 mit Vorschriften zur Bekämpfung von Steuervermeidungspraktiken mit unmittelbarenAuswirkungen auf das Funktionieren des Binnenmarkts] eine Begriffsbestimmung der Fremdapapital costs Aufgenommenist, who already s Die im Estgb 92 Aufgenommene Besrungestimmung der Zentsen ist, da in Dieserbranggestimmung auch other costs, which Wirtschaftlich GleichWertig mit zinds, Wird dem König eine Ermächertigung's eenzubtenk. Der König wird von der Der in the budiffsmestimmung of the direct line Aufgenommenaufzählung abweichen und dizese costs in the anwendungsbereich of the Vorliegende articles nur einbeziehenkönnen, the gleichwertigkeit mit zchensenes were can. That tragweite of the ermächtigungdes königs is also auf die präzisierung des anwendungsbereichs of the style articles bounded undlässt nicht nicht zu, dass sonstig Gesetzgeber Zum Ziel Hatte, Ihnen Die Möglichkeit Zu Bieten, für Die Anwendung von article 198/1DES ESTGB 92 EBENFALLS Other Costs such as that Gemäß dem einkommensteuergesetzbuch 1992 Bestimmzinsten zu Berücksigenigen zu Tragweite who für diejenigen hat, who in Article 2 of the Voorerwähnten Guidellinie2016/1164 as Fremdkapital costs erwähnt sindBeating costs are determined in Article 2 of the pre -mentioned guideline 2016/1164 as follows: "Interest expenses for all types of claims, other costs that are economically equivalent to interest and expenses in connection with the procurement of capital, including - including payments within the framework Von participation loans, calculating interest on instruments such as convertible bonds and zero cupon bonds, amounts within the framework of alternative financing modalities, such as those who practice Islamic banks, the financing costs in the context of financing leasing, in the balance sheet value of an associated capitalized interest, or the amortization of capitalized interest, if necessary, Amounts that are measured by reference to a financing return within the framework of clearing price regulations, amounts of fictional interest in the context of derivatives or hedging agreements in connection with the debt of a lower capital Ehmens, certain exchange rate gains and losses on debt and instruments in connection with the procurement of capital, guarantee fees for financing agreements, mediation fees and similar costs in connection with the inclusion of debt ". It was originally developed as a result of the work that was carried out as part of the initiative of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) to combat the reduction in profits and relocation (base erosion and profit shifting - Beps). Therefore, reference is largely made to these work in the considerations of the previously mentioned guideline 2016/1164: "The final reports on the 15 BEPS campaign points of the OECD were published on October 5, 2015. This was emphasized by the Council on December 8, 2015. The Council emphasized In these conclusions, the need to find common but flexible solutions in accordance with the BEPS conclusions of the OECD at EU level. that EU guidelines-if appropriate-be the preferred means to implement the OECD's BEPS conclusions in the EU. "In the final report on Action point 4 (Limiting Base Erosion Involving Interest Deductions and Other Financial Payments) of the BEPS Action Slant Description of the area of ​​application can be read the following: "Chapter 2 - interest and interest economically equivalent payments33. Interesting costs are treated as tax -deductible expenses in the most states, but each state applies its own approach to determine which expenses to classify as interest expenses and can therefore be deducted from tax deductions. This report does not aim to recommend an interest definition that should be used in all states for all tax purposes. In the future there will also be country -specific differences regarding the items treated as deductible interest expenses, and the states will continue to use their own interest definitions for other purposes such as source taxation. When identifying recommended procedures for the design of rules for combating reduction in profits and relocation, however, it is an advantage that the states in relation to the items for which such rules should apply to a largely consistent approach, which increases legal certainty for the company Coherent approach to combat the problem across borders. This chapter therefore deals with the items that the subject of a best practice control is to be combated by profit reduction and relocation. 34. After the simplest definition, interest is the cost of borrowing. However, if the focus of a rule was limited to a narrow spectrum of payments, this would raise three general problems: -The rule would not be of the entire range of profit reduction and profit relocation risks, which the states in connection with operating expenses deductions for interest or interest-like expenses would not Compared to it would be less justice, as this would be used to treat corporations that are in the same economic situation but use other types of financing structures. In order to address these problems, rules to combat profit reductions and profit relocations that are brought about via interest expenses should be applied to interest for all types of debt and other payments that are to be used economically equallyInterest on economically equivalent payments include payments that are related to the financing of a company and are determined by the course of a fixed or variable percentage of an actual or fictitious capital amount. A rule should also apply to other expenses in connection with the procurement of funds, including final and guarantee fees. This chapter contains a non -exhaustive list with types of payments that should fall under a rule, but it remains to be stated to everyone how this should be reflected in domestic law, whereby existing definitions of interest expenses and other payments must be taken into account. When deciding whether a payment is to be equated economically, the focus should be on its economic content and not on its legal form.36. A best practice rule for combating reduction in profits and relocation by interest expenses should therefore be for the following payments: (i) interest for all types of debt, (II) interest on economically equivalent payments and (III) expenses in connection with fundraising. These should include the following expenses, but should not be limited to them:-Payments within the framework of partial loans;-arithmetic interest for financial instruments such as change bonds or zero bonds; amounts within the framework of alternative financing agreements such as Islamic financing;-The share of financing for financing leasing; - Capitalized interest rates that are included in the balance sheet value of the corresponding asset, or depreciation of capitalized interest; and losses from loans and instruments in connection with the procurement of funds; guarantee fees for financing agreements;-final fees and similar costimous Hang with borrowing. 37. It is recognized that foreign currency profits and losses from financial instruments for securing or receiving a currency risk in connection with the procurement of funds are generally not to be equated economically. However, it is possible that a state wishes to treat some or all foreign currency profits and losses from these instruments, according to the domestic tax regulations according to and to take into account the economic logic of currency risk, as interest rates. 38. In this report, the term interest expenses is Unless there is clearly something else from the context, also to refer to amounts that are economically equivalent to interest. Likewise, where the report refers to the interest income of a group or a company, also means income, which, according to interest in this chapter, is to be economically equal. 39. The best practice approach does not refer to payments that are not interest, interest rates are not economically equivalent or not in connection with the creation of funds. Therefore, the rules set out in this report should generally not limit the operating expenses for posts. , for example raw material derivatives;- discounts of provisions that do not relate to loans; payments for operational leasing;- license fees;- Collected interest from an aging provision with performance leader. 40. According to the best practice approach, however, each payment (including the above) can be subject to a restriction if it is component design, in which - as a whole - amounts apply to interest. In Article 2 of the pre -requested directive 2016/1164, it is clear from this, since this shows which payments are essential or not to be included in the scopeIn addition, the "Best Practice approach", which is described in the chapter mentioned above, specifies that the conceptual determination recorded in the directive is the basis of the definitions existing in Belgian law and is not appropriate that is not appropriate in to include the designed guideline 2016/1164 in the present decree. Since it is not appropriate to consider costs and income to be regarded as interest as an economically equivalent with interest, the components of the definition Beating costs from the above -mentioned guideline 2016/1164 in accordance with the provisions of the EStGB92 are already referred to as interest. In addition, the importance of certain components based on the final report via action point 4 of the BEPS action plan is illustrated and regulated, in order to then propose a definition - if possible based on the existing definitions from civil law and the tax law, which included in the new Article 734/8 of the KE/EStGB 92 What pays payments within the framework of participation loans, these in the area of ​​application of Article 19 § 1 No. 1 of the EStGB 92. The scope of this provision is wide and includes interest, premiums and other income from loans including the performance of real collateral in relation to financial instruments, from money deposits and other claims. Since these payments are already regarded as interest, it is therefore not required to consider them economically equivalent with interest. What concerns calculatory interest on instruments such as convertible bonds and zero cupon bonds, these are generally incurred by Article 19 § 2 of the EStGB 92 (see also KOM.EST 92 No. 19/23 Fifth thoughts). In accordance with Article 19 § 2 of the EStGB 92, the income includes fixed interest papers all sums paid or awarded beyond the issue price, whether this assignment is contractually specified or not. Since these payments are already considered in interest, it is therefore not necessary to consider them as economically equivalent. B. Practicing Islamic banks, between, on the one hand, the cases in which the payment of interest is intended, for example by reimbursement of a higher amount of money, the amount of which was agreed at the beginning, on a predefined date or during an agreed period, and and On the other hand, the cases in which the investor relates to part of the yield. The first cases fall into the scope of Article 19 §§ 2 and 3 DesestGB 92 and it is therefore not necessary to consider them as economically equivalent with interest. The cases in which the investor receives a right to part of the yield must not be considered economically equivalent to interest, since these payments are more equivalent to a profit distribution and consequently not economically equivalent with interest. These financing costs in accordance with the accounting and annual financial statements on applicable accounting and annual financial statements as financial expenses or financial income and this component is referred to as interest on the basis of Article 19 § 1 No. 1 of the EStGB 92. Since this component is already regarded as interest, it is therefore not necessary to consider these financing costs as economically equivalent with interest. The decisive criterion for the distinction between the financing leasing and the operational leasing or the ordinary rental is the full or non -complete restoration of the lessor invested by the lessor. In the case of surgical leasing, all leasing payments are booked as a company expenses relationship with operational income and consequently no separate financial expense, which would be considered tax-based as interest. If payments for surgical leasing are not included in the scope of application, it is not necessary to consider these payments to be economically equivalent to interestThis does not conclude that with a staggered or staggered performance of the payments for surgical leasing one can of course be contractually provided. The amounts that are also paid in such a case to the contractually agreed payments for surgical leasing are considered in order to be referred to as interest as interest rates. is provided in Article 3:16 of the Royal Decree of April 29, 2019 for the execution of the law book fields and associations (KE/GESVERGB): "Art. 3:16 - In the acquisition value of intangible systems and property systems, interest expenses for debt, this may your financing is only included, if you are omitted to the period before the dating commissioning of these systems. e supply or orders with a manufacturing or execution period of more than a year and can be omitted to the normal period of the production of these orders. noted in the appendix under the evaluation rules. "If alien capital is used to finance the formation of a system, the interest expenses owed may be activated under the conditions of Article 3:16 of the KE/GESVERGB. If these interest expenses are included in the costs, they are then referred to accounting as financial expenses and they can be considered to be interest. However, the taxpayer also has the option of activating these interest expenses based on Article 3:16 of the KE/GESVERGB. In this case, these costs are referred to when depreciation, and they are not considered to be interest from tax purposes. Since such a difference in the accounting method in principle should not have an impact on the tax treatment of these interest expenses, it is appropriate to consider them to be economically equivalent with interest. In order to be used to depreciate the activities in the result of the taxation period, these depreciation costs are considered economically equivalent with interest, but of course only to the extent that interest on debt is included in the acquisition value of this system. GesverGB is not only the possibility to include the interest rate in the acquisition value of a system, but also the option of involving the interest rate in the manufacturing price of the supplies and in execution. Incited to consider compensating for supplies that are deductible as advertising costs, which are economically equivalent with interest. This, of course, to the extent that the interest on debt in the application of Article 3:16 of the KE/GESVERGB in the manufacturing price this stocks or in execution are included. Preferred articles 3:16 of the KE/GESVERGB fully meet. The tax neutrality does not find any applications activated that do not meet the conditions provided by the accounting and annual financial statements. It is therefore advisable that these costs are only the scope of application if the form conditions of Article 3:16 of the KE/GESVERGB are complete. referred to the Action Spunkt8-10 of the BEPS action plan in relation to the clearing prices. The introductory summary of the final report contains the following passage on page 11: "The guidelines are linked holistically with other action points. As mentioned above, these guidelines will ensure that capital units that do not pursue any other relevant economic activities (" cash boxes ") are not entitled can raise on excessive profitsThe profits on which a cash box is entitled correspond to a maximum risk -free return. If this return is also classified as interest payments or the same as interest rate payments, these already falls under the rules for the deductibility of interest payments from the action point 4. "The goal of the final report is, among other things, that the application of the transfer prices results, among other things It can have the fact that a company can be assigned to a company without the slightest substance than the remuneration for the risk of the free use of the capital of this company. An assignment of profits corresponds to the technology, which is regulated by the recent insertion of the CFC determination of the EStGB 92 However, this CFC determination is more strict than the applicable clearing price regulations, since in this new article 185/2 of the EStGB 92, it is determined that non-released profits of a consideration that is considered by assets, which are achieved with the AU connections of decision -makers, at the expense of the taxpayer. If the foreign society does not have any substance (such as the so -called cash box) and all tasks of decision -makers from the taxpayer, the profitably in Belgium is taxed, since in such cases by Article 185/2 of the EStGB 92 no interest is assigned to such a foreign society It does not have to be assumed that the application of the clearing price regulations in numerous cases leads to an allocation of excessive debt costs to foreign society, since in many of these cases DIECFC regulation is also applicable. However, cases are also conceivable in which the clearing price regulations, but not the CFC determination, are applicable, whereby the clearing prices in these cases could be limited to one risk-free financing return. that are economically equivalent to interest. What amounts of fictional interest in the context of derivatives or hedging agreements in connection with the debt of a company, your area of ​​application is illustrated in No. 39 of the final report via Action point 4des above-mentioned BEPS action plan, in the It is determined that "amounts for derivative financial instruments or security transactions that are not related to loans, for example raw material derivatives", do not have to be included in the scope. L intended for derivatives or hedging agreements. However, specific rules for such instruments are probably provided in certain foreign tax systems. 26 -Security transactions1. Profits and losses from security instruments are treated such as the corresponding profits and losses from the basic business. There is a security relationship if the two following requirements are met: (a) The security relationship has been formally determined and beforehand; (b) High effectiveness of the security, and the effectiveness is reliably determined. "If the tax system includes tax treatment profits and losses from derivatives that the treatment described in the above Article 26, which means that these profits and losses are the same tax treatment as Experience the basic business, profits and losses from the derivative that compensate for the risk of increasing the market interest rate, for example, is the basic business of a company that is covered by loans to which the currently applicable market interest is applicable, logically tax (fictitious ) Also considered interest and for this reason you will find out the same tax treatment as the previous request interest. For this reason, such profits and losses are also taken into account when calculating the excess debt costs. However, such rules are not available in the Belgian tax system. Profit and losses from such derivatives are already included as a professional profit or professional losses regardless of the basic business. Therefore, such profits or losses are not fictitiously regarded as interest in the Belgian tax system. So it is not necessary to consider them as economically equal with interestAs far as certain exchange rate gains and losses on debt capital and instruments in connection with the procurement of capital are concerned, her area of ​​application of the above -mentioned No. 39 of the final report is illustrated by action point 4 of the BEPS action plan, in which it is determined that "foreign currency profits and losses Monetary positions that are not related to the means of funds "do not have to be included in the area of ​​application. This explains in more detail in No. 37 of the same document:" 37. It is recognized that foreign currency gains and losses from financial instruments for protection or to enter into Currency risk in connection with fundraising interest rates are generally not to be equated economically. However, it is possible that a state wishes some or all foreign currency gains and losses from these instruments, domestic tax regulations according to and to take into account the economic logi KDE's currency risk to treat economically equivalent expenses as interest. "Exchange rate gains and losses are not considered to be interest. In the final report, it is specified that in most cases it is not economically not equivalent to profits and losses, which is why it is not desirable to include all exchange rate gains and losses in the area of ​​application. , if they arise from the payment of interest in the execution of a loan contract. Understand that is due to the bank due to the formation of a bank guarantee on behalf of the taxpayer, whereby this bank guarantee is protected from a transaction from non -payment. equivalent with the opening of a (unused) loan, can be equated economically with interest, so that it is therefore appropriate to include these fees in the area of ​​application. Under the term "mediation fees", the fees are generally to be understood A financial institution for the start of a bond or invoice the opening of a loan. However, the invoicing of such fees is not the privilege of financial institutions. Other creditors (and consequently also companies within the group) can also contractually provide the payment of similar fees when taking a bond. Therefore, you can in principle be replaced. For this reason, it is also well -mentioned to consider such fees as economically equivalent with interest. Book costs or income that have a certain equivalence with interest on a separate account, but without referring them to taxes as interest. /GesverGB is mentioned, has a certain equality with interest rates. In fact, the right to account is assumed that an interest rate of the claim implicitly is old. As a result, when booking such a claim, the nominal value of this claim will be shown in a main amount that may be shown in the result of the results, and in an interest component (the discount), which must be shown in the result calculation per ratatemema and in the meantime temporarily recorded in a wart account must, divided. In the future of the economic equivalence, the part of this discount, which is included in the profits of the taxation period or is deductible, is considered to be economically equivalent with interestSubsequently, the taxpayer also gives the opportunity to also consider other forms of remuneration that are neither interest or income that is described as economically equivalent in the present draft as costs or earnings that are economically equivalent with interest. The possibility is only offered after receipt of a preliminary decision, for which the application is proven that it refers to remuneration that is economically regarded in consideration for the provision of capital to a third party. A different designation is favored on the one hand and from the debtor on the other hand if, due to the territoriality principle of different tax law rules, the beneficiaries are applicable and can be applied to this debtor. However, purely Belgian context did not correspond to the spirit of the BEPS action plan and its implementation in the mentioned guideline (UE) 2016/1164. Therefore, it is expressly stated that remuneration that is not interest and are not described by name, in the present case, can only be regarded as costs or income that is economically equivalent with interest, if this name can be used for both the beneficiary and the debtor. If it is not possible to enable the same remuneration to receive a different designation for the beneficiary and for the debtor if both people fall into the application areas of Belgian income taxes. the lens characteristics have, but of which remuneration as a result of a preliminary ruling opposite the beneficiary of the remuneration is known as costs that are economically equivalent with interest, while the other remuneration of the same type is due to elung of such a preliminary decision of non -valley costs that are economically equivalent to interest. If it is only a sense of the beneficiary of the beneficiary of this costs that these are considered economically equivalent to interest, an obligatory identification must be provided, so that the debtor of this Description of these costs has contractually accepted, can be easily identified and it will be easier to check whether it has been correctly followed up to its explanatory duties. Considered by the king, the interest on the following bonds are not taken into account when determining the excess debt costs:- Bonds for which the taxpayer has proven that the contract was concluded from June 17, 2016, and that since this date experience in fundamental changes,- bonds that are carried out in the execution of a project of a public-private partner, which will be awarded in accordance with the regulations on public orders as a result of a call for competition when project operators, debt costs, assets and income are located in the European Union. "With here As a result, the design of the practical modality purposes that must be observed before the above bonds are excluded from the application of Article 198/1 of the EStGB 92 must be excluded. Compliance with the law provided by the law. What concerns the bonds recorded before June 17, 2016, the following information of the explanation must be attached as an investment:- Modual loan contract, with the names of the parties, interest rate, term and up Enclosed amount, date on which the loan contract has been concluded- date and description of the changes that this bond has learned since the conclusion of the contract mentioned in the first line, or not,- confirmation that none of the changes, which have been made from June 17, 2016, is fundamental- amount of interest (possibly other costs that are economically equivalent with interest) as in Article 198/1 §2 paragraph 1 of the EStGB 92 mentioned, which in execution of the Preconented contract has been taken into account in the taxation period advertising costs or is included in the profits of the taxation periodAs for bonds that are included in the execution of a project of a public private partnership, the following information of the declaration must be attached as an investment: -t description of the content of the project of a public-private partnership,-confirmation that the project mentioned in the first focus Legislation on public contracts as a result of a call for competition has been awarded- confirmation that the project mentioned in the first idea, the debt costs associated with this project, which are achieved as a result of this project and the profits achieved by this project are all located in the European Union- amount of interest (If necessary costs that are economically equivalent to interest, as mentioned in Article 198/1 § 2 paragraph 1 of the EStGB 92, the intention of this loan was taken into account in the taxation period as advertising costs or the profits of the taxation period have been taken into account s has been included. For the information mentioned in the second relationship with the information mentioned in the second relationship, a literal declaration is sufficient. In the case of a more common investigation, it is provided in the present draft that the necessary evidence can be required from the taxpayer. Festival of the EBITDA if the taxable part of a company group, which is at least one in Article 198/1 Section 3 Paragraph 3 of the EStGB 92 Appeals. Draft, which was presented to the State Council for assessment, originally included an article in which two definitions were recorded in order to give the words "group member" and "taxation period" an autonomous meaning. As a result of the state councilor of August 7, 2019, these concepts were excluded by the king, which is presented to the king. The removal of this definitionist was remedied in the present draft by referring to the group members in the other articles, which are mentioned in Article 198/1 of the EStGB 92 - more precisely in § 3 paragraph 3 of the second index - articles. The recommendation contained in the above -mentioned report to refer to the "group of companies" as in Article 2 § 1 No. 5/1 of the EStGB 92 has not been followed, which was not determined in view of the legislator's goal, only that is not from the application of Article 198/1 of the EStGB 92 excluded Belgian members of the relevant group of companies is too far into account. There are need for a reasonable definition of the members of a Belgian group. This appropriate definition can only be provided by the legislator. In the meantime, the applicable legal provisions must be interpreted in a way that is in accordance with the guideline. As a result, the group mentioned in Article 4 paragraph 1 of the above -mentioned directive2016/1164 must be determined objectively and may not be different in terms of its definition, which is part of this group, which is part of this group. Article 198/1 § 3 paragraph 3 of the EStGB 92 only in accordance with the mentioned guideline 2016/1164 if the conditions of participation recorded in this provision are met from the perspective of Jewish Belgium -based society or branch, which is part of this group. This is particularly important if the different companies that are part of a group complete their financial year at a different time. In this case, the relevant societies must be connected, not only in the taxation period that is bound to the tax year X of a society, but also in the taxation period that is bound to the same tax year of a company that the financial year on a different date than the First society completed and part of the same group as this is. As far as the EBITDA is concerned, this is enriched by neutralization of the (inner -belgic) transactions inside the group and, if necessary, by reducing the negative EBITDA of certain group members. the same effect that has eBitdaThese corrections must therefore be neutralized the transactions within the group by counter -booking, but this may only be done to the extent that these transactions actually had an effect on the EBITDA. 1 No. 16 DesestGB 92 is regarded as a not approved edition. Payment of this remuneration puts a strain on the company's bookkeeping result and enables the reserves to be reduced. This reduction in the reserves is neutralized as a result of the proportionate increase in the unexpected expenses. Therefore, the payment of such remuneration for the taxpayer's eBitda is insignificant. This transaction measurement is therefore not neutralized. Reference can be made to the receipt of a dividend that is taken into account for the DBE deduction. The preservation of this dividend also has no effect on EBITDA; For this reason, this preservation does not have to be neutralized. The branch that is part of a group is, in any way, the positive EBITDA amounts of the other domestic societies or Belgian branches that are part of the same group. In the present draft, it is therefore also proposed that in such cases the negative EBITDA amount is distributed to the other internal societies and Belgian branches depending on the amount of the positive eBitda amount of these companies and branches. It was originally planned that the EBITDA must be specified on a separate form, whereby the resulting obligation to cooperate would result in the EBITAS EBITDA would be reduced to zero in the absence of a participation. In addition, it was stated that this reduction to zero would result in no other group member of the EBITDA amount. In contrast, the possibility of disposal of the EBITDA will be retained as a result of the state council, which is presented to you , anyway, this is accompanied by any obligation to cooperate. The ordinary rules regarding the burden of proof remain applicable. In addition, the determination can only be dispensed with if the entire group has given their consent in this regard. It is thus avoided that the election made by a member has consequences for the other members. Calculation of the EBITDA amount, for example because the expected consolidated EBITDA is below 10,000,000. to save this calculation. The advantage for these groups to make use of this possibility is not only that they are exempt from the administrative expenses associated with the determination of this amount, but also that they can make use of the possibility that in Article 734/12§ 2 of the KE /EStGB 92 (as inserted by the present draft) and is to distribute the amount mentioned in Article 198/1 § 3 paragraph 1 letter a) of the EStGB 92 to the group members (see also below). This revised provision No way of the right of taxpayers who actually have an interest in the calculation of Desebitda, the determination in the draft loses its essential character, which again provides this provision in accordance with the legal principle. 1 letter a) of the ESTGB 92 mentioned amount to the domestic societies and Belgian Niederlas Sungs, which during the entire taxation period part of the same group of companies Article 198/1 § 3 Paragraph 3 First index of the EStGB92 is provided that the minimum amount of EUR 3,000,000 is proportional to the members of the group in BelgiumThe following considerations have been taken into account for the proportional distribution:- In Article 198/1 § 3 paragraph 1 of the EStGB 92, the fact that each taxpayer for the border amount under either 30 percent of EBITDA or the proportional proportion of the amount of 3,000 they specified by you 000 EUR considered. Paragraph 1 letter a) of the EStGB92 corresponds to Article 4 paragraph 3 of the Directive (EU) 2016/1164 of the Council of July 12, 2016 with regulations to combat tax avoidance practices with direct effects The functioning of the internal market is determined that with one consolidated application of the measure of EUR 3,000,000 for The entire group applies. In concrete terms, this means that on Labeter it is ensured that the limit is not higher than either 30 percent of the consolidated EBITDA of all group members or EUR 3,000,000.- To avoid the abuse of the border amount between group members, it would be desirable to deduct the to consider excess debt costs. Therefore, the distribution should be applied according to the amount of the amount of excess debt costs. In contrast to the suggestions of certain authors, it has been deliberately decided not to choose a distribution of the amount of EUR 3,000,000 depending on the amount of the taxpayer's level. First, the eBitda of the taxable zero or even negative can be. Afterwards because thisbitda has nothing to do with the application for deduction of excess debt costs. Initially, the amount of EUR 3,000,000 is reduced by EUR 30 percent of the consolidated EBITDA of the group (sum of the EBITDA of Jedish society or Belgian branch of the group). This first warranted that the larger the group the group's eBitda amount, the smaller the to distribute amount. As soon as the EBITDA amount of the group corresponds or lies or above, the amount to be distributed is zero and the application of the following steps has no more sense. /1 Section 3 (1) letter b) of the EStGB 92 mentioned amount (= 30 percent of thebitda) as a border amount. 2. The remaining application for deductible excess debt costs is then set. With the remaining application for deduction, the excess debt costs after deduction of 30 percent of the eBitda of the taxpayer. For this purpose, the plus difference between the excess debt costs on the one hand and Demin Article 198/1 § 3 paragraph 1 letter b) of the EStGB 92 mentioned (= 30 percent of the eBitdades) is taken on the other. After the application for deduction of excess foreign capital costs in step 2, the amount of EUR 3,000,000, from which EBITDA was deducted in step 1, is distributed after the remaining application of any domestic society or Belgian branch of the group. Finally, the border amount by adding the amount, which has been assigned to the taxpayer in accordance with step 3, is calculated on the one hand and 30 percent of the eBitda of the taxpayer on the other hand. A clear hierarchy is provided by these successive steps. For example, the border amount of the tax liability consists of 30 percent of its own EBITDA, which will continue to be supplemented depending on the level of the EBITDA and the amount of excess debt costs. Suppose company A achieved an EBITDA of EUR 8,500,000 in the taxation period X, and excess debt costs of EUR 2,300,000. Assuming that Society B has achieved an EBITDA of EUR 1,000,000 in the same taxation period and has excess debt costs of EUR 750,000. Dasebitda and the excess debt costs of companies A and B have been adapted as a result of their group membership. This results in this example: 3,000,000 EUR-30 percent x (8,500,000 EUR + EUR 1,000,000) = 3,000000 EUR - EUR 2,850,000 = EUR 150,000. For this purpose, the plan difference between the excess debt costs on the one hand and 30 percent of the EBITDA is taken on the other. This results in the following treatment for society A: 2,300,000 EUR - (30 percent x 8,500,000 EUR) = EUR 2,300,000 - EUR 2,550,000 = -250,000 EUR. Society A therefore has no remaining application to deduct the excess debt costs. The following treatment applies to society B: EUR 750,000 - (30 percent x 1,000,000 EUR) = 750,000EUR - EUR 300,000 = EUR 450,000. After using the deduction on the basis of the EBITDA, Societyb has a remaining application of EUR 450,000. Since there is no application for Society A, the amount specified in step 1 may be deducted from society B. In step4, the border amount is calculated for societies A and B. Society A is entitled to a deduction of EUR 2,550,000. Society B is entitled to a deduction of EUR 300,000 + EUR 150,000 = 450,000EUR. There is even an EBITDA surplus of EUR 833,333 (= border amount of EUR 250,000). For B Occupation of excess debt costs EUR 750,000. The border amount is only EUR 450,000, which is why in principle a deduction of excess debt costs in the amount of 300,000 euros is included. if (for the transfer of a border amount of EUR 250,000, which would limit the amount of the not approved expenditure to EUR 50,000). In the present design, a slope in the present draft is provided by an alternative distribution method through which the amount of EUR 3,000,000 is evenly distributed to the various group members becomes. The aim of this method is primarily to mitigate the complexity of this measure to the taxpayers who are not affected by this measure, for example if the amount of excess freight capital costs is much lower than the limit of EUR 3,000,000. This method can also be For groups in which the different members are completed the taxation period at different times, since the different group members can determine a border amount without dependent on information that must be communicated to them by other group members. and Belgian settlements have concluded a contract mentioned in Article 743/11 § 3, in which an even distribution to the contracting parties is provided. To be able to check the position and of the group contribution agreement whether all conditions mentioned in Article 194Sexies of the EStGB92 are met, it is proposed to request the following information in the list:- NOT AD COMPARTION COSTORAGES CONCRICATION COSTIONS CONCRICATION COMPLECTION CONCRIBUTION. the taxation period, limit of the taxation period,- in the application of Article 194Sexies of the EStGB 92 Tax Freewinne,- not an excess debt costs that are to be presented as advertising costs, which are to be presented with a subsequent taxation period. The excessive debt costs of the taxation period that is not considered to be advertising costs is increased or to be used in the application of Article 194Sexies of the EStGB 92 tax -free profits is or is overwhelmed (if there is no excess freedom capital costs in the taxation period or any in the application of Article 194 Sexies of the EStGB 92 tax -free profits). This amount mentioned in the last line of land forms the amount mentioned in the first line, which is set up on the tax return of the following tax year. If no list has been filled out in the previous tax return, it is assumed that the amount mentioned in the first idea is to be zeroThen I suggest transferring the authorization of this line -up to the minister of finance or his representative. For this reason, no addition must be provided in the present draft. Therefore, it is sufficient for both contracts to transfer the authority to determine their pattern to the minister of finance or his representative. be. The Vice Prime Minister and Minister of Finance. De croo20. December 2019 - Royal decree to adapt the KE/EStGB 92 as a result of the introduction of the deduction of the group contribution and the limitation of the interest deduction gap, king the Belgian, all present and future, our greeting! Due to the Income Tax Code 1992: - of Article 194Sexies sales 3, inserted by the law of December 25, 2017,- of Article 198/1 § 2 sales 1, inserted by the law of December 25, 2017,- of Article 198/1 § 2 sales 2, inserted by the law of December 25, 2017,- of Article 198/ 1 Section 3-sales 3 First focus, inserted by the law of December 25, 2017,- of Article 198/1 § 3 paragraph 4, inserted by the law of May 2, 2019,- of Article 19/1§ 5, inserted by the law of December 25, 2017,- of Article 205/5 §5, included by the law of December 25, 2017; based on KE/ESTGB 92; in consideration of the Council on July 12, 2016 with regulations To combat tax avoidance Kniken with direct effects on the functioning of the internal market; on the basis of the statement of financial inspector of June 28, 2019; due to the consent of the minister of the budget from July 15, 2019; due to the report No. 66.449/1/V of the State Council of August 7, 2019 In the application of Article 84 § 1 Paragraph 1 No. 2 of the laws about the State Council on January 12, 1973, at the proposal of the Vice Prime Minister and Minister of the Finance Bed, we are issued: Chapter 1 - Implementation of the Directive (UE) 2016/1164 (" ATAD ") Article 1 - The partial implementation of the Directive (EU) 2016/1164 of July 12, 2016 serves with provisions to combat tax avoidance practices with direct effects on the functioning of the internal market.art. 2 - In Chapter 1 of the KE/EStGB 92, a section27 bis/2 that includes Article 734/8 to 734/14, with the following wording: "Section 27bis/2 - Limitation of the interest deduction lesson 1 - Definitely in Article 198/1 § 2 Paragraph 1 and 3 of the 1992 Income Tax Code mentioned and earnings mentioned that are economically equivalent with interest. viewed:- The depreciation of intangible investment or property, provided that interest expenses for debt in application of articles 3:16 of the Royal Decree of April 29, 2019 are included in the acquisition value of this system- the reduction of stocks regarded as advertising costs , if interest expenses for debt in the application of Article 3: 16 of the same can The decree of these stocks and execution orders are included in the manufacturing price- the remuneration that the taxpayer of a foreign company owes, which is part of the same group of companies as the taxpayer, and the based on Article 185 § 2 letter a) of the 1992 Income Tax Code 1992 and in application The transfer price regulations A premium for the provision of capital is limited-exchange rate gains and losses, provided that they result from the payment of interest in the execution of a loan contract, guarantee fees and similar costs that are due to the conclusion of a contract by the other Party guaranteed a beneficiary if the contractual conditions fulfilled the payment of an amount determined in the predetermined amount- mediation fees and similar costs that are not a interest rate that is due to the conclusion of a loan contract- the part of Article 3: 4 5 of the royal decree of 29April 2019 for the execution of the Code of Civil and Associations for the execution of the Code of Local and Associations for an unexpected or exceptionally low interest rate demand, which is included in the profits of the 1992 Income Tax Code 1992 in the profits of the taxation period, and the part of the same royal estate in Article 3:45 and 3:55 mentioned discounts on undisclosed or exceptionally low -interest liabilities, which is viewed as advertising costs. § 2 - For the application of Article 198/1 §2 paragraph 1 of the 1992 Income Tax Code 1992, costs and income are also regarded as economical -equivalent with interest if these costs or earnings represent a consideration for the provision of capital and the beneficiary of these costs or the debtor Income has assumed your designations or income that is economically equivalent with interest. In this case, paragraph 1 is not only applied for to the person, the preliminary decision, but also effectively applicable to the beneficiary of the cost relationship mentioned in paragraph 1 in paragraph 1. that these costs or yields mentioned in paragraph 1 are regarded for the application of Article 198/1 § 2 of the same code of law as economically equivalent to interest. The preliminary decision requested that the earnings mentioned in paragraph 1 or beneficiary of the cost -identified cost -identified costly and in a list attached as an investment not only the identity of this debtor or favored, but also the amount of these costs or earnings. For the exclusion of the V or bonds recorded on June 17, 2016 and the exclusion of a project of a public -private partnership, 734/9 - if the taxpayer has one or more bonds before June 17, 2016 and from this date there is no fundamental Have learned changes in interest of these bonds for the determination of the excess refrigerated capital costs mentioned in Article 198/1 of the same code of law, provided that the declaration is attached to a list of these bonds and the modalities of the present article. :- Modalities of the loan contract, co-names of the parties, interest rate, term and admitted amount, and date on which this contract is concluded- date and description of the changes that this bond has mentioned since the end of the first place GS has learned,- confirmation that none of the changes mentioned in the second idea, which have been made from June 17, 2016, is fundamental, as in Article 198/1 § 2 paragraph 1 of the same Code of Code mentioned, which is mentioned in the execution of the first The contract mentioned in the taxation period has been taken into account as advertising costs or has been included in the profits of the taxation period. Stands ready to submit them on an easy request .art. 734/10 - If the taxpayer has one or more bonds, which, in the execution of a project of a public -private partnership that is assigned in accordance with the legal provisions, is awarded to a public -private. Excess debt costs are not taken into account, provided that the statement of a list of these bonds is attached and the modalities of the present article are observedIn this list, the taxpayer indicates the following per bond:-identification and description of the project of a public-private partnership,- confirmation that the project mentioned in the first focus was awarded in accordance with the legal provisions on public contracts as a result of a call for competition- confirmation that this was confirmed In the first idea mentioned, the debt costs associated with this project and the consequent projects implemented and achieved profits are all located in the European Union, amount of interest or other costs that are economically equivalent with interest, as in Article 198/1 § 2 Paragraph 1 of the same code of law, which has been taken into account in the execution of this bond in the taxation period of advertising costs or is included in the profits of the taxation period. With regard to the changes that these bonds have experienced, available to the administration and is ready to submit them to simply request to collect the following evidence and to provide the administration available to provide them with an easy request:- One Or several documents to prove that the project mentioned in paragraph 2 in paragraph 2 has been awarded in accordance with the legal provisions on public contracts as a result of a call for competition- one or more documents evidence that the project mentioned in paragraph 2, which is mentioned in paragraph 2, with this project Beating costs and the assets achieved as a result of this project and achieved profit airs are located in the European Union. Section 3 - Special rules, the applicable mining if the taxable part of a group of companies ISTART. 734/11- § 1 - If the taxable part of a group of companies is at least one of the company or branch mentioned in Article 198/1 § 3 Paragraph 3 of the second line of the same law, the EBITDA -Fee taxpayers according to the provisions of this article. The EBAS EBITDA will be reduced by the income that has been obtained from the societies or branches mentioned in paragraph 1, provided that these income is included in the result of the taxation period and these income is not an article 198/1 § 2 of the same law book mentioned or income Economically equal M It is not applicable to it. sales 3 is not applicable:- If it is the Inarticula 202 of the same code mentioned that are mentioned in accordance with Articles 203 to205 of the same Code of Code, from the profit of the current taxation period or a subsequent taxation period- if it is The profits deals with the instruction of a project of a public-private partnership in accordance with the legal provisions on public orders as a result of a competition call-on project if project operators, debt costs, assets and income are all located in the European Union- to 85 percent of the articles 205/ 2 and 205/3 of the same code mentioned the income of the taxation period, which can be deducted from the profit of the current taxation period or a subsequent taxation period in accordance with Article 543 of the same Code Book Invaroctions from patents that are taken into account for the deduction from the profit of the taxation period. § 2-If the EBITDA amount of a company or branches mentioned in § 1 paragraph 1 is negative, this negative amount is on the taxpayer and the other companies mentioned in § 1 paragraph 1 and branches in relation to the amount of the positive EBITDA amounts of the taxpayer and distributed everyone and branches. In the case mentioned in paragraph 1, Dasebitda of the taxpayer is reduced by the amount mentioned in paragraph 1, which is granted to the taxpayer, up to an amount that cannot be below zero. Section 3 -I -in Section 1 (1) and branches mentioned can agree on the calculation of the EBITDA with the taxpayer's conclusion of a contract that meets the conditions of the present paragraphIn this case, it is assumed that the EBITDA is subject to tax and these companies and branches are zero. its application period is determined by a note of the tax year or the tax years, which is/are tied to the taxation for taxation periods to which this contract is used,-at least one of the contracting parties this contract of the statement in relation to the tax year, on the duty contract, is applied, adds. 734/12- § 1 - If the taxable part of a group of companies is at least one in Article 198/1 § 3 Paragraph 3 of the second debt of the same Code mentioned, the company or branch mentioned in Article 198/1 § 3 paragraph 1 letter a) Code of law for the taxpayer set as follows: 1. The amount mentioned in Article 198/1 § 3 paragraph 1 letter a) of the same code is reduced by 30 percent of the sum of the amount of Article 734/11 of the taxpayer and each of the previous bonuses or branches. Subsequently, the plus difference between the excess debt costs on the side and 30 percent of the EBITDA specified in accordance with Article 734/11 on the other hand. The amount specified in accordance with No. 1 is then distributed proportionally to the taxpayer and the established company and branch, depending on the amount of the amount in accordance with No. 2.4. The taxpayer's border amount is determined by adding 30 percent of EBITDA with the amount set in accordance with Article 734/11. Or a branch is zero if this amount is a negative amount. § 2 - The taxpayer who has concluded one in Article 734/11 § 3 mentioned, § 1 can deviate by in this contract an even distribution of the in Article 198/ 1 Section 3 (1) letter a) The same amount mentioned in the same code of law provides for the contracting parties. In the application of paragraph 1, the amount mentioned in Article 198/1 §3 paragraph 1 letter a) of the same code for the taxpay and whose denominator corresponds to the number of contracting parties of the list for the tax exemption of excess debt costs, which were not considered as advertising costs in a previous taxation period, and the type of interest contract. 734/13 - The pattern of the list in Article 194Sexies sales 3 of the 1992 Income Tax Code in 1992 is determined by the Minister of Competence or his agent. Excess debt costs that have been considered as advertising costs, which were presented from the previous taxation period, 2. In Article 198/1 §2 of the same Code mentioned, excess debt costs mentioned, 3. The border amount mentioned in Article 198/1§ 3 of the same Code, 4. If necessary, in the application of Article194 sexies of the same code of law, tax -free profits that, on the one hand, cannot exceed the amount mentioned in No. 1 and on the other hand the plus difference between the amount mentioned in No. 3 cannot exceed, 5. On a subsequent taxation period provider, excess debt costs are not considered as advertising costs, either by increasing the amount mentioned in No. 1 for the plus difference between the excess refrising costs mentioned in No. 2 and the border amount mentioned in No. 3 or by reducing the in No. 1 The amount mentioned for the tax -free profits mentioned in No. 4 are determined. 734/14- The pattern of the interest deduction contract mentioned in Article 198/1 § 5 of the same code of interest is determined by the minister or his agent. "Chapter 2 - deduction of the group contribution type. 3 - In Chapter 1 of the KE/EStGB 92, a section becomes a section 27 Quater/1, which includes Article 734 Quater/1, inserted with the following wording: "Section27 Quater/1 - Deduction of the group contribution type734quater/1 -The sample of the group contribution contract mentioned in Article 205/5 § 5 of the Income Tax Code 1992 is determined by the minister or his agent responsible for finance. of the law book of the companies and associations and the recovery of various provisions, the references contained in Article 734/8des KE/EStGB 92 must be carried out on Article 3:16, 3:45 and 3:55 of the Royal Decree of April 29, 2019 of the law book of the companies and associations as references to Article 38, 67 or 77 of the Royal Decree of January 30, 2001 for the execution of the Service Code. 5 - The Royal decree will be for taxation periods from the tax year 2020, which at the earliest on January 1, 2019 Start, applicable.Art.6 - the one for finances Thinking minister is commissioned to carry out the present decree. De crooPublication: 2021-11-04numac: 2021033490federal government service and support27 August 2021.-circular letter no. 685bis. - Guidelines in the context of the special COVID -19 Measures for the staff members of the Federal Public Ambt regarding the organization of the work - change of circular letter no. 685 of 1 September 2020. - German translation below is the German translation of the Circular letter no. 685bis of the Minister of Civil Service Affairs of 27 August2021 - Guidelines in the context of the special COVID -19 measures for the staff members of Hetfederal Public Official office regarding the organization of the work - change of circular letter no. 685 of 1 September2020 (Belgian Official Gazette of 31 August 2021). This translation was drawn up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.federaler Öffentlicher Department Politikund Unterstützung27. August 2021 - Rundschreiben Nr. 685bis- guidelines im Rahmen der Besonderencovid-19-Maßnahmen für Personalmitglieder des Grayerals Öffentlichen Dienstes in Sachen Arbeitsorganization-Abänderung des Rundschreibens Nr. 685 Vom 1. September 2020an those feralals Öffentlichendienste Undd that serves, which Ihnen Unterstehen, an das Ministerium der Landeverteidigung und dieinstichtungen Öffentlichen interestes, who are the administrative administratives Öffentlichen vom. n. n. nornen in Article 1 des Festlegung Bestimmter Maßnahmen in Bezugauf den Öffentlichen Dienst Bestimmt Istsehr Geehrte Kolleginnen und Kollegen, Sehrgeehrte Damen und Herren, in Der Erwägung, Dass Eine Neue Phase in the Bewämanieboniebegonn an diese neuen gebenheiten were annoyed, inerwägung der Notwägung der Notwendigenkeit, those that Konsequezen für that personalmit glider of the administrativa vardosen zu Vergeutlichen und zu prarmitlen, möchte bittenar, the personal mitar, the personal's bitten, the personal's bitten, the personal's bitten, the personal's bitten -roots Ichthlinien in Bezug auf die Arbeitsoriesorationzu Erteilen.es Wird Auf Die Guidellinien Wistenen, Die Erwähnt sind in Kapitel 2 des Ministerial Ledses vom 28. October 2020 Zur Festlegung von Dringlichkeitsmaßnahmmmmung der Ainere Letbreungdungdes Other Bestimmung, Durch die Vorerwähntes Kapitel 2 Ersetzt Oder Abgeändert wird und the anwendungsbereich Dem Anwendungsbereichsbreibens entestpricht. Eignet. Die Arbeit im homeoffice is also nicht mehr pflichtund wird germäß the besthenden vereinbarungen ausgeübt. Dies Schließt Daher Nicht Mehr Diemöglichkeit Aus, Rückkehrzeiten Oder Physische Versammlungen zu organizations. Es ist völlig klar, dassalle möglichen Vorbeugungsmaßnahmen am Arbeitsplatz beachtet werden müssen.Der Konzertierungsausschussvon Freitag, dem 20. August 2021, hat eine Reihe von Lockerungen angekündigt, die ebenfalls für die föderalenDienste gelten.Gleichzeitig wurde angekündigt, dass einige dieser Lockerungen noch nicht fürdie Brüsseler Region Gelten Würden. Konkret Bedreutet dies für that servant, who is in the region Brüssel-Hauptstadtbefinden, folendes:* HomeOffice bleibt urgently Empfohlen. . BLEIBEN Die riotn, which is im Voorerwähntenministerieels Erlass vom 28. October 2020 in Der Fassung Vor Seiner am 1. September 2021 in Kraft Tretendenabänderung Festgertegtegtegt, anwendbar.ab dem 1. September 2021 Gelten außerdem fuselerheitnitnitnitnitnitnitnt Seinen physischenarbeitsplatz zurückkehren Kann, can es eine spontaneous Konsultation bei seinem arbeits media service (für that blowjob acts sich um empreva). Der Arbeitsarzt beurteilt dann, welche Vorbeugungsmaßnahmenfür das betreffende Personalmitglied erforderlich und gegebenenfalls zusätzlich zu ergreifen sind.*Im Gegensatz zu den Bestimmungen des vorigen Punktes muss ein Personalmitglied, dem eine Quarantäne-oder Isolierungsmaßnahme auferlegt worden ist (weil es einen Hochrisikokontakt gehabt hat oderaus dem Ausland Zurückkehrt) Keine Konsultation Beim Arbeitsarzt Beanboaging. In Diesem Fall Bleiben Diebestimmungen der Punkte 2 und 3 des Rundschreibens Nr. 685 Vom 1. September 2020 Unverändert Anwendbar.*Lebt Ein Personalmitglied Mit Einer Mit Hohem Gesundheitsrisiko Zusammen, So Ergreift es die Erforderlichenvorbeugungsmaßnaghmen, Einschließliche ArbeitswegDemand letters will replace the circular No. 685 and enter into force on September 1, 2021.From this date, these guidelines for all HR members, including the personnel members, who have submitted a quarantine certificate with the note of an absence period to September 1, 2021.have to contact your occupational medical service as quickly as possible.Personnel members who live with a person with a high health risk risk must immediately contact their service manager in order to make the necessary precautions for their return. The minister of the public service.De Sutter