Publication: 2021-03-17NUMAC: 2021030519Federal Public Service Home Affairs 9 March 2021.-Ministerial Circular Letter on the absence for vaccination against COVID-19 of the operational staff members of the assistance zones-featured chairman currently used all resources to have the population of the population to be used It is of great importance that all citizens get the chance to be vaccinated. This certainly also applies to the operational staff members of the assistance zones, as referred to in Article 14 of the Act of 15 May 2007 on civil security. For the sake of the operationality of the service, it has been rejected that a vaccination can be as smooth as possible, without difficulties or disadvantages for the operational staff member. With this circular letter I want to give guidelines to the assistance zones for their operational staff members: the professional firefighters and the voluntary firefighters, deburs ambulanciers and the Voluntary ambulance officers. The operational staff member who is invited to be vaccinated at a time when he/she is obliged to perform performance before the assistance zones pursuant to the labor scheme imposed on him/her, the service may leave the necessary time and receives a missionary chair for this. If applicable, the shipment chair for each required injection. This means that professional firefighters will retain their wage and the premium for operationality and irregular performance during the duration of the shipment. The professional ambulanciers retain their paving and, if the granting conditions are met, their allowance irregular performance during the duration of the shipment. The voluntary firefighters and ambulance persons maintain their performance fee and, if the granting conditions are paid, their allowance for impaired performance during the duration of the shipment. In addition, the other modalismal ones continue to be determined in the zonal regulations regarding shipments (1). The operational staff member reports to the zone commander, or his representative that he/she wishes to go to an invitation to vaccination and this at the latest Two days prior to the vaccination. This with a view to maintaining the operationality of the service. At the request of the zone commander, or his delegate, the staff member explains proof of his initial call for vaccination. Things are granted for the relocation to and from the vaccination site, the vaccination itself and dust pause following the vaccination. This letter is valid from February 1, 2021 up to and with31 December 2021. I would like to ask these rules correctly for respect and recognition for these staff members who work every day in the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie. Heogend.brussel, March 9, 2021.a. Verlinden, Minister of the Interior, Institutional Reforms and Democratic Renovation _________ Note (1) See Article 3 of the Royal Decree of 19 April 2014 on the remuneration scheme of the Operational Personnel of the Relief Zones