Publication: 2021-10-15Numac: 2021204761federal Public Service Chancellery of the Prime Minister 8 October 2021.-Royal Decree extending the assignment of the COVID-19 Commissioner and COVID-ADJUNCT Commissioner Filip, King of the Belgians, to all those now are and here, our regulatory, Article 37; Having regard to the Royal Decree of 9 October 2020 appointing the COVID-19 Commissioner and COVID-19 ADJUNCT commissioners determining their assignment, Article 1, fourth paragraph; On the nomination of the Prime Minister, the Minister of Health and the Minister of the Interior, we have decided and decisions: Article 1. The assignment of the COVID-19 Commissioner is extended by a period of six months. The assignment From the COVID-19 Adjunct Commissioner is extended by a Periodevan Six months.Art. 2. Article 2 of the Royal Decree of 9 October 2020 Appointment of the COVID-19 Commissioner and COVID-19 Adjunct Commissioner and to determine their assignment, is supplemented with the provisions under 9 °, 10 ° and 11 °, read : "9 ° prepare and supervise the possible benefit of the federal phase of crisis management, in collaboration with the National Crisis Centrums, the federal states, with special attention to the epidemiological evolution and the vaccination campaign; 10 ° Organize the transfer of the assignments to the existing Formulating structures and administrations; 11 °, in collaboration with the National Crisis Center and the Federal States, from proposals for improvement of crisis management. ". Art. 3. This Decree comes into effect on October 9, 2021.Art.4. The prime minister, the minister competent for public health and the minister is competent for interior cases, each with regard to him, charged with the implementation of this decision. Given in Brussels, 8 October 2021.filip of Koningsweight: the Prime Minister, a. Decroode Minister of Health, f. Vandenbrouckede Minister of Interior cases, a. RelievePublication: 2021-12-01Numac: 202120557575waalse Government Service18 November 2021.-Decree of the Walloon Government amending the decision of the Walloon Government of 16 November 2000 implementing the Decree of 6 May 1999 on the establishment, the collection and disputes on Walloon regional taxation Walloon Government, entitled to the decree of 6 May 1999 on the establishment, the collection and the disputes regarding the director tax, in particular on Articles 2, 6, 10 to 16, 17bis, 18, 18bis, 19, 20bis, 20Quater, 25, 26, 27, 31, 57BIS, 63, § 2, 1 °, and 64; Having regard to the decision of the Waalssekery of 16 November 2000 implementing the Decree of 6 May 1999 on the establishment, the collection and The Disputes regarding the Walloon regional taxes, as amended decision of the Walloon Government of 3 June 2021 amending the decision of the Walloon Government of 19 July2018 on the organic personnel formation of D e Walloon government service; in view of the report of 14 June 2021, drawn up in accordance with Article 3, 2 °, of the Decree of 11 April 2014 holding the resolutions of the Women's Conference of the United Nations that took place in September 1995 in Beijing and to integrate the gender dimension in all of the regional leadership lines; in view of the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on 18 June 2021; in view of the approval of the Minister of Budget, given on July 14, 2021; in view of advice No.70.258/4 of the Council van State, given on 28 October 2021, in accordance with Article 84, § 1, first -line, 2 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973; Considering that differences must be updated, including to result in the new structure of the Walloon public service; n in the interest of the person liable for the fact that, among other things, to follow the resumption of the property tax service; mostly seals that various provisions must be adjusted to arrive at a text that is more understandable for the taxpayer; on the nomination of the Minister of Finance; Na Verrazring, Decree: Article 1. In Article 1 of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 16 November 2000 implementing the Decree of 6 May 1999 on the establishment, the recovery of the Disputes regarding the Walloon regional taxes is point 3 ° replaced as follows: "3 ° recipient: the official of the Walloon government service finance responsible for the collection of tax claims in favor of the Walloon Region, or the official who performs this function." 2. Article 2 of the same decision, last amended by the Decree of the Walloon Government of 13 July 2017, will be canceled.art. 3. Article 3 of the same decision, last amended by the Walloon Government Decree of 18 July 2019, is being replaced by what follows: "Art.3. The officials referred to in Article 2 of the Decree charged with the reception and the check of the declarations are: 1 ° for the application of the traffic tax, the input tax, the tax on the Games and bets, the tax on automatic relaxation devices, Debelasting on the vending machines, the tax on the opening of liquor stores of fermented beverages, the officials of the Department of location and Checking the Walloon government service Finance; for the application of the taxes on waste and taxes and fees regarding the financing of the water policy, the civil servants of the soil and waste department of the Walloon government service agriculture, natural resources and environment. ". Art. 4. In Chapter II of the same decision, Article 3bis is inserted as follows: "Art. 3bis. In the case of declarations of taxes on the waste, the service referred to in Article 3 charged with the reception of the declarations confirms , the receipt of the declaration within ten working days of receipt of the declaration. " Art. 5. In Article 4, paragraph 1 of the same decree, most recently amended by the decision of the Walloon Government of 15 March 2012, the word "Walloon" will always be canceled. 6. Article 5 of the same decision, last amended by the Decree of the Walloon Government of 18 July 2019, will be replaced by what follows: "Art. 5The service in Article 6 of the decree -intended service charged with the delivery of the declaration form consists of: 1 ° for the application of the property tax, the traffic tax, the entry tax, the tax on the Games and bets, the tax on automatic relaxation appliances , Debelasting on the vending machines, the tax on the opening of liquor stores of fermented beverages, the Department location and control of the Walloon Public Service Finance; 2 ° for the application of Debelastingen to the waste and taxes and fees regarding the financing of water policy, the Department of Soil and Waste of the Walloon Public Service Agriculture, Natural Resources Environment. ". Art. 7. Article 5bis of the same decision, inserted by the Decree of the Walloon Government of 6 December 2007, will be canceled. , last amended by the decision of the Walloon Government of 18 July 2019, will be replaced Angen by what follows: "Art. 6. The service referred to in Articles 10 to 16 of the Decree consists of: 1 ° for the application of the property tax, the traffic tax, the entry tax, the kilometer charge, the tax on the Games and bets, the tax on automatic relaxation equipment, the tax on the vending machines, the tax on discarded business premises and the tax on the opening of liquor stores of fermented beverages, the Department of Ostit and Control of the Walloon public service finances; 2 ° for the application of the taxes on waste and taxes on financing of the water policy, the Department of Soil and Waste of Dewalle Public Service Agriculture, Natural Resources and Environment. ". Art. 9. In Article6bis of the same decision, paragraph 1, inserted by the Decree of the Walloon Government of 22 December2009, are the words" of the Operational Directorate General Taxation of the Walloon Public Service " replaced by the words "of the Walloon government service finance, or the official who who fails to do this, or the official he delegated." Art. 10. Article 7 of the same decision, last amended by the Decree of the Walloon Government of 18 July 2019, will be replaced by what follows: "Art. 7. The official referred to in Article 18 of the Decree is the Inspector General of the Department Location and control of the Walloon Public Service Finance, or the civil servant who, or the official delegated by him. In deviation from the first paragraph and in application of Article D.282 of Book II of the Environmental Book, which entails the Water Code for Debelassations and fees regarding the financing of water policy and the taxes on waste materials are drawn up by the director-general of the Walloon government service agriculture, natural aid sources and environment, or the official who performs this function, or the official delegated by him, and declared enforceable by the Director General of the Walloon Public Service Finance, whether the civil service performs this function, or the official he delegated. " Art. 11. Article 8 of the same decision, last amended by the Decree of the Walloon Government of 18 July 2019, is replaced by what follows: "Art. 8. The service referred to in Articles 17bis, 18bis, 19 and 20bis of the Decree consists of: 1 ° for the purposes of the property tax, the traffic tax, the entry tax tax, the kilometer tax, tax on the Games and bets, the debilation of automatic relaxation devices, the tax on the vending machines, the tax on discarding farms and the tax on the opening of liquor stores of fermented beverages, the Department branches Control of the Walloon Public Service Finance; 2 ° for the purposes of the tax on waste and taxes and fees regarding the financing of water policy, the departmental bottom and waste from the Walloon government service, natural resources and lifestyle. ".". Art. 12. In Chapter III of the same decision, a new Article 8bis inserted, reading follows: "Art. 8bisThe official referred to in Article 20quater of the Decree is: 1 ° for the application of the property tax, the tax on the Games and bets, the tax on automatic relaxation devices, the tax on the machines, the tax on discarded business space the tax on the opening van Ligterijen of fermented beverages, the director of the management of the withdrawal of the property tax and of the specific taxes of the Department branches Checking the Walloon Public Service Finance, or the official who performs this function, or officer delete him; 2 ° for The application of the traffic tax, the input tax, the director of the management of the Vehicle Taxation location of the Department of the Department of the Walloon Public Service Finance, or the official who performs this position, or dedoor him representative. ". Art. 13 . Article 9 of the same decision, last granted IGD Bij The decision of the Walloon Government of 18 July 2019, will be replaced by what follows: "Art.9. § 1. The official who must decide on the calls referred to in Articles 25 and 26 of the Decree consists of: 1 ° for the application of the property tax, the traffic tax, the entry tax, the kilometer charge, the tax on the Games and bets, Debelassing on automatic relaxation devices, the tax on the vending machines, the tax on displaced plane spaces and the tax on the opening of liquor stores of fermented beverages, the director of Dedirection Administrative Disputes of the Department Disputes and Legal Support of Dewalle Public Service Finance, or the civil servant who feature exerted, whether the representative officer; 2 ° for the application of the taxes on waste and taxes entributions regarding the financing of water policy, the director of the Economic and Financial Instruments Director of the Soil and Waste of the Walloon Public Service Agriculture, N Surgeons of sources and the environment, or the official who performs this function, or the official delegated by him.§ 2. The official who must decide on the professions referred to in Article 27 of the Decree consists: 1 ° for the application of the property tax, the tax on the Games and Betting, the tax on automatic relaxation devices, the tax on the machines, the tax on discarded farm rooms and the tax on the opening of liquor stores of fermented beverages, the director of directing the establishment of the property tax and of the specific Taxes of the Department location and control of the Walloon Public Service Finance, or the official who performs this function, or the official he delegated; 2 ° for the application of the traffic tax, the input tax, the director of the management of vehicle taxation location of the Department Finance service, or the official who performs this function, or dedoor him delegated officer; 3 ° for the purposes of the taxes on the waste offense the taxes and fees regarding the financing of water policy, the director of the management and financial instruments of the department Soil and waste from the Walloon public service agriculture, natural resources and environment, or the official who performs this function, or the Doorhem representative. ". Art. 14. Article 10 of the same Decree, last amended by the Walloon Government Decree of 9 May 2019, will be replaced by what follows: "Art. 10.the in Article 31 of the Decree is the Inspector General of the Inningen Department Collection of the Walloon Public Service Finance, or the official who performs this function, or the official by him. " Art. 15. Article 11 of the same decision, last amended by the decision of the Walloon Government of 24 May 2017, is replaced by what follows: "Art.11. The tax must be paid to the recipient." Art. 16. In Article 12ter, §1, of the same decision, inserted by the Decree of the Walloon Government of 5 December 2013, of the Operational Directorate-General Taxation of the Walloon Public Service "replaced by the words" of the Walloon Public Service Finance ". Art. 17. In Article 22 of the Self-Decree, last amended by the Walloon Government Decree of 9 May 2019, the words "of the operational directorate-general taxation of the Walloon public service" are replaced by the words "of the Walloon government service". Art. 18. In Article 22bis, of the same decision, last amended by the Decree of the Walloon Government of 18 July 2019, paragraph 2 is replaced by what follows: "§ 2The service referred to in Article 63, § 2, 1 °, of the Decree of the Department of Financial and Economic Instruments of the Department of Soils and Waste of the Walloon Public Service Agriculture, Natural Tools and Environment. ". Art. 19. Article222 of the same decision, inserted The decision of the Walloon government of 22 March 2018 and amended by the decision of the Walloon Government of 9 May 2019 will be replaced by what follows: "Art.22ter. The Service referred to in Article 57bis of the Decree is the Department of collection and collection of the Walloon Public Service Finance. ". Art. 20. Article 23 of the same decision, last amended by the Walloon Government Decree of 18 July 2019, is being replaced by what follows : "Art.23. The service referred to in Article 64 of the Decree is the Walloon Public Service Finance. In abnormality of the first paragraph, the service referred to in Article 64 of the Decree is for the application of the taxes on waste and taxes and fees regarding the financing of water policy, the Department of Soil and Waste of the Walloon Public Service Agriculture, Natural Resources Environment . ". Art. 21. The minister is responsible for finance with the Vandit Decree implementation. Namur, November 18, 2021. For the government: the Prime Minister, etc. Rupode Minister of Budget and Finance, Airports and Sport infrastructures, J .-L.cruckePublication: 2021-12-01Numac: 2021205612ministerie of the German-speaking Community 25 November 2021.-Decree of the government amending the decision of the government of 21 January 2021 establishing measures to prevent the distribution of the Coronavirus (COVID-19)) Deregister of the German -speaking Community, in view of the decree of 1 June 2004 on the Honzondheidspromotie and on medical prevention, Article 10.6.6, § 1, inserted by the Decree of 29 October 2021; Having regard to the cooperation agreement of 14 July 2021 between the Federalestate, the Flemish Community, the French Community, the German-speaking Community, the Community Commission Committee, the Walloon Region and the French Community Commission on the processing of data with regard to the digital EU-Covid certificate, the Covid Safe Ticket, the PLF and processing of personal data from employees living or staying abroad and performing activities independently in Belgium; given the decision of the government of 21 January 2021 to determine measures to prevent the distribution of the Coronavirus (Covid- 19); In view of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, Article 3, § 1; in view of the urgent necessity; that it is, considering the dramatic more deterioration NDe infection situation, it is appropriate that both the federal government, and the partialities, establish stricter rules with regard to the application of the Covid Safe Ticket; that the epidemiological situation in the German language area remains extremely worrying; that urgent measures are taken that extends beyond the current measures to protect public health, prevent overloading healthcare and resume social life in safe circumstances; that the Delta variant in the German language area is dominant (almost 100 % of the infections) and that this variant is more contagious than the alpha and other variants; that as a result, the virus is spreading even more to the population; whereas this decision is therefore adopted as quickly as possible; of 1 June 2004 and with the application of Article 13bis of the cooperation agreement of 14 July 2021; whereas the seven-day incidence fan is new infections with the Coronavirus (COVID-19) on November 23, 2021 in the entire German language area 829 per 100,000 inhabitants; that the fourteen-day incidence of new infections with the Coronavirus (COVID-19) on November 23, 2021 in the entire German language area is 1,449 per 100,000 inhabitants; that incidence value at the beginning of November 897 per 100,000 inhabitants was; that the incidence value has since risen 62 %;000 inhabitants are located for the entire Belgian territory; that the incidence value in the German language area is slightly lower than the Belgian average; That that situation hardly improves; Whereas the positivity ratio in the German language area is 18.8 %, while for the whole of Belgium it stays on average at 15.4 %; that the positivity ratio in the German language area has even risen and is still clearly higher than in the rest of Belgium; that that value has also remains at the same high level for some time; 19) in the German language area dominates; mostly the percentage of fully vaccinated people in the German language area is 67 % of the total population; that the vaccination rate throughout Belgium is significantly higher with 76 % than in the German language area; that the number of vaccinations administered in the German language area hardly increases; that 33 % of the population in the German language area is still not vaccinated and the Coronavirus (COVID-19) can increase; that non-vaccinated people run the risk of getting a serious course of the disease; 2021, currently 4 people in the hospitals in the German language area, 2 of which are in the intensive care department; that the places in intensive care in these hospitals in the German language area are often full; that one of the two hospitals in the German Language Area Conduct has intensive care; that patients must therefore be transferred to other hospitals; That the actual number of intensive care patients from the German language area is therefore higher; this evaluation is predominated that the epidemiological situation in the German language area justifies the use of the Covid Safe Ticket in certain sectors for the distribution of the Coronavirus (COVID-19) and the consequences to limit this; Whereas since the outbreak of the COVID-19 Pandemie, infection clusters have often been observed in sports and fitness clubs, as a result of close contact between people, frequent movements in the same room and increased aerosol and drop formation in physical exertion; that this is the case in particular at sports competitions where many spectators can be present; Whereas the COVID-19-Health crisis has economic consequences, which means that access to social and cultural events will remain possible; the population benefits; whereas social life also takes place in the facilities belonging to the cultural sector, recreation sector, party sector and sports sector. the special with the distribution of the coronavirus (COVID-19); predominantly the importance of the sectors involved from a social and economic point of view requires measures that combine the opening of these sectors with the prevention of the health risk certificate associated with the over-arrested ting of hospital beds by patients with infection with Hetcoronavirus (COVID-19); whereas for these reasons it is advisable to take preventive measures to the extent that is strictly necessary to protect health and prevent overloading of the health care; In contamination is greatest at mass events, sports competitions and all activities and events in the facilities from the recreation sector, party sectors culture sector with 50 or more people inside or with 100 or more people outside; that this also applies to Christmas markets and carnival activities; that it is therefore advisable to make the use of the COVID Safeticket compulsory to minimize the risk of infection and at the same time to have such events take place or to keep such provisions open; on the nomination of the Minister of Health; after deliberation, decision: article 1. -in Article 37, first paragraph, of the Decree of the government of 21 January 2021 establishing measures to prevent the distribution of the coronavirus (COVID-19), inserted by the decision of 29 October 2021, the following changes are made: 1 ° the provision Under 1 ° the words ", including Christmas markets, carnival activities or sports competitions do not take place in sports centers as stated in 3 °"; 2 ° in the determination under 3 ° "200 visitors" are replaced by the words "100 visitors" ; 3 ° the provision under 4 ° is replaced as follows: "4 ° Facilities that belong to the culture sector, party sector and recreation sector;" 4 ° the provision under 5 ° is lifted. 2. - This decision comes into effect the day on which it is adopted.art. 3. - The minister is responsible for health charged with the implementation of this decision.eupen, November 25, 2021. For the government of the German -speaking community, Deminister President, Minister of local authorities and finance, o. Paaschdiceminister President, Minister of Health and Social Affairs, Spatial Regulation and Housing, a. AntoniadisPublication: 2022-01-12Numac: 2021206128federal Public Service Employment, Labor and Social Consultation23 December 2021.-Law containing temporary support measures as a result of the COVID-19-Pandemy Silip, King of the Belgians, to all who are now and will be after this, our greeting . The Chamber of Representatives has assumed and we ratify what follows: Chapter 1.- General provision article 1. This Act regulates a matter as referred to in Article 74 of the Constitution Chapter 2. - amendment of the law of 28 March 2021 on a grant on a right to Small relies for employees with a view to receiving a vaccine for protection against the Coronavirus COVID-19, in order to grant the right to small leave for the guidance of a minor child to a vaccination place art. 2. In Article 3 of the Act of 28Maart 2021 granting a right to small leave for employees with a view to receiving a vaccine for protection against the Coronavirus COVID-19, the following changes are made: 1 ° the first paragraph supplemented with the following sentences: "The employee also has this right to guide a minor child who lives with him during the time needed to have this child vaccinated against the Coronavirus COVID-19. When the employee enters the other parent of The child, this right can only be exercised by one of the same period for the same period. The employee also has the right to guide an adult person with a disability under custody, regardless of whether it is his own child or someone about whom he was legal guardianship exerted, during the time it is needed to have that person vaccinated against the Covid-19 corona virus. However, that right can be onion are exercised by one of the parents or by one of the guardians. The employee also has the right to guide an adult person with a handicap or under custody, regardless of whether it is his own child or who he exercises the legal guardianship, and during the time needed to the person opposes the covid- 19 coronavirus to be vaccinated. However, that right can only be exercised by one of the parents or by one of the guardians. "; 2 ° in the third paragraph, the words" from the time or time slot of the vaccination are known to him "replaced" by the words "from the moment on which on which on which He has knowledge of the time or time slot of the vaccination for him, for the first paragraph referred to in the first paragraph or for the person with a disability or about whom the custody is given as intended in the first paragraph, or for the person with a disability or about Whoever has custody as intended in the first paragraph. "; 3 ° In the fourth paragraph, the words", the child or the person with a disability in the first member or the custody of the custody as referred to in the first member or the person with a limitation or about whom the custody has as referred to in the first paragraph "inserted between the words" when the employee "and the words" must be present ". Art.3. In Article 4 of the same law the words" 31 Decem Ber 2021 "Replaced by the words" 30 June 2022 "and the words" 30 June 2022 "replaced by the words" December 31, 2022 ". Chapter 3. - specific measures for the sector of the service checks art. 4. § 1. Without prejudice to the obligations of prevention, safety and protection at work, employers who employ employees provide for an employment contract for service checks as referred to in Chapter II of the law of 20 July 2001 to Promotion of neighborhood services and jobs, at least of their employees of the following Materials: 1 ° either, per week, disposable masks whose number is at least equal to the number of workplaces where the employee is employed for one day, increased by the number of extra disposable mouth masksper performance of more than 4 hours at the same workplace; either a set of reusable mouth masks, the number of which is at least equal to the number of workshops where the employee works per week, increase the number of extra reusable mouth masks per performance of more than 4 hours in the same workshop. Reusable mouth masks are renewed at least every 15 weeks Or, at the request of the employee, in the event of wear or deterioration; 2 ° disinfecting gel or a similar product. §2If the employee determines that he cannot start the work in safe circumstances or continue that the prevention measures referred to in Article 2, § 2, of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October2020 containing urgent measures to limit the distribution of the COVID-13 coronavi-13 are not applied, He immediately informs his employer of this and has the right to suspend his performance as long as the situation persists. If the situation cannot be resolved in the short term, the employee has, with the agreement of his employer, the right to leave the workplace. In any case, the employee has the right to leave the workplace if the situation lasts longer than the performance time for the performance time. Art. 5. In Article 238, first paragraph, of the Social Criminal Code, the first sentence is supplemented with the following words: "Or Article 2/1 of the law of ... containing temporary support measures as a result of the COVID-19 Pandemie. Art. 6. This chapter comes into effect the day on which this law is known in the Belgian Official Gazette on January 31, 2022. The King may be the date of elaboration delayed by a decision established after consultation in the Council of Ministers. Chapter 2 Art. 7. The Chapter 2 of this Act comes into effect the day on which this Act is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. Chapter 5. - Temporary unemployment force majeure Corona for employees in cases where it is impossible for their child to go to the daycare, the school, or the center for reception for persons with disabilities to go art. 8. The employee has the right to be absent from the work without wage retention: 1 ° when a minor child who lives with him or cannot go to his daycare, either not go to school, because the daycare center, the class or school of which the part is part is concluded as a result of a measure to spread the Coronavirus Covid- 19 to limit, or because the Minderden Kind is obliged to follow distance education or because the child has to quarantine or insulation for another reason to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19; 2 ° when he has a disabled child, regardless of the age of that child, and that child cannot go a center for care of disabled persons, or the intramural or extramural service or treatment organized or recognized by the communities can no longer enjoy, as a result of a measure to spread the Coronavirus Covid- 19 to limit. The employee has this right during the entire period at which the certificate or the A an addition to the fourth member relationship. When the employee lives together with the other parent of the child, this right can only be exercised by one of them for the same period. The employee who uses this right must immediately inform his employer thereof . The employee needs a medical certificate to confirm the Quarantine or insulation of Hetkind, a recommendation for quarantine or insulation issued to the employer by the competent authority or a certificate of the daycare center, the school or the center for reception of disabled persons, that The closure confirms from the institution or class concerned as a result of a measure to limit the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19. This certificate states the period in which the closure is made. The employee has, for the period in which he uses the right that this article granted by this article, charged to temporary unemployment due to force majeure that is the result of the COVID-19 epidemic and the associated daily allowance at the expense of Derva, insofar as he meets all admissibility and reimbursability conditions that are set for this in the unemployment regulations. Art. 9. This chapter has an elaboration of the Meeting Intake of October 1, 2021 and will be out of operation on 31 March 2022. The King can postpone the date of the outside operation. Define this law, orders that they will be covered with the country's stamp and will be taken by the Belgian Official Gazette announced in Brussels, December 23, 2021.filip of Koningsweight: The Minister of Work, P.-Y. Dermagne with the country seal sealed: the Minister of Justice, v. Van Quickenborne________notakamer of representatives (www.dekamer.be): documents: Doc 55 2342/ (2021/2022) 001: Bill 002 to 004: Amendments005: report006: Text adopted by the Social Affairs, Work and Pensions.007: Text Accepted plenary meetings to the King for ratification. Integrated report: December 22, 2021.Publication: 2022-01-12Numac: 2022020006waalse Government Service22 December 2021.-Decree has adopted various provisions for a fairer tax (1) Hetwaal's parliament and we, Walloon Government, ratify what follows: Chapter1. - Changes in the Code of Inheritance Right article 1. Article 4 of the Dersuccial rights Code, amended by the Decree of 19 July 2018, is supplemented with a 4а reading: "4а all donations among the living goods made by the testator immediately suspended period occurs as a result of the death of the donor. " Art.2. In Article 7, first paragraph, of the same Code, the word "three" is replaced by the word "five" .Art.3. In Article 8 of the same Code, replaced by Royal Decree No. 12 of 18 April 1967 and amended by the laws of December 30, 1988 and December 22, 1989, the following changes are made: 1аin the second paragraph:- The word "three" is replaced By the word "five"; dewords "or that he was called free of charge after this death" are canceled; 2аt between the second and third paragraph, two members are inserted, reading as follows: "If Deerflater had concluded a contract on ground of which a benefit can only be made after the death of the testator, the sums, interest or values ​​are deemed to be obtained free of charge and obtained as legate, depending on: 1а by the person who surrendered the life insurance contract after death of the testator, on the time of the surrender; 2а by De Persondie effectively acquires the sums, interest or values ​​after the deceased's death, at the time there is a benefit. and the deceased was married under a system of community, the provisions of the first, the second and third paragraph also apply to the Sums, Renten or Values ​​free of charge to the surviving spouse as a result of a life insurance contract or a contract with an interest of interest by that survivor Husband is closed. " † 3аhet fifth paragraph, paragraph 7, is supplemented with the words "This proof to the contrary cannot be supplied by demonstrating that the contract was donated to this person."; 4ip between paragraphs 5 and 6, paragraphs 7 and 8, a member is inserted, reading as follows: "In the case of a single -life insurance contract, the taxable basis of the sums, interest or values ​​that can be able to do the beneficiary of the clause will be reduced by the amount that as a taxable basis served for the gift rights if the contract has been the object of a donation by the testator to this person. " Art. 4. Article 37 of the same Code, amended by the Konzinklijke Decree No. 12 of 18 April 1967 and at the decrees of 3 June 2011 and 26 April 2018, is filled with a 9а, reading as follows: "9а when, depending on the case , the contract intention in Article 8 (3), it is bought out whether a deposit has been made under the contract. ". Art. 5. Article 38 of the same Code, last amended by the Decree of 26 July 2018, is supplemented by a paragraph 10, reading as follows: "10а in case stipulated in Article37, 9а, depending on the case, by the person who The contract lends on or by the person who receives the contract carried out. ". Art. 6. Article 40 of the same Code, last amended by the Decree of 26 July 2018, is supplemented with a member, reading as follows: "The occurrence of events such as stipulated in Article 37, 9а, the period runs, as long as the case, to be calculated from the day of surrender or on the day on which a deposit was made under the contract. ". Art. 7. In Article 108, second paragraph, of the same Code, amended by the law of 7 February2021, the word "three" is replaced by the word "five". Chapter 2.- Changes in the Code of Registration, Mortgage and Registrar Carts . 8. In Article 131bis, §1, of the Code of Registration, Mortgage and Registrations, inserted by the Decree of 15 December2005 and last amended by the Decree of 19 July 2018, the second paragraph will be replaced by what follows: "This right However, is not applicable: 1а on the donations under the living goods of movable property under a condition suspended that is met pursuant to the death of the donor, and which are perceived under Article 4, 3а, of the Code of Inheritance Taxes as legacies for the levying of the law of Succession; 2а on the donations under the living goods of movable property with a suspensive period that occurs pursuant to the death of Degenker, and which under Article 4, 4, of the Code of Inheritance Taxes are considered legacies for the levying of the right of succession. " . Chapter 3. - Changes in the Code Vande with income taxes equivalent tax9. In Article 4 of the Code of the taxes equipped with income taxes, replaced by the law of 8 August 1980 and amended by the Decree of December 15, 2005, paragraphs 2 and 3 are replaced by what follows: "In abduction of § 1, for The application of Title II, under the Motor Vehicle intended for the transport of goods for which the maximum permitted mass 3 500 kilograms does not exceed, also mentioned ћ Light truck л, insofar as it is registered either in the name of a natural person referred to in Article I.1 , paragraph 1, 1а, a), of the Code of Economic Law and registered in accordance with article III.17 of the same Code, or in the name of a legal person, conceived each car and built for transport of goods whose maximum permitted mass 3 500 kg does not exceeds: 1аbeston from a completely made of a single cabin that contain a maximum of two place magazine, which does not include the driver , and an open loading tray; 2а existing completely apart from the cargo space closed double cabin that may contain at most six places, the driver does not include the driver, and an open loading box; 3а simultaneously consisting of a passenger room dated, that of that of the driver not included and one of which sealed loading space whose distance, between each tip of the partition wall behind the seats and the inside of the rear of the cargo space, measured in the longitudinal direction of the vehicle, at a height of 20 cm above the floor, always at least 50 % must be of the length of the wheelbase. This loading space so also over its entire surface consists of one of the bodywork part, fixed or thoroughly confirmed, horizontal loading floor without anchoring places for additional benches, seat or safety belts; 4а simultaneously consisting of a passenger room that may not include a maximum of the driver, that of the driver not included and one of them fully sealed cargo space, between each tip of the partition wall behind the last row of seats and the inside of the rear of the cargo space, measured in the alongside direction of the vehicle, at a height of 20 cm above the floor, at least 50 % must be of the length of the wheelbase. This loading room also also consists of one of the bodywork part of its entire surface area, fixed or thoroughly confirmed, horizontal loading floor without anchoring places for additional benches, seat or safety belts. § 3. The vehicle mentioned as a light truck in the regulations, referred to in § 1 above, is considered, in the sense of this Title II, and depending on its construction, as a passenger car, car for double use or minibus when: 1а or it is not answered to щщN of the vehicles listed in § 2; 2а or it is not used, even partially, or for the exercise of the professional activity of the natural person in § 2, or for the realization of the purpose, of at least щщn of the goals, or at least of the assignments of the legal person referred to in § 2. лArt. 10. In Article5, § 1, paragraph 1, of the same Code, replaced by the law of 25 January 1999 and last amended by the Decree of 28 November 2013, 9а is canceled. 11. In Article 8 (1) of the same Code, replaced by the law of 25 January 1999, the word "Paardpacht" is replaced by the words "tax horsepower" .Art. 12. In Article 9 of the same Code, replaced by the law of 25 January 1999 and last amended by the Decree of 21 December 2016, the following changes are made: 1а in the French version are, respectively, the words "Cheval-Vapeur" and "respectively" and " Chevaux-Vapeur "Replaced by, respectively, the words" Cheval-Vapeur Fiscal "and" Chevaux-Vapeurfiscal "; 2а The word" Paardekracht "is replaced every time by the words" tax horsepower ".Art.13. In Article 10 of the same Code, replaced by the law of December 28, 1990 and last amended by the decree of December 21, 2016, the following changes are made: 1а in paragraph1, paragraph 1, 1а is replaced as follows: 1а for the passenger cars, the Double use cars, the minibuses and the motorcycles that have been brought into traffic during the emergence of the tax debt and that have been registered under щщn of the registration plates referred to in Article 4, § 2, of the Ministerial Decree of 23 July 2001 on The registration instructions; 2а It is supplemented with a paragraph 3, reading as follows: "§3Contrary to Article 9, the tax is fixed at 100 euros for the car vehicle used by a Belgian resident and registered abroad, only if the documents that tones that the vehicle is effectively intended in this section cannot be shown immediately when checking the collection of the traffic tax carried out in accordance with Article 11bis, § 4, paragraph1, of the Decree of 6 May 1999 on the establishment, the collection and disputes regarding Waalsegewestelijke taxes, but the board are provided within ten days after this check, following: 1а The vehicle is put for rent in the name of the Belgian resident a foreign professional service provider for a maximum non-extended duration of six months; 2аhet vehicle is made available to the Belgian resident by his employer established abroad or a foreign client with whom he person is connected by a employment contract or order, and is used in the exercise of his profession and incidental as a private person; 3аhet vehicle is usually governed by an official who is staying in Belgium and who works for an international institution located in another Member State of the European Union; 4а the vehicle is made available to a natural person who stays in Belgium during a maximum of thirty days per calendar year; 5а the vehicle, registered in another Member State in the name of the natural person who uses it exceptionally in Belgium during maximum thirty calendar days per year, and that is mainly intended to be used in the aforementioned Member State; 6а the vehicle of the owner as a temporary absent person is considered in the meaning of Article 18, §3, first paragraph, 4а, 5а, 7а and 8а of the Royal Decree of 16 July 1992 on the population registers the aliens register and where the latter does not Anger then six months without interruption Insbelgiы will be parked. The tax, established in accordance with the first paragraph, is due at any check that gives rise to a late transfer of intended documents. Art. 14. In Article 12, § 1, of the same Code, a second paragraph is added, reading as follows: "The tax tax does not apply to the vehicles subject to a fixed tax of 100 euro -consecutive Article 10, § 3.". Art. 15. Article 79 of the same Code is amended as follows: 1а in paragraph 2, members 2 and 3 are canceled; 2а paragraph 3 is replaced: ћ § 3. With a view to the ranking described in paragraph 2, the MAK is a model for a device as referred to in Article 76, before it is installed, sold or rented out on the territory of the Waalsegewest, at the The Government designated by the Government are indicated by the importer, the manufacturer or anyone who is directly or indirectly acting as such. If no such declaration is made, the device will be ex officio ranked incategories A. 3а A section 3/1 is inserted, reading as follows: "§3/1. The service referred to in paragraph 3 arranges the device in щщn of the categoryыn as intended in -terms and informs the declarant about it."; 4а In paragraph 4, the words "the declaration model" are inserted between the word "determines" and the words "the modalities" .Art. 16. In the Franseversie of Article 97 of the same Code, inserted by the law of 1 June 1992 and amended by Hetdecreet of 12 December 2014, the words "Chevaux Fiscaux" are replaced each with the words "Chevaux-Vapeur Fiscaux" .Art. 17. In Article 97quinquies, second paragraph, of the same Code, inserted by the Decree of 19 September 2013 and last amended by the Decree of 6 May 2019, the following changes are made: 1а In the first line, the words "Endie are registered are registered under щщn of the license plates referred to in Article 4, § 2, of the Ministerial Decree of 23 July 2001 on the registration of vehicles "lifted; 2а It is declared a third line, reading as follows:" - for the car vehicles subject to a fixed traffic tax of 100 euros in accordance with Article 10, § 3. ". Art.18. In Article 98 of the same Code, replaced by the law of 1 June 1992 and last amended by the Decree of 6 May 2019, the following changes are made: 1а in the French version, in paragraph 1, A., paragraph 2, the words become " Chevaux Fiscaux "replaced by the words" Chevaux-Vapeurfiscaux "; 2а In paragraph 1, A. is supplemented by a member reading as follows:" In abduction of the table referred to in paragraph 1, the amount of the tax is equal to 0 euros for the car vehicles to a flat -rate traffic tax of 100 euros in accordance with Article 10, § 3"Chapter 4. - Changes in the Decree of 6 May 1999 concerning the establishment, the recovery of disputes regarding the direct regional tax art. 19. In Article 1 of the Decree of 6 May 1999 on the establishment, the recovery and the disputes regarding the Walloon regional taxes , replaced by the decree of December 21, 2016, the following changes will be made: 1аin The first paragraph The word "fines" is always replaced by the words "tax fines"; 2аhet article is supplemented with a member, reading as follows: "Below Fiscal fine is understood, regardless of whether it is fixed or proportional, as well as any tax increase or allowance. ". Art. 20. In Article 11 of the same decree, replaced by the Decree of 19 September 2013 and amended by the Decree of 13 December 2017, the following changes will be made: 1аin paragraph 2, third paragraph, will be the words "of the operational directorate-general taxation of the WAA LSE Public Service "replaced by the words" of the Walloon government service tax "; 2аin section 4, the words" administrative fines and increases "are always replaced by the words" tax fines ".Art. 21. In Article 11bis of the same decree, inserted by the Decree of 22 March 2007, replaced by the Decree of 19 September 2013 and last amended by the Decree of December 17, 2015, the following changes are made: 1а in paragraph 3, first -line, the word "fine" replaced by the words "tax fine"; 2а in paragraph 4, first paragraph, the words "administrative fine" are replaced by the words "tax fine" .3аin paragraph 4, sixth paragraph, is the word "fine" replaced by the words "tax fine" .Art.22. In Article 11ter of the same decree, inserted by the Decree of 22 March 2007 and replaced by the Decree of 19 September 2013, the word "five" is replaced by the word "ten" .Art.23. In Article 11quater of the same decree, inserted by the decree of 28 November 2013, the following changes are made: 1а The words "of the operational directorate-general-generality of the Walloon public service" are replaced by the words "of the Walloon government service taxation"; 2а the Article is supplemented by a member, reading as follows: "The Inlid 1 is the obligation referred to is canceled when information is communicated in the context of one -reporting system that is specifically established by decree or by the government's decision." .Art.24. In Article 12bis of the same decree, inserted by the Decree of 10 December 2019, replaced by the Decree of 19 September 2013 and last amended by the Decree of 21 December 2016, the words "Administrative fine" are replaced by the words "tax fine". Art. 25. In the same decree, an Article 12quinquies is inserted, reading as follows: "Art. 12quinquies. The administration cannot oppose a legal act or a whole of legal acts and establish the same legal act if the administration on the basis of suspicion or others prove in accordance with Articles 12 to 12 Ter and in the light of objective circumstances that there is tax abuse. There is a tax abuse when a legislative person is subject to the legislative act or all of the legal acts performed by him of the following acts Performed: 1а or a transaction whereby it in fighting with the objectives of a provision regarding fees and taxes referred to in Article 1 or of the implementing decisions thereof that fall outside the scope of that provision; 2аetzij an operation in which he relies on a tax benefit in which there is provide a provisional fees and taxes referred to in Article 1 or in its implementing decisions, of which the proof of which would be contrary to the objectives of that provision, and which is essentially aimed at getting that advantage. It is to prove the taxpayer that the choice this legal act or this whole of legal acts is justified for other reasons of the will to miss taxes, rights or levies within the meaning of this decree. If the opposite person does not prove the opposite, the measure of levying and the calculation of Debelasting or the right will be Refreses the action to be the object of a tax -on -the purpose of the law, as if the abuse had not taken place. ". Art. 26. In article 18 of the same decree, replaced by the Decree of 12 December 2014 and amended by the Decree of 28 November 2013, the word "fines" will be replaced by the words "tax fines" .Art.27. In Article 20, third paragraph, of the same decree, the word "two" is replaced by the word "seven" .Art. 28In Article 20bis of the same decree, inserted by the Decree of 10 December2009 and amended by the Decree of 2 July 2020, the following changes are made: 1аpunt 1а is replaced as follows: "1а a legal claim shows that the taxpayable beds -cooled in this decree the provisions of this decree or the legislation established the tax concerned has violated for one of the ten years that precedes the year in which the legal procedure was established; in this case the tax or the additional tax must be established twenty -four months from the date on which more resistance or provision can be submitted against the decision of the aforementioned legal claim; "; 2а point 2а is replaced as follows:" 2а license -powerful data for which the service is noted by the Walloon Government, the taxpayer referred to in this decree is the provisions of this Decree or the legislation that was charged ING Bestigtt has broken for one of the ten years prior to the year where these elements have been borne in the aforementioned designated service; In that case, the tax or the levy will be determined within twenty -four months after the date on which these elements have been informed of this designated service. ".Art. 29. Article 27 of the same decree, replaced by the Decree of December 17, 2020, will be replaced as follows:" Art. 27. § 1. "§2. In addition to if an admissible objection has been submitted in advance and the application for exemption is upheld on the same elements and reasons as an objection, the official who has been demonstrated by the government grants the exemption from the levies whose sum higher is then the legally due, and is then entertained under Article 17bis, § 1, and resulting from an incorrect application of dewensive provisions regarding the amount of the amount of the fee due, such as the factual mistakes, double taxes, the lack of exemptions of an exemption or reduction of the amount of the levy, the population of new evidence or facts, the late consultation or notification of which the taxpayer or by the person whose goods are used for the collection of the levy in accordance with Article 35 is justified for legitimate reasons, provided that those bite taxes have been determined by the administration or by the person or by the person whose tax is levied in accordance with Article 35, to the administration line, either: 1а within three years, calculating from January 1 of the year where tax is established, in the case of the Ten Kohiere made , with the exception of the property tax, for which that period is brought to five years; 2а within three years, counting from January 1 of the tax year of the tax for which the exemption is requested, in the event of the taxes that are not included in a kohier. Deviation from the first paragraph, the official designated by the government will know for With regard to the exemptions of the immovable contributions without prejudice to the provisions regarding formal requirements and procedures, the exemption of the taxes for a sum higher than the legally due sum, accompanying in accordance with the 17bis, § 1, resulting from the non -taking of these Exemptions of the immovable withholding tax, only if they are the result of material errors, double levies or if they pop up in the light of evidence -powerful new documents or facts that the taxpayer has only been able to submit or supplied reveal reasons. § 2. The official designated by Deregering officially grants an exemption exemption from the overpaid tax, as stipulated after a procedure for mutual consultation in application of an international contract of double taxation or after a dispute resolution procedure referred to in Articles 3.4, 6, 10 or 15 of the Decree of 2 July 2020 converting the Directive (EU) 2017/1852 of the Council of 10 October 2017 on mechanisms to settle tax disputes in the European Union, provided that this surplus of taxes has been registered or by by the administration or by The taxpayer is reported within twelve months after the date on which the procedure was completed. ".Art. 30. In article 32 of the same decree, amended by the Decree of 10 December 2009, the word" fines "is replaced by the words" tax fines ".Art. 31. In Article 34 of the same decree, amended by the decree From December 13, 2017, the word "fine" will be replaced by the words "tax fine" .Art.32. In Article 35, § 1, first paragraph, of the same decree, replaced by the Decree of 17 December2020, the word is " fine "replaced by the words" tax fine ".Art. 33In Article48, first paragraph, of the same decree, replaced by the decree of 10 December 2009, the words "administrative fines" are replaced by the words "tax fines" .Art. 34. In Article 52bis, first paragraph, of the same decree, inserted by the Decree of 17 December 2008 and replaced by the decree of December 13, 2017, the word "fines" will always be replaced by the words "tax fines" .Art.35. In Article 52ter, first paragraph, of the same decree, inserted by the Decree of 21 December 2016, the word "fines" is replaced by the words "tax fines" .Art. 36. In Article 53 of the same decree, replaced by the Decree of 10 December 2009 and last amended by the Decree of December 17, 2020, the following changes are made: 1а The word "fine" is always replaced by the words "tax fine"; 2а In the third paragraph, the word "fines" is replaced by the words "tax fines" .Art. 37. In Article 57, § 2, of the same decree, replaced by the decree of 30 April 2009 and amended by the Decree of December 13, 2017, the word "fines" is always replaced by the words "tax fines" .Art. 38. In Article 58 of the same decree, replaced by the Decree of 13 December 2017, the following changes will be made: 1а The words "fines and increases" are always replaced by the words "tax fines"; 2а in the third paragraph of the French version are the words ", l'Amende ou La Majoration" replaced by the words "ou l'Amende fiscale" .Art. 39. In Article60bis, § 2, of the same decree, inserted by the Decree of 10 December 2009, the words "administrative fines" are replaced by the words "tax fines" .Art. 40. In Article62bis, of the same decree, inserted by the Decree of 10 December 2009, the words "administration fines" are always replaced by the words "tax fines" .Art. 41. In Article 62quinquies, of the same decree, inserted in the 2009 Decree, the words "administration fines" are always replaced by the words "tax fines" .Art. 42. In Article 62sexies, of the same decree, inserted by the Decree of 10 December 2009, the words "administration fines" are always replaced by the words "tax fines" .Art. 43. In Article 63 of the Sight Decree, replaced by the Decree of 22 March 2007 and last amended by the Decree of 1 October 2020, the following changes are made: 1а section 1 is replaced as follows: "§ 1. For each violation of this decree Or of another legislation on which this decree is valid, with the exception of violations that are due to circumstances on which the taxpayer has an influence and that are properly motivated, a tax fine between 50 and 2,000 euros, or between 25 and 100 percent is of the amount of the tax applies. If the violation of the violation is done with a deceptive intent or with the eye, a fiscal fine of 5 00 and 5,000 and from 100 to 250 percent of the tax applies. Deregal establishes the tax penalty scales referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2 and stipulates that the fiscal fine referred to in paragraph 1 is only canceled for the E the most violation that is committed by the taxpayer good loyalty"; 2а in paragraph 2, 1а, the words" this fine is "are replaced by the words" this tax fine becomes "; 3а In paragraph 2, the points 2аtot 5а is replaced as follows:" 2а for the tax on the Games and Betting and the tax on automatic relaxation devices, as referred to in the Code of the taxes with the income tax, the taxpayer owes a tax fine for each violation of the rules referred to in Article 11bis, §§ 1 and 2, of an amount equal to 1 250 euro for the first violation and 2 500 euros for the second violation, and for the following violations, committed to the expiry of the year following that in which the second violation has been determined3а For the tax on the Games and bets determined in the Code of the income tax Taxes, with the exception of the violations of Articles 10 to 11ter, are determined to the violations of the rules in this decree or in the Code of the taxes referred to with the income taxes referred to in Articles 68 and 68bis of the Code of the taxes equated to the income taxes; 4а for tax on the automatic relaxation devices determined for the Code of the income tax equivalent Taxes, with the exception of the violations of Articles 10 to 11ter, are determined by the offenses of the rules in this decree or in the Code of the taxes referred to with the income taxes referred to in Articles 89 and 89bis of the Code of the Code of the Taxes with the income taxes; 5а for the traffic taxable for the Code of the taxes equivalent to the income taxes, the taxpayer is a fiscal fine of which the amount is equal to three times the amount of the discriminated tax if the tenth of the original tax exceeds in the event of a non-declaration or inadequate declaration. "; 4а In paragraph 3, the word" fiscal "is inserted between the word" this "and the word" fines ".Art. 44. In Article 64 of the same decree, the following changes will be made at the Decree of 13 November 2017 : 1а in paragraph 1 becoming words "or increases of taxes" lifted; 2а in paragraph 2, first paragraph, words "fines or increases of taxes" are replaced by the words "tax fines" .Art.45. in Article 64septies , § 2, first paragraph, of the same decree, inserted by the Decree of 19 September 2013 and last amended by the Decree of 1 October 2020, the words "of the operational directorate-general taxation of the Walloon government service" are replaced by the words "of" of The Walloon government service finance ". Chapter 5. - Special provisions that are inherent to the establishment of the Walloon government service Financiыnart. 46. The following changes were made to the Code of Success Rights : 1а In Article 55bis, the words "The Operation Rectorate-General Agriculture, Natural Resources and Environment of the Walloon Public Service" every other replacement by the words "The Walloon public service agriculture, natural resources and environment"; 2аin Article 55quater are the words "the operational directorate -General Taxation of the Walloon Purple Service "always replaced by the words" The Walloon government service finance ".Art.47. The following changes are made in the Code of Registration, Mortgage and Cortians: 1аin Articles 53ter and 57bis, the words "The Operational Directorate-General for Taxation of the Walloon Public Service" are always replaced by the words "The Walloon Public Service Finiыn"; 2аin Article 131quinquies of the same code are the words "the operational directorate-general agriculture, natural resources and environment of the Walloon government service" each time replaced by the words "the Walloon government service agriculture, natural resources and environment" .Art.48. The following changes are made in the Code of Income Taxes: 1а In Articles 5, 42bis and 80, the words "The Operational Directorate General of the Walloon Government Service" are always replaced by the words "The Walloon Public Service Financiыn"; 2а in Article 97ter are the words "The Operational Directorate General Taxation of the Walloon Public Service (abbreviated DGO7)" "" replaced by the words "The Walloon Public Service Financiыn" .Art. 49In Article 4 of the Decree of 19 November 1998 the introduction of one-tax on the vending machines in the Walloon Region, the words "the operational directorate general-general of the Walloon government service" are replaced by the words "the Walloon government service finance" .Art.50. In Article Book II of the Environmental Tet Book, which entails the Water Code, the following amendments are made: 1а In Article D.2, the words "of the Department of Collection of the Operation Department General Tax of the Walloon Public Service" are replaced by the words "of" Department Inning and Collection The Walloon Government Service Finiыn "; 2а in the article.282 and D.283 of the same Code, the words" The Operational Directorate-General for Taxity of the Walloon Public Service "are always replaced by the words" The Walloon Public Service Finiыn ".Art .51. Until December 31, 2023, in any electronic notification from or to the Walloon public service finance finance, the mention "Walloon government service tax" or "operational directorate-generality of the Walloon government service" may be used instead of "Walloon government service finance for" .voorde application Of paragraph 1, notification is understood to mean the transmission of a document, a form, a declaration, a role, a decision, a compulsive measure or any other correspondence of Wateraard. 52. Articles 9, 13.1а, and 17, 1а, only apply to vehicles that are registered from January 1, 2022. Definition of paragraph 1 are Articles 9, 13, 1а, and 17, 1а, not applicable on vehicles that have been definitively acquired on January 2022, but are delivered and registered from that date.art.53. Article 25 applies to legal acts or benefits of legal acts for the implementation of a single act performed on or after January 1, 2022. Under a whole of legal acts from which the legal act results from the date of entry into force of Article 25, a whole of Legal acts meaning that the legal act resulting from which the first -aid act has been carried out from that date of entry into force.Art. 54. In the event of tax abuse in connection with the tax referred to in Section 2 of Chapter I of Title VI of the Income Tax Code 1992, Article 344, paragraph 1, of the same Code of the same Code remains applicable to the whole of legal acts from which at least of which The first legal actor performs Vѓѓr January 1, 2022 and at least the last legal act was performed from January 1 ,2022.Art. 55. This decree comes into effect on January 1, 2022. Article 2 is applicable to donations that will be made from 1 January 2022. Article 29 has elaborated on January 1 ,2021. Namur, December 22, 2021.de Prime Minister, e. Di Rupode Vice-Minister Presidents Minister of Economy, Foreign Trade, Research, Innovation, Digital Technologyыn, Spatial Planning, Agriculture, the "Ifapme", and the Skills Centers, W. Borsusdevice Minister President and Minister of Climate, Energy and Mobility, Ph. Henrydevice Minister President and Minister of Work, Training, Health, Social Action, Equal Opportunities Women's Rights, Ch. MORREATEDEDE Minister of Budgeting and Financiыn, Airports sports infrastructures, J.-L. Cruckede Minister of Housing, the local authorities and urban policy, Ch. Collignonde Minister of Civil Service, Computer Science, Administrative Simplification, charged with child benefit, tourism, heritage and road safety, V.de Buede Minister of Environment, Nature, Forests, National Affairs and Animal Welfare, C. Tellier ______ Nota (1) Seat 2021-2022.pieces of The Waalsparlit, 707 (2021-2022) NRS. 1 to 5.vomed report, public session of 22 December2021 discussion. Voting.Publication: 2022-01-27NUMAC: 2022020113Federal Public Service Financial Administration of Taxation. - Income taxes. - Message to determine the model certificate no. 281.86 that permits to provide the required evidence regarding the Tax Refund of the Previous Poppas in accordance with Articles 14535, second paragraph, 4 ° and 323/2 of the Code of Income Taxes 1992 (WIB 92) as amended and introduced by respectively by The program law of 20.12.2020 (Belgian Official Gazette, 30.12.2020, ed. 1) and Article 6318/8, from the Royal Decree to implement the WIB 92 (KB/WIB 92), as amended by the Royal Decree of 23.12.2021Ter implementation of Articles 14535, second paragraph, 4 °, and 323/2, § 3 of the Income Taxes 1992 and determining the data to be communicated by the authorities referred to in the article 14535, second paragraph, 3 °, of the same Code ( Belgian State magazine of 31.12.2021, ed. 1). Model certificate for the editions for childcare that were made from January 1, 2021i. Introduction to childcare can, if a number of conditions are met, entitled to a tax reduction of 45% of the actually paid expenditure, limited to a maximum amount per babysitter day and per child (1) (1) this tax reduction provides for in art. 14535, WIB 92. Single parents who follow certain conditions can receive an additional tax reduction. More information about this can be found in the FAQ published on the website https://financien.belgium.be/nl/particulieren.Thetmodeltest 281.86, as determined by this message, is mandatory for the spending on Kindaktenpasdie from 1 January 2021 (except for reception authorities located abroad in Deuropian Economic Area - EEA) (2). However, a tolerance is foreseen for the reception activity being organized before the publication of the new model certificate, that is, before the publication Vandit message (see below). (2) In accordance with Articles 8, 4 ° and 12, Program Act of 20.12.2020 (Belgian Official Gazette of 30.12.2020, ed. 1). For the expenditure for childcare that were made from 1 January 2021, the organizations active in the childcare sector, except for the exception, will also provide the data that they have listed on the paper certificates they deliver to the FPS Finance (3 ). However, a tolerance is foreseen for the reception activity that are organized before the publication of the new model certificate, that is, before the publication Vandit Message (see below). (3) in accordance with Articles 10 and 12, Program Act of 20.12.2020 (Belgian Official Gazette of 30.12 .2020, ed. 1). The model certificate 281.86 is discussed under title III of this message. II. Mandatory model certificate and mandatory electronic shipping of Deg data stated on the certificate) Mandatory model certificate to help the taxpayer the tax reduction to demonstrate that the conditions are being respected, many organizations are currently already providing a certificate according to the model that by the tax administration is currently suggested. Others do not use their own certificate or do not provide a certificate. To be used to come up with a shape and simplification, and to facilitate checking the application of the tax reduction, the model certificate 281.86 is mandatory for the spending for childcare from 1 January 2021. The organizers Children's sitting are therefore required to have a certificate from Teriken in accordance with this model. This means that the tax reduction will only be granted if the taxpayer has a certificate 281.86. This certificate will be an additional condition for granting the tax reduction for the expenditure for childcare from 1 January2021.tolerance for reception activities organized before the publication of this message (4) (4) The administration has published a communication on this tolerance in the form of A message in the Belgian Official Gazette of 19.07.2021. For the reception activities that are organized before the publication of the new model certificate (date of publication of this message) will be accepted that the usual certificate (own model or the old, non -compulsory certificate) will be used further It is therefore not mandatory to use the new model certificate for reception activities organized in 2021. For the reception activities that are organized from the publication of the NieuweModel (date of publication of this message), that new model must be used. Deviation for reception bodies established abroad in the honor taking into account the territorialism principle, the obligation regarding the use of the model certificate 281.86 only applies to the Belgian territory for the authorities based on the authoritiesHowever, the taxpayers who appeal to an EEA -established body will remain obliged to demonstrate with all common means of evidence, with the exception of the oath, that the expenditure meets the legal conditions (amount paid during the taxable era, age of the child, etc. .). b) Electronic shipping to the FPS Finance of the data stated on the certificates for expenditure made from January 1, 2021, the reception authorities will also have to deliver the data they have listed on the certificates they deliver to the FPS Finance via Electronicweg (the practical Modalities are explained below). On Diemanier, the prior interpretation of the personal income tax return can be improved and it is possible to reduce administrative burden for the citizen. The organizations that transfer the data from the certificate electronically have the authorization for the identification number of the National Register of both the debtor From the expenditure for childcare and to collect, process and share it, albeit only with a view to identification in the framework this transfer (5). The use of this number is essential to avoid mistakes with persons with the same name (5) in accordance with Article 323/2, § 4, WIB 92. Article 6318/8, KB/WIB 92 (6) determines in which form and within which term the aforementioned electronic shipment must be done, as well as the data that must be communicated. (6) As inserted by the Konzinklijke Decree of 23.12.2021 for the implementation of Articles 14535, second paragraph, 4 °, and 323/2, § 3 of the Income Tax Code 1992 and determining the data to be communicated by the in the Article 14535, second paragraph, 3 °, of the same code -intended authorities (Belgian Official Gazette of 31.12.2021, etc. 1). Tolerance for reception activities organized before the publication of this message (7) (7) The administration has published on this tolerance and communication in the form of a message in the Belgian Official Gazette of 19.07.2021.voorde reception activities that are organized before the publication of the new model certificate (date of publication of this message) There is no obligation to provide the data electronically to the administration. It is therefore not mandatory to deliver the data for reception activities -organized in 2021 to the administration electronically. For the reception activity, organized from the publication of the new model (date of publication of this message), the obligation to provide the data to the administration electronically applies, but exemption for certain organizations on the variety of size of the Organizations that are active in the childcare sector and the differences DIGER can be in the field of administrative organization and digitization, the obligation to communicate annual data from the certificates by electronic application except when the organization in issue is not about the necessary computerized resources has to bring this transfer of data in accordance with the required regulations. Term for the electronic shipping electronic shipment must be done before 1 March of the year that follows the year of the expenditure. Practical modalities of the electronic submission The submission of the certificate281.86 is made electronically via the Belcotax-on-Web application:- Either input of the data online and shipping via the internet or the production of an XML file offline and shipping via the internet. Moreover, an Excel file is available with which the data of the certificates can be easily coded. There is also a short manual with a few examples of the "Technical Documentation" section of the website of Belcotax-on The ways to gain access to Belcotax-on-Web are explained on the website of the application, under the section 'Hoe access to Bow?'. A validation program is integrated into the web application. There is also a non-integrated offline validation module that can be done are downloaded via the website the application, under the "Technical Documentation" section. The data entered via electronic road can be consulted, changed or deleted via the internet. The procedure for the import of the data via the screen is explained on the website of the application, the section `How to use bow? '. There is also one Brochure `Belcotax-on-Web 'with the technical description of the files. This document can be downloaded from the website of the application, the section `technical documentation 'For the tax certificates of the year 2021 (`Bow Income2021 '), the suspected opening date of the Belcotax-on-Web application will be located around 5 or 6 February 2022.iii. Model certificate for the expenditure for childcare from 1Januari 2021, the certificate 281.86 is mandatory (except for the reception bodies located abroad in the EEA) and the reception authorities must also provide the data on the certificates they deliver, also to the FPS Finance via electronic way. However, a tolerance is foreseen for the reception activity being organized before the publication of the new model certificate, that is, before the publication Vandit Message (see above). The certificate 281.86 was added at the end of this message. It therefore relates to the expenditure for childcare that will be made from January 1, 2021. The most important clarifications with regard to this certificate, as well as information about filling in the certificate. It is possible to draw up different certificates per child, for example because the The reception body prefers to draw up a certificate per type of daycare or because there are four reception periods in box II of the certificate. When the data electronic are sent to the administration, the content of the various certificates will be grouped through the computer system of the administration .1. Year for which the certificate must be set up for childcare, but eligible for the tax reduction for the year in which they were actually paid. As a result, the certificate only the expenditure and the corresponding babysitting days - may state that have actually been paid in the year for the certificate. For example, only the expenditure that actually paid in 2021 can give the right to the tax reduction for the year 2021 (tax year 2022). DEATCHES - and the corresponding babysitting days - that are related to the reception made in 2021, but for which payment only takes place in 2022, on the other hand, the certificate for the year2022 (tax year 2023) must be completed, together with the expenses relating to the year 2022 and that were paid in that year.2. Name of the body or the person who is responsible for the daycare contrary to what was the case with the old model certificate, the full certificate (ie courses I and II) must be filled in by the body or the person who is responsible for the daycare. The data from the body or the person who does childcare must now be stated at the start of the certificate. It is preferable that the authorities or persons who have a CBE number state this on the certificate to facilitate the granting of the tax reduction. 3 In the European Economic Area or the organizing school established in the European Economic Area. Examples of certification agencies are: child enamin / growing up direction, l'Ostice de la Naissance et de l'Enfance (l'One), the government of The German -speaking community, Sport Vlaanderen, L'Adeps, the municipality, the province, the school, ... When Deestantie or the person who is responsible for the care only for part of the year for which the certificate is drawn up, it is licensed, recognized, subsidized , .. the part of the year concerned must be specified. This is, for example, the case for a new daycare center that during the year with its activity is The last part of section I must be stated the data of the "certification agency". It is preferable that the authorities that have a CBE number state this on the certificate to facilitate the granting of the tax reduction. Please note, in the following two cases only section II must be entered: 1) when the daycare is paid directly to the `certification body '. This is usually the case when that body itself organizes the shelter, for example:- a playground organized by the municipality during the holiday organized during the afternoon by a school.2) when it comes to professional children's home care. Course Iide body that does the daycare must fill in VAKII for each child under the age of 14 or for each child with a heavy handicap younger than 21 years for spending childcare. When the child is taken care of by an avoid family that depends on a service, the Expenditure for childcare not paid to the reception family to that service, so that it is that service that must draw up and hand out the certificateInvak II of the certificate must be stated the following information: 1. Several number of the certificate the section The serial number of the certificate is stated. Any serial number is assigned to every certificate that is awarded. The sequence number may consist of numbers, letters and/or words. The aim of this follows to be able to check with the authority that has been given the certificate, or a certificate submitted by a taxpayer corresponds to the data kept by that body. 2. Data from the debtor of the expenditure for childcare (name, first name, identification number of the National Register or, where appropriate, the identification number of the KSZ, address) In this section, the data of the debtor of the expenditure for childcare. The debtor is the person who is normally kept until the payment of the spending for childcare and who pays or bears the expenses. In practice, this will be usually person who registers the child for the daycare. However, the expenditure can sometimes be paid by a third party who acts in the name and to discharge the debtor (in accordance with art. 1236 of the Dutch Civil Code) (8). In that case, even if the payment was made by that third party, the debtor to be stated on the certificate is (8) Circular Aafisc No. 4/2016 (no.ci.rh.331/635.466) of 29.01.2016 . The debtor stated on the certificate will rectify on the tax reduction but only if he charges the child for tax purposes or if he receives the half of the tax benefit for children (tax co-parenting), and if of course other legal Conditions are met (age of the child, nature of the expenses, ...). The attention is therefore established that the debtor stated on the certificate is not automatically entitled to the tax benefit. Examples: 1. A married couple reserves a holiday camp for their son of 13 years and they pay the expenses themselves. The certificate is drawn up in the name of the father or the mother. The parents who have charged the child will be entitled to the tax reduction. The administration will link the certificate from which she has received an electronic copy to their tax return.2. A single mother reserves a camp for her child in the summer holidays passes her data to the reception body. The grandmother makes the payment in name and to discharge her daughter. The reception body sets the certificate in the name of the debtor of the expenditure (the mother). The certificate is therefore drawn up in the name of the mother and the administration will provide the certificate from which it has received an electronic copy to the tax return of the mother. Demo mother who has charged the child is entitled to the tax reduction. 3. The parents are divorced. The mother has charged the child, there is no tax co-parenting. The father reserve a holiday camp and passes its data on to the reception body. The reception body sets the certificate in the name of the debtor (the father). The father does not charge the child. He is not entitled to the tax reduction. The administration will not pair the certificate on the tax return of the mother who has charged the child. She did not borne the expenses (the father did not pay in name and to discharge her). 3. Data from the child (name, first name, identification number of the National Register or, where appropriate, the identification number of the KSZ, date of birth and address) This section must be entered as accurately as possible.4. Period in which the child is collected reception periods - for which the expenditure times have actually been paid for - may be defined by the institution itself. SULD SUPPLY MAYS from 01.01.2021 to 30.06.2021 and from 01.09.2021 to 31.12.2021 (9 ) (9) Since the organization of schools and boarding schools is not based on school years on calendar years, it can be allowed to draw up two certificates per calendar year: one for the period from 1 January to 31 August and another for the period from 1 September to December 31. In the case of reception during the holiday periods, the effective reception periods should preferably be mentioned, for example from July 4 to July 8, etc. (10). (10) for holiday camps and sports campendie for a specific period, it can be permitted that the certificates were awarded per period. When a reception facility organizes different reception activities, a certificate may be drawn up. The data stated on the certificate may have single relationship on the part of the year that the child's 14th anniversary or the child's 14th birthday precedes a heavy disabilityIf there are then four reception periods have to be stated, several certificates must be drawn up for the same child. When the data is sent electronically to the administration, the content of the various certificates will be grouped by the administrative system of the administration. Nomice shelter here can only be filled in the number of babysitting days, for which the expenses of time on the year itself have actually been paid and for which effective childcare has been performed, Regardless of the duration of the daycare per day. In the event that a child does not participate in a certain reception activity but an amount was still paid, the days on which the child was absent should not be referred to on the certificate. If the parents have already paid the participation of a child in advance (eg Sportkamp, ​​Vakantiekamp, ​​...), in certain cases, when a child does not eventually participate, the institution can refund the participation fee after possible withholding costs. The institution may also not issue a certificate in that case. After all, no daycare has taken place. No certificate may also be awarded for the same for the cancellation costs. Therefore, a certificate cannot therefore be issued if the child does not participate in the reception activity, while the edition price price has already paid but the institution does not want to repay it. The same also for allowances that may be charged to the taxpayer, for example in case of absence without notice or in the event of late notice. Day rate the day rate must only be mentioned for reasons of simplification if it amounts to more than the maximum amount per babysitting day and per child. From the 2021 assessment year (expenditure of the year 2020), hetmaximum amount is indexed. For assessment year 2022 (expenditure made in 2021), it is 14 euros peroppas day per child. The maximum amount of the expenses is no longer stated on the model certificate, which can change this every year. The body that makes the daycare must therefore inform itself every year the maximum amount that applies to the expenditure year concerned. Expenditure for the front children are entitled to the tax reduction for the year in which they were effectively paid, even if the reception took place in a last year. It is therefore the limit amount of the year of payment that must be taken into account, and not the limit amount of the year of reception. Subvaying this day limit must then also be stated the various applicable daily rates, including the rates bearing or equal to the maximum amount. If a global participation price has been set for a reception for a reception (eg for a sports or youth camp), the daily rate for the total participation fee (possibly reduced by the costs that are not designated as reception costs (11)) is shared by the Number of days of daycare. (11) Examples: additional costs with regard to giving courses in the context of education and membership of the sports club, the youth association, are excluded from the reception costs. If appropriate, the detailed of the number of babysitting days per era and per applied rate must be provided, whereby the lowered detail, for example, applies for half a babysitting day or for the simultaneous reception of multiple children, as a separate rate group. That detail may be provided on the certificate self. It goes without saying that only the debtor of the expenses charged to the debtor may be stated (i.e. after deduction of any reductions granted). Investment amount This section must only be reported of the amounts that have actually been paid in a certain year. When a discount is granted, the amount must be mentioned that the parents have actually paid to the body. On the other hand, the body must not take into account a possible allowance granted by a third party (e.g. Mutuality) to the parents. PersHoondie is authorized to connect the reception body or person who is responsible for the reception (name, capacity, signature) The signature is not mandatory For the electronic shipment of a copyman the administration via the Belcotax-on-Web application, since the user must register. To use the application. The sending of the data stated on the certificates to the administration mark does not have to provide the reception authorities no longer have certificate a certificate On the debtor of the spending for childcare. They must always provide a certificate to that person. Iv. FAQ and Contact Pointed Administration will soon publish FAQ to offer the authorities and persons offering childcare extrahulp when completing the certificatesThat FAQ will be available in the FISCONETPLUS Database, can be consulted via the website of the FPS Finance (https://financien.belgium.be/nl/fisconetplus) or Viamyminfin (https://eservices.minfin.fgov.be/myminfin-Web/pages/fisconet), by clicking on "Income taxes" under the "Taxation" section and then on "Administrative guidelines and comments".Prepared questions about filling in the certificates or about the electronic sending of the data visiting the Belcotax-on-Web application, a specific e-mail address was created, exclusively for authorities offering childcare: spoc.oppasgarde@minfin.fed.be.For the consultation of the table, see image