Publication: 2020-05-04numac: 2020040967brussels-Capital Region12 March 2020.-Decision of the Brussels-Capital Government to designate the members of the selection committee for the allocation of a mandate of deputy director/director-general (A4+) in the regional government service Brussels taxation in the French -speaking language -speaking Brussels -capital government, in view of the special law of 12 January 1989 with regard to the Brussels institutions, in particular Article 40; Having regard to the decision of the Brussels -capital government of 21 March 2018 on the administrative status and the remuneration scheme of the officials Of the regional government services of Brussels, in particular Article 446; predominantly the allocation of a mandate relationship of Deputy Director/Director General (A4+) in the regional government service Brussels Taxation in the French-speaking language role is needed, the members of a selection committee is at in view of the agreement of the Minister of Budget; in view of the fact that Mr. Miguel de Jonckheere (NL) has an expertise on tax law Alprof. Dr. Public Law in the Fiscal Law department. Held on the fact that Mrs. Valerverzele (FR) has expertise on mobility and general management in the public sector, in particular as director-general at the FPS mobility and transportation. Christineberwaerts (NL) has extensive experience with selection and human resources management mainly in deprivésector. Held on the fact that Mr. Alexandre De Munck (FR) has an expertise tax as a legal consultant with regard to tax law. Jean-Paul Gailly (FR, legally bilingual) has great experience in the domain of management in the public sector, given his experience as director-general at the Brussels Public Prosecutor's Government Service for 5 years and as Director-General of Mobility and Road Safety Bij de Federal Public Service Mobility and transport for 11 years. On the recommendation of the minister, after deliberation success, Decree: Article 1. are designated as members of the selection committee for the allocation of a relation to Deputy Director/Director General (A4+) at the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation in the French language role: 1.mijnheer Miguel De Jonckheere (NL) 2. Mrs. Valerie Verzele (FR) 3. Mrs. Christineberwaerts (NL) 4. Mr Alexandre de Munck (FR) 5. Mr Jean-Paul Gailly (FR, legally bilingual) that Mr. Jean-Paul Gailly is appointed as chairman of the selection committee for the allocation of the relation of Deputy Director/Director General (A4+) in the Brussels Fiscity Regulation Service in the French-speaking language role. Art. 2. The Minister competent for the public office is charged with the implementation of this decision. 3. This Decree works the day on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. Brussels, 12 March2020. For the Brussels -Capital Government: r. Vervoort, Prime Minister of the Brussels-Capital Government, competent for territorial development and urban renewal, tourism, the promotion of the image of Brussels and bicultural affairs of Regional, Interest.gatz, minister competent for public officePublication: 2020-04-29Numac: 2020040970 Flemish Government24 April 2020.-Decision of the Flemish Government to regulate certain temporary measures by the civil emergency situation with regard to public health pursuant to the COVID-19 Coronavirus, in terms of the second assessment round of 2020 for project subsidies and stock exchanges within the Arts Decorate Law Decree Decree is based on:- the decree of 20 March 2020 on measures in the event of a civine-sized situation with regard to public health, Article 5. Form-requiring subsequent form requirements have been fulfilled:- the Flemish minister, competent for the budget, has given his agreement on April 23, 2020.- No advice was requested from the Council of State, with application of Article 3, § 1, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973. The urgent possibility does not allow you to wait for the Advice from the Council of State within a short -term period of 5 days, because of the Coronacrisis E n the very rapid evolution of the situation. It is crucial for the arts field that there is immediately clarity about the second subsidy round2020 within the Arts Decree, with the extreme date of May 15, 2020. Maximum legal certainty within the shortest possible term is necessary. Motiveringdit decision is based on the following motives:- The Decree of 20 March 2020 on measures in the event of a civil emergency situation with regard to public health, in Article 5, the Flemish Government grants the authority to work out further rules in the event of a civil emergency situation with regard to public health for suspension, the interruption or extension of procedural periods or the temporary adaptation of procedural or administrative obligations in various decrees and the ERID implementation decisions to ensure maximum legal certainty;- taking into account the coronacrisis and the fulfillment of it for the arts sector, a substan Tieelbudget released for the organization of a second assessment round in 2020 of applications for subsidizing projects and fairs within the Arts Decree. For that reason, the extreme date for this end for this round is changed once of 15 March 2020 in 15 May 2020.- Arts and arts organizations are heavily affected by the coronacrisis. In order to further increase artists and arts organizations, these difficult circumstances continue their practice/operation, the assessment round pre -subsidies with the extreme date of 15 May 2020 will only focus one -time only on short -term trade fairs, projects of individual artists and projects of organizations with a maximum duration of one -year . By focusing on a short duration, the commitments remain limited in these uncertain times for a maximum of one year and more players from the arts sector can be subsidized. of 9 November 2018 on the implementation of the Decree of 13 December 2013 Support for the Professional Arts, applications for project subsidies within the Arts Department Advised by an assessment committee composed of a minimum of 3 and a maximum of 13 members, a chairman of a chairman. At the moment, in view of the applicable corona measures, it is uncertain whether such assessment committees can take place with regard to the subsidy round with the extreme date of 15 May 2020. The reason for a one -off, only within the assessment round of 15 May 2020 for project subsidies from individual artists and Organizations are assessed in the same way as applications for trade fairs: with an ad hoc committee consisting of 3 members of the Pole of Assessers and a Secretary. As a result, the risk is limited to unlawfully composite assessment committees as a result of failure of committee members due to illness or other necessary work as a result of Corona. Small commissions can also be more simpler digital meetings and advise.- The strategic vision note of 1 April 2020 set a number of points of attention first, which must be taken into account in the assessment of applications for project subsidies under this, at the moment under Article 23, § 2, 4 ° of the Arts Decree. Are these points of attention not yet integrated into the Digital Tool Kiosk that is used for submitting and assessing grant applications. Urgent work as a result of the coronacrisisisregen priority. In addition, a large number of files were already in creation for the original submission date of 15 March that have been aligned on the points of attention from the strategic vision pota dd. April 1 ,2015Consequently, the subsidy applications that are submitted at the latest on 15 May 2020 will be assessed once once with the application of the points of attention from the strategic vision pota dd. April 1, 2015., the extreme passing date in 2020 were retained on 15 March and not postponed until 15 May, then the same points of attention would have been applied. Legal Landdit Decree concludes the following regulations:- The Art Decree of 13 December 2013;- The Decree of the Flemish Government of 9 November 2018 on the implementation of the decree of 13 December 2013 on support of the professional arts-- the decision of the Flemish government of 20 March 2020 establishing a civil emergency situation with regard to public health, as stated in the decree of 20 March 2020 on measures in the event of a civil emergency situation with regard to public health. Initiative. Initiativedit Decree is proposed by the Flemish Minister of Foreign Affairs, Culture, ICT and Facility Management. After deliberation, Devlamic Government Decree: Article 1. Contrary to Article 3, second paragraph, 2 °, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 9 NO Vember 2018 concerning the implementation of the Decree of 13 December2013 containing the support of the professional arts, applications for subsidization -off will be submitted in 2020 at the latest on 15 May. These applications relate to projects that start in the period from 1 September to 31 December 2020.Art. 2. Contrary to Article3 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 9 November 2018 on the implementation of the Decree of 13 December 2013 containing the support of the Professional Arts, on 15 May 2020, one -mole request for subsidies will be submitted as stated in Article 15, 21 and 30 of the Arts Decree.voorde application of the first paragraph, contrary to Article 21 and Article 30 of the Arts Decree Response Project Subsidies for artists and project subsidies for organizations, are one -off for organizations for a duration of a maximum of one year.Art. 3. Contrary to Article 16, first paragraph, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 9 November 2018 on the implementation of the Decree of 19 December 2013 containing the support of the professional arts, for the advice of the subsidies are stated in Article 21 and in Article 30 of the Arts Decree once before the Tour of 15 May 2020 ad hoc committees that consist of three members of the pool of assessors and secretary, who is employed by the administration.art. 4. In implementation of Article 23, § 2, 4 °, of the Arts Decree, the AD HOC committee as stated in Article 3 still holds the one -off account with the strategic vision note of 1 April 2015.Art. 5. This decision has elaboration with effect from 15 March 2020.Art. 6. The Flemish Minister, competent for culture, is taxed with the implementation of this decision.brussel, 24 April 2020. The Prime Minister of the Flemish Government, Flemish Minister of Foreign Affairs, Culture, ICT and Facility Management, J.Jambon