Publication: 2020-11-03numac: 202004348484waalse Government Service29 October 2020.-Decree on the granting of special powers to the Walloon government to respond to the second wave of health crisis by COVID-19 (1) has adopted the Walloon Parliament we, Walloon government , ratify what follows: Article 1. § 1. To set the Walloon government to respond to the COVID-19 Pandemie, the government can take all useful measures to prevent and treat any situation that causes problems in the strict framework of Depandemie COVID-19 and its consequences and which must be arranged urgently under penalty of serious danger.§ 2. The decisions determined in paragraph 1 can eliminate, supplement, change or replace the current decree provisions even in the matters that have been made by the Constitution explicitly to the decree on residence. These decisions can in particular determine the administrative, civil and criminal straffles that of applications ng are on its violation. The criminal sanctionsmogen do not contain penalties that are higher than those that connect the completed, amended or replaced legislation to the relevant violations at the time of entry into force of this Decree.art.2. § 1. The decisions referred to in Article 1 can be adopted without the statutory or regulatory advice being obtained in advance. The first paragraph applies to the advice of the Act of the Council of State in the specializing cases in particular by the government. However, if the government considers it possible for the advice of the Council of State to be obtained, it can do so within the period determined by it, where appropriate by electronic road.§ 2. The decisions referred to in Article 1 are immediately and in each in any other case before the publication man in the Belgian Official Gazette communicated to the chairman of the Parliament.art. 3. §1. The decisions referred to in Article 1 must be confirmed by decree in a period of one year's maths of it. In case of confirmation of confirmation within the period in paragraph 1, they are deemed to have never had an effect. § 2. The government can re -execute, supplement, change or replace debted provisions, if at least one -material legal basis is available for this. 4. The authorization given to the Government in this decree is valid for three months from its entry into force.Art. 5. This decree comes into effect the day after the day of it by the Walloon Government. Kondregendititis decree, orders that it will be announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. Names, 29 October 2020. The Prime Minister, e. Di Rupode Vice-Minister Presidents Minister of Economy, Foreign Trade, Research, Innovation, Digital Technologies, Spatial Ordinance, Agriculture, the "Ifapme", and the Skills Centers, W. Borsusde vice-minister presidents Minister of Climate, Energy and Mobility, Ph. Henryde vice-minister presidents Minister of Work, Training, Health, Social Action, Equal Opportunities and Women's Rights, Ch.Morrealede Minister of Finance, Budget, Airports and Sports Infrastructures, J.-L.Cruckede Minister of Housing, Local Boards, and City Policy , Ch. Collignondeminister of civil servants, computer science, administrative simplification, charged with child benefit, tourism, heritage and road safety, v. De Buede Minister of Environment, Nature, Forests, Rural Affairs and Animal Welfare, c. Tellier ______ Note (1) Session 2020-2021. Pieces of the Walloon Parliament 316 (2020-2021) NRS. 1 to 3. Complete report, plenary meeting of 28 October 2020.BeSpeking. voting.