Publication: 2020-06-29Numac: 2020010410 Flemish Government12 June 2020.- Decision of the Flemish Government to the granting of additional operating budget for the schools of ordinary and special primary and secondary education and of part-time vocational education, to compensate for school trips and school trips and -Reizen and lost income and to the student facilities of the higher education institutions pursuant to COVID-19 Rechtsgrond (s) this decision is based on:-the Decree Primary Education of 25 February 1997, Article 76.- The Decree of the Flemish Government containing the Codification concerning secondary education of December 17, 2010, Article 37.- The decision of the Flemish Government to codifying the decree provisions of higher education of 11 October 2013, Article III.67. Form requirement (s) Developing formal requirements have been met:- The Finance Inspectorate has given advice on 9 June 2020; - The Flemish minister competent for the Finance and Budget has given his approval on 12 June 2020s of the urgency no advice is requested from the Council Vanstate. The urgent nature is motivated so that the resources could still be granted in the current school and academic year so that the most urgent needs can be yellowed. Motoring disposal decision is based on the following motive: the Coronacrisis and the associated federal measures a major impact on Flemish Education, also on a budgetary level. Primary and secondary schools are confronted with the fact that parents ask for financial compensation for canceled school trips - travel and with the fact that they have lost income that is a supplement to the regular operating resources. The student facilities within higher education institutions are confronted with student with serious financial issues. The present decision wants educational institutions financial supports for this financial compensation to parents and/or the lost income and/or the support that they offer students with financial problems. Legal Lawdit Decree in the following regulations:- The Primary Education Decree of 25 February 1997, Article76.- The Decree of the Flemish Government containing the codification regarding secondary education of 17 December 2010, Article 37.- The Decree of the Flemish Government to Codification Man The decree provisions concerning higher education of 11 October 2013, Article III.67. Initiator (s) DITTOGTE is proposed by the Flemish Minister of Education, Sport, Animal Welfare and Flemish Rand. School boards of the ordinary and extraordinary primary and secondary education are additional operating budget for the 2019-2020 school year as compensation on the one hand for parents or persons involved for canceled school trips-travel, on the other for schools for lost income that have not been able to take place or for reduced income . Schools must have worked out a reimbursement system for Costendie parents for these extramuros activities. Art. 2. The amount per school is calculated as follows:- a fixed amount per student in ordinary and special-bearing education of 5.16 euros .- A fixed amount per student in ordinary and extraordinary secondary education and part-time vocational secondary education of 12.88 euros . For the calculation the following counting date applicable: 1 February 2020.Art. 3. For the Higher Education Institutions, an additional social allowance of 684,000 euros for universities and 816,000 euros for the colleges is awarded for the 2019-2020 academic year. This amount is included on the institutions in accordance with the distribution mechanism in the articles III.68 and III.69 of the Codex higher education. The institutions support students who have financial problems as a result of the COVID-19 crisis. Art. 4. This decision takes effect on the date of the approval.art.5. The Flemish minister, competent for education, is responsible for implementing this decision. Brussels, 12 June 2020. The Prime Minister of the Flemish Government, J. Jambondevlamic Minister of Education, Sport, Animal Welfare and Flemish Rand, B. WeytsPublication: 2020-10-30numac: 2020010447waal government service21 October 2020.-Decree of the Walloon government establishing a Walloon cell COVID-19Dewaal government, in view of the special law of 8 August 1980 for the reform of the institutions, as amended, Article 87, § 3; In view of the decree of 15 December 2011 containing the budget and of the accounting of the services of the Walloon Government, as amended; in view of the decree of 19 November 2015 approval of the cooperation agreement between the Waalsegewest, the French Community and the French Community Commission on free secondment in deministerial cabinets; In view of the decision of the Walloon Government of 14 September 2019 relevant the ministerial cabinets of the Walloon Government, the secretariat of the Walloon governments the "SEPAC", as amended; in view of the decision of the Walloon Government of 8 June 2017 -holding organization of the audit and the internal audit regarding the budget, accounting and the administrative budget control of the services of the Walloon Government, the administrative services with an independent book attitude, the regional companies, the institutions and the Ombudsdienst of the Walloon Region; having regard to the advice of the inspector of Finance, given on October 19, 2020; Having regard to the consent of the Minister of Budget, given on 21 October 2020; Having regard to the report of 20 October2020 drawn up in accordance with Article 3, 2 ° of the Decree of 11 April 2014, of the Resolutions of the Resolutions of the Women's Conference of the United Nations that took place in Beijing in September 1995 and to i ntegration of the gender dimension in all of the regional policy lines; having the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, Article 3, § 1; Entitled to urgent necessity; whereas the various actors who had to know the crisis, at the start of the epidemic, in the first months of 2020, were confronted with a total-independent situation, frequent challenges and a colossal workload; has taken a considerable size of the month of October 2020 and that Hette expects that the health crisis worsens in the coming weeks; on complex questions for which an immediate action in umbrella and health -related powers is required; Idsvlak, via the establishment of a Walloon cell for the coordination of health crisis policy; predominantly the mandatory factors that result from the COVID-19 health crisis on the need to set up a specific cell that is fully focused on the pandemic so that a consistent and consistent and consistent and consistent and effective policy can be pursued with the joint actors, also from the other sub -areas; this cell is necessarily compiled from, in particular, competence profiles for the control of a sanitary crisis; Walloon Government on the fight against the pandemic after fought; whereas, before that, the Prime Minister and the Minister of Health must be surrounded by the council; no OD COMPRIANTIFICATION RESPONSE IS; On the nomination of the Prime Minister and the Minister of Health; Na Verravering, Decision: Article 1. A Walloon Cel Covid-19 for the Health Crisis is established within the Walloon Government, hereinafter referred to as "the cell". The functional authority of the Prime Minister. She reports to the Prime Minister, the Minister of Health or the Walloon Government as a whole. The Walloon Government decides on the end date of the assignment.Art. 2. The cell is responsible for the following strategic tanning: 1 ° the Prime Minister, the Minister of Health and the government strategic orientations and additional and anticipatory measures in the context of the Management of the COVID-19 Crisis proposal; 2 ° in collaboration; and propose consultation with the competent services to simplify the administration, structures and processes of the management of the health crises; 3 ° each relevant adjustment of the functioning of the structures proposing the authority of the Walloon GovernmentThe Prime Minister, the Minister of Health or The Walloon Government can entrust the cell of additional assignments.art. 3. The cell is a single -policy body. She is not an administration, but a public service. In Deloop of the term of office, its staff may not acquire the status of officials appointed in a fixed context and is not subject to the law of 3 July 1978 on employment contracts. It is subject to an administrative stand Sui generis.art. 4. § 1. The staff of the cell comprises:-Level 1 personnel members, of university level or with that-employees; experts. § 2. Among the staff of level 1, the cell includes: a coordinator, one -crisis manager, a communication officer, thirteen strategic advisers. § 3 Onderde employees of the cell are: three secretaries and a logistics employee. §4. The cell is led by the coordinator.art. 5. The cell is subject to the Decree of the Walloon Government of 14 September 2019 on the ministerial cabinets of the Walloon Government, the secretariat of the Walloon Government and the "Sepac", in accordance with Article 56 of the Decree.art.6. The Prime Minister and the Minister of Health are charged with the implementation of this decision.art.7. This decision comes into effect the day on which it is signed. Names, 21 October 2020.voorde Walloon Government: the Prime Minister, e. Di Rupode Minister of Work, Training, Health, Social Action, Equal Opportunities and Women's Rights, Ch. CorreationPublication: 2020-12-11Numac: 2020010460Brussels-Capital Region 11 December 2020.-Decree of the Prime Minister of the Brussels-Capital Region extending the decision of 26 October 2020 determining additional measures in addition to those determined by the Minister of the Interior Cases to spread the distribution of the COVID-19 Coronavirus restricted Prime Minister of the Brussels-Capital Region, in view of article 166, § 2 of the Constitution; in view of Article 48 of the special law of 12 January 1989 with regard to the Brussels institutions, such as amended by the law of 6 January 2014; Given Article 11 of the Act of 5 August 1992 on the police office, as replaced by the law of 7 December1998; Having regard to Article 128 of the Provinces Act; Having regard to Article 4, § 2quater, 1 ° of the law of 26 July 1971 organizing the agglomerations and the federations of municipalities, as amended by the law of 6 January 2014; having regard to the min decree of 13 March2020 on the announcement of the federal phase on coordination and management of the crisiscoronavirus COVID-19; Having regard to the advice 2.3 (82) of Celeval that the six guilders rules must be applied in the different stages of the COVID-19 Pandemie; In view of the denota of the health experts who was addressed to the consultation committee on October 23, 2020, and on the notadie on 24 October 2020 by the health experts of the common community committee to the attention of the provincial crisiscel; in view of the meeting of the provincial crisis extensively extended with the mayors and the services of the United College, which took place on 24 October2020; in view of the decision of the Prime Minister of the Brussels-Capital Region of 26 October 2020, determining additional measures alongside those determined by the Minister of Domestic Affairs to spread the Coronavirus Covid-19 T he limits, as amended by the decision of 3 November 2020; Having regard to the Ministerial Decree of 28 October2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19, as amended by the ministerial decisions of 1 and 28 November 2020; in view of the meeting; of the Regional Security Council of 1 December 2020; Having regard to the epidemiological reports drawn up by Sciensano; In view of the prior consultation with the National Crisis Centrums, the Corona Commissioner appointed by the Federal State for the control of the COVID-19 crisis; in view of the precautionary principle in the context of the management of an international health crisis; having the urgency and health risk that The development and distribution of the Coronaviruscovid-19 for the population on the territory of the Brussels region entails; mostly our country since 13 October 2020 is at national level 4 (very high alertness); mainly the daily average of new ones Infections with the Coronavirus COVID-19 in Belgium on the latter days has risen to 2,163 confirmed positive cases on December 6, 2020; this evolution means that the occupancy rate of the hospitals, in particular of intensive care, remains criticism ; that on December 6, 2020 a total of 3,213 patients were admitted to Belgian hospitals; that on the same date a total of 739 patients were taken up the services of intensive care; that the pressure on hospitals and on the continuity of the non-Covid-19 care nog remains very high and that this can have a significant effect on public health; that the hospitals are struggling with staff failure due to illness and that this leads to a shortage of personnel in the sector; that the reception of patients on the territory remains under pressure on the fact that the epidemiological situation is still very serious and precarious; that the incidence still 278 on100000 inhabitants is; that the pressure on hospitals and other care providers remains high; that a decline in the figures is necessary to get out of this dangerous epidemiological situation; that far -reaching and radical measures remain necessary to keep the situation under control; mostly the situation in the Brussels -Capital Region remains worrying and required to the additional measures in addition to the one who have already been determined by the Minister of the Interior, that the reports of Sciensano show that the Brussels-Capital Region, for example, is still the region with the largest number of hospital admissions of COVID-19 patients; The number of infections was established, which appears to be stagnating trend for the day and has even been signed up since 8 December; mostly every relaxation measure must be linked to the condition that one -stable improvement of the health situation is stuck for three weeks counts; that that determination is not yet made; that only very strict measures can ensure that the situation is re-control; "when the mayor or the governor is informed by the health organism of the federated entity concerned about a local increase in the epidemic in his territory, or when he determines this, he takes additional measures required by the situation"; That the local authorities therefore maintain the possibility of properly approving additional measures on their territory in addition to the measures issued by the Federal Government; stores; that in order to avoid a large concentration of customers in the stores, proposed to extend its opening hours so that the influx of customers can be spread; Datoma is proposed to have all other commercial matters close at 9 p.m. for a limited period up to and including 31 December 2020 " to extend until January 15, 2021; that the national measures to combat the virus are applying until January 15th, the day on which the health situation and the relevant of the measures taken will be investigated again; that it is advisable to maintain the same deadline for this measure, Decree: Article 10 of the Decree of 26 October 2020 determining additional measures in addition to the person determined by the Minister of the Interior to spread the Coronavirus COVID-19 to limit, amended by the decision of 3 November 2020, is supplemented with a second paragraph that reads as follows: "In abnormality of the first paragraph and until December 31, 2020, the food stores and all other trading stores close at 9 p.m. "Art. 2. Article 16 of the same decision is replaced as follows: "The measures imposed by this Decree apply until January 15, 2021." Art.3. This decision comes into effect the day on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette.art.4. In accordance with Article 14 of the coordinated laws on the Council of State, an appeal for void declaration of this decision can be submitted to the Administration Department of the Council of State due to violation of either substantial, or on pain of nullity, exceeding or alternating power. The request for annulment must be submitted, on pain of inadmissibility, the 60 days after the announcement in the Belgian Official Gazette. The petition is either sent by registered mail to the Registry of the Council of State, Sciencestraat 33, in 1040 Brussels, or it is submitted in accordance with the electronic procedure using the identity card on the security website of the Council of State http: // eproadmin. Raadvst-cesetat.be. A claim to suspend the decision can also be submitted, in accordance with the provisions of the Royal Decree of 5 December 1991 providing the legal proceedings in summary proceedings for the Council of State.brussel, 11 December 2020. The Prime Minister of the Brussels-Capital Region, RHurt