Publication: 2020-04-16Numac: 2020201895federal Public Service Employment, Labor and Social Consultation 30 March 2020.-Royal Decree to amend the procedures in the context of temporary unemployment because of the COVID-19 Virus and to change Article 10 of the Royal Decreeof 6 May 2019 amending Articles 27, 51, 52bis, 58, 58/3 and 63 of the Royal Decree of 25 November 1991 containing the unemployment regulations and to insertion of Articles 36Sexies, 63bis and 124bis in the same decision.- Erratumop Page 24317 of the Belgian Official Gazette of 2 April2020 is deleted in Article 16, third paragraph, "7," ".Publication: 2020-05-18Numac: 2020202245 Ministerie of the German-speaking Community 7 May 2020.-Decision of the government to establish a contact center in charge of contact investigation in the context of the fight against the health crisis that is by the Coronavirus (COVID-19) has been created by the German -speaking Community, in view of the special law of 8 August 1980 Tot Reform of Institutions, Article 87, amended by the Special Laws of 8 August 1988, 16 July1993 and 6 January 2014; Having been reform in view of the Act of 31 December 1983 for reform of the Institutions for the German -speaking Community, Article 54, replaced by law of 18 July 1990; In view of the decree of 1 June 2004 on the health promotion and on medical prevention, Article1.1, inserted by the Decree of 25 February 2013, Article 10.4, § 2, inserted by the Decree of 20 February 2017, and Article 10.5, inserted by the Decree of 20 February 2017; In view of the laws on the Council of State, G on January 12, 1973, Article 3, § 1; Given the urgent necessity; whereas the urgent necessity is legitimate by the fact that the federal government was taken with a view to the gradual relaxation of the Maat regulatory Health crisis created by the Coronavirus (COVID-19), issued a Royal Decree on 4 May 2020 to aimed a database at Sciensano in the context of the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19; that this Royal Decree forms the basis for the contact investigation carried out in that context; that the COVID-19 Epidemiedoor could rise the relaxation of the restriction measures; that this contact examination has the purpose of preventing that flare -up; that this Royal Decree also records which personal data will be included in the database, which persons or institutions are responsible for the provision of the database, for which purposes are processed, which persons have access to the database and when the data is distinguished; that this Royal Decree finally stipulates that the contact investigation is carried out by contact centers; that the aforementioned Royal Decree cannot be applied immediately in practice if the establishment of such a contact center and the regulation of its working method would not be achieved at the level of the German -speaking community; that, with the entry into force of the relaxation measures of the federal government, however, the risk that the epidemic flares up again as risk-entering measures, such as contact investigation, cannot be applied immediately; Decree no. 18 establishing a database at Sciensanoin the framework of the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19; on the nomination of the Minister of Health; after deliberation, decision: Article 1. The application of this Decree is understood by : 1а Decree: the decree of 1 June 2004 relevant health promotion and on medical prevention; 2а Royal Decree no. 18: Royal Decree No. 18 of 4 May 2020 establishing a database at Sciensano in the framework of the fight against the distribution of distribution of distribution The Coronavirus COVID-19; 3а General Data Protection Regulation: The Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 A Pril 2016 of the European Parliament and the Council on the protection of natural persons in connection with the processing of personal data and on the free movement of that data and to withdrawal of directive 95/46/EC; 4а Databank: the database at Sciensanody is established at the Royal Decree No. 18.Art. 2. § 1 - In the Department of the Ministry of the German -speaking community that is competent for health, a contact center is established. Contrary to Article 3, § 2, of Royal Decree No. 18 are infected with the coronavirus (COVID -19) Presumably infected, as well as people who have come to Henin touch, detected and contacted by the contact center under the conditions that have been laid down in this decision. § 2- The Contact Center performs its task stated in§ 1 with regard to the exchange of the Decree of the Decree of the Decree of Personal and Health Data with the Domestic Health Authorities to prevent the spread of HetCoronavirus (COVID-19). It performs its task under responsibility of the Arts Health Inspector stated in Article 10.2, § 3, of the Decree.art. 3§ 1 - The Contact Center processes personal data to detect and contact the following persons: 1а persons with whom a doctor suspects an infection with the Coronavirus (COVID -19); 2аmersen who have undergone a medical test that shows that they are infected with the Coronavirus (COVID-19). The Contact Center collects the data stated in the first paragraph by consulting the database. § 2 - The Contact Center processes personal data about the Persons Signed in § 1 to: 1а to detect the persons with whom they have come into contact or the test in § 1, and in the days that followed, and and and the test, and Die people each individually to contact them separately and then, based on the information they provide, to provide the appropriate recommendations in an electronically; 2а the collectivities immediately vulnerable or a risk group belonging to the population that came into contact with the Passenger in § 1 , to be traced and contacted so that they can take appropriate prevention measures or early detection measures. The contact center collects the data stated in the first -lecture: 1а by consulting the database or: 2а with the persons mentioned in § 1 or; 3а directly with the persons and the collectivities mentioned with the persons in § 1 came into contact .Art. 4. § 1 - In the context of the performance of the task stated in Article 3, § 1, the contact center collects and processes the following personal data about the persons stated in those § 1: 1а the national register number or, depending on the case, the identification number of the social security; 2а the front and surnames; 3аhet slaughtered; 4а the date of birth and, where appropriate, the date of death; 5аhet address; 6а the type, date, sample number and the result of the test or - in the absence of test - the suspected diagnosis; 7а the RIZIV number of the doctor who prescribed the test; 8аde contact details of the person concerned and of the person to be contacted in an emergency; 9аde collectivity of which the person is part of whether or not to exercise a health care profession or not . § 2 - In the context of the performance of the task stated in Article3, § 2, the contact center collects and processes subsequent personal data about the persons who have come in touch with an infected or presumably infected person: 1а the national register number or, depending on the case, the identification number of social security; 2а the front and surnames; 3а the gender; 4а where appropriate the date of death; 5аhet address; 6а the telephone number; 7а high risk/low risk; 8а the link between infected or presumably infected person and the persons with whom he has been in contact.art.5. The contact referred to in Article 3 is done individually, by telephone or electronic or - if involved person making or electronically - was not reached at home. If an infected or presumably infected person has come into contact with persons in a collectivity, the contact center turns to the reference doctor of that collectivity or, in the absence of a reference doctor, to the administrative manager of that collectivity.art. 6. § 1 - The contact center includes the person data stated in Article 4, § 2, in the database. No other data on third parties may be transmitted. The data processed in accordance with Article 4 may only be used for the purposes described in Articles 2 and 3 . § 2 - Without prejudice to other or decree provisions, the members of the contact center involved in the implementation of this decision are obliged to treat the data that they are responsible for in the exercise of their assignment. Art. 7. The Ministry of the German Community is the controller within the meaning of Article 4, point 7, of the General Data Protection Regulation for the processing of personal data that is carried out by the Contact Center in the context of this Decree. If the Contact Center appeals to щщn or More external service providers, each of them in accordance with Article 28 of the General Data Protection Regulation, is concluded an agreement for performing processing activities.art. 8. Subject to other persons provisions, the personal data that is collected and processed in accordance with this Decree will be deleted, after the month, calculated from the date on which they were collected, without the period being able to exceed the date in Article 5 of the Royal Decree no. 18 . The provision of first -line is the information stated in Article 4, § 2, first paragraph, 8а, no later than 21 days after admission in the database. In deviation from the first paragraph, the data that corresponding to 4, § 1, is collected and processed, immediately deleted if the result of the test mentioned in Article 4, § 1, 6а, is negative.Art. 9This decision comes into effect on which it is adopted.Art.10. The minister is responsible for health with the implementation of this decision.Eupen, 7 May 2020. For the Government of the German-speaking community, the Prime Minister, Minister of Local Governments and Financiыn, O.paaschde Viceminister President, Minister of Health Social Affairs, Spatial Planning and Housing, a.Antoniadis