Publication: 2020-04-29Numac: 2020040987waalse Government Service22 April 2020. restricted Walloon Government, entitled to book II of the Environmental Tet Book, which the Water Code entails, in particular the articles D.2, 28 °, D.202 and Articles R.270BIS-7 to R.270BIS-13; Having regard to the report of 19 March 2020 Detailed respectful Article 3, 2 °, of the Decree of 11 April 2014 implementing the resolutions of the Women's Conference of the United Nations that took place in Beijing in September 1995 Entot Integration of the Gender Time in the whole of the regional policies; the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, Article 3, § 1; havings NG legislation of the Statebinnen Council cannot be awaited a period reduced to five days, in particular, in particular to the approach of the quarterly periods for the interim invoicing of public water distribution, the necessary increase in the water quantities consumed by the users, including the families, in this period vanlockdown imposed on the decisions of the Federal Minister of Security and the Interior of 13 March 2020 and 23 March 2020 containing emergency measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19, and the immediate necessity to offer the possibility of using the water quantities are needed to observe the protection measures in connection with the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19; Consequently, it is indispensable to take the necessary measures immediately; whereas the extraordinary health crisis in connection with COVID-19 that is currently affecting Belgium and the coming rules, taken to limit the spread of the virus among the population one-lockdown for everyone; that this measure implies higher water consumption by the families; predominantly the hygiene measures, imposed in this crisis period, also lead to higher water consumption; predominantly -mode in an access to all, at all times, at all times, to quality water must be provided in the required amounts; Whereas the water that is even more important in this crisis period must be insured to water without any form of delay; on the nomination of the Minister of the Environment; after deliberation, decision: Article 1. insofar as the staff is available, insofar as possible access to a meter to be obtained if the social distancing rules, imposed by the Federal Government, and without prejudice to the priority that the actions must be given to for the continuity of public water distribution, the water distributor intended in Article D.2, 28 °, of the Water Code The Water Begrenchers who under article .270bis-13 from the Water Code mounted W Erden, to be removed .Art. 2. Water limiters as referred to in article R.270BIS-13 of the Water Code may not be placed.Art. 3. interruptions in public water distribution for household purposes as referred to in Article R.270BIS-7 of the Water Code are prohibited, except for interruptions for technical or safety nods.art.4. This decision has an effect on April 1 for a duration of sixty days. Art. 5. In the extent of the urgent measures for the limitation of the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19, Deminister van Environment can extend these measures for a twice extended duration of thirty days. Of this decision, every distributor who takes care of public water distribution in the Walloon Region is informed .Art. 7. The Minister of the Environment is charged with the implementation of this decision. Names, 22 April 2020. For the government: the Prime Minister, e. Di Rupoineminister of the environment, nature, forests, rural affairs and animal welfare, c. Tellier