Publication: 2020-06-18Numac: 2020031009 Ministerie of the French Community 11 June 2020.-Decree of the government of the French Community of Special Powers No. 22 on the support of the Sector of Education for Social Promotion in the context of the COVID- 19- Health crisis government of the French Community, in view of the decree of 17 March 2020 to the granting of special powers to the government in the context of the COVID-19 health crisis, in particular on Article1, § 1, g); in view of the advice of the Inspectorate of Finance, given on 8 May 2020; Having regard to the approval of the Minister of Budget of 20 May 2020; In view of the advice 67.465/2 of the Council of State, given on 28/05/2020, with application of Article 84, § 1, Primary member, 3 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973 ; Mostly the health crisis in connection with the COVID-19 has caused major economic problems for educational institutions for social promotion to organize additional lessons with regard to debate practice that is required after the restriction; in view of the urgent need to the resources of the social promotion educational institutions with to strengthen additional amounts; on the nomination of the Minister of Education for Social Promotion; After deliberation, decision: Article1. This decision of special powers applies to the institutions for secondary and higher education for social promotion, as referred to in Articles 1 and 2 of the Decree of 16 April 1991 relevant education for social promotion, hereinafter referred to as the Decree.Art. 2. The Government Department for Social Promotion for an exceptional financing reserve of 1,054,335 euros, which must be distributed, in the form of class times between the educational institutions for social promotion referred to in Article 1, with due observance of the conditions stated in this decision.art.3. The exceptional amount referred to in Article 2 is only intended for the financing of supplementary times organized from the date of the entry into force of this Decree until 31 December2020 for the educational units that require a professional practice whether the implementation of technical skills that can be carried out by remote and can be carried out That lead to the ratification of a department.art.4. The federations of organizational powers submit applications for exceptional financing of their institutions to the General Council for Social Promotion, as referred to in Article 78 of the Decree. On the basis of these applications, the General Council issues an advice to the Minister of Education For social promotion. The Minister of Education for Social Promoter Figure The institutions The lesson times referred to in Article 3 after advice from the General Council for Education for Social Promotion with regard to the distribution of resources over the various institutions. If the number of applications is higher than the number of available class times, the Minister of Education provides pre -social promotion to the educational units of departments that relate to a critical occupation or a bottleneck profession.art. 5. This Decree comes into effect the day on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. Art. 6. The Minister of Education for Social Promotional Considered with the implementation of this decision.brussel, 11 June 2020. The Prime Minister, P.-Y. , Fr. Daerdende Higher Education Minister, Education for Social Promotion, University Hospitals, Assistance to Youth, Justice Houses, Youth, Sport and Promotion Pan Brussels, v. Glatigny.