Publication: 2020-10-09NUMAC: 2020031426Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products 30 September 2020.-Royal Decree on Griepvaccins export ban, in the context of the COVID-19 Pandemie.- Erratumin The Belgian Official Gazette No. 274 of 2 October 2020, in the publicationC-2020/15663 on page 69311, the date '24 March 2020 'will be replaced by the date '30 September 2020'.Publication: 2020-10-12Numac: 2020031434Federal Public Security Service Social Security 30 September 2020.-Royal Decree establishing a temporary financial intervention of the compulsory insurance for medical care for the costs of special protection measures and materials, within the framework of the COVID-19 Pandemieverslag To the Koningsire, I am the honor to hereby a draft Royal Decree establishing a temporary financial intervening intervention of the compulsory insurance for medical care in the costs of special protection measures materials, in the context of the COVID-19 Pandemie. draft decision implementing articles 71 and 72 of the Royal Decree No. 20 of 13 May 2020 containing measures in the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie and to ensure the continuity of care in the mandatory insurance for medical care, taken on the basis of the law of March 27, 2020 that authorization grants the king to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II). Article 1 of the proposed draft decision sets the principle of a temporary financial intervention of the compulsory insurance for medical care the costs of special protection measures and materials for all care providers who are included in the compulsory insurance for medical care. The articles 2 to 5 of the proposed design decision describe the conditions and rules of the financial intervention, which vary according to the category of care providers to whom it addresses ( flat-rate intervention or not, amount, ...). The these differences are based on the specificities of the sectors and on the reality of the terrain and justify themselves in the light of the equality and non-discrimination principle as set ashierna. first and second paragraph, of The proposed draft decision shows the categories of care providers in favor of whose compulsory insurance intersect per patient contact for which a reimbursable medical provision was attended. Article 2, third paragraph, of the proposed draft decision emphasizes the requirement of a patient contact. This is explained by the fact that the benefits covered by the mandatory insurance for medical delivery must generally take place in the presence of the patient and the care provider. In the context of the pandemic, however, specific provisions remotely were created by Articles8 and following of The aforementioned Royal Decree No 20 of 13 May 2020. It is important to specify that these benefits are not covered. The same applies to the benefits where there is no patient contact, such as the renewal of the global medical file. These benefits may be identified by the insurance institutions since they are the object of a separate tariffievia a different nomenclature code or they are accompanied by a pseudocode in the invoicing. Article2, fourth paragraph, of the proposed draft decision stipulates that the financial intervention does not pay for the medical benefits that are charged by a hospital. This exception does not apply to psychological care provided by clinical psychologists and clinical orthopedagogues in the framework of the agreements concluded on the basis of Article 22, 6 ° bis, of the law on the provisions of medical care and benefits, coordinated on July 14, 1994. Undergente benefits that are charged by a hospital is understood to be the benefits of the hospital via the electronic billing file to the insurance institutions. The paper billing is therefore covered by the scope 2, fourth paragraph, of the proposed draft decision sets a double difference in treatment in that respect, which may be justified as follows. The question of the financing of protection material for the care invoiced by the hospitals is arranged by other provisions on the basis of article 101 of the coordinated law of 10 July 2008 on hospitals and other care institutions as amended by the Royal Decree No. 8 of 19 April 2020 amending Article 101 of the Coordinated Act of 10 July 2008 on the Hospitals and other care establishments and taking into account the Royal Decree No 10 of 19 April 2020 for the allocation of and the rules for the distribution and liquidation of an advance to the hospitals in the context of the epidemic by the COVID-19, amended by the Royal Decree no. 35 of 24 June 2020 amending of he Royal Decree no.10 of 19 April 2020 for the allocation of and the rules for the distribution of an advance to the general hospitals in the context of the epidemic by the Coronaviruscovid-19. The exclusion of the clinical psychologists and the clinical orthopedagogues of this The specific invoicing circuit that is foreseen for the invoicing of first -line psychological care provided by the clinical psychologists and the clinical remedial educationalists that are repaid by the insurance for medical care concluded by agreements on the basis of Article 22, 6 ° bis, of the aforementioned law on compulsory insurance . After all, this invoicing circuit prevents that the hospital invoicing the insurance institutions for clinical psychologists and the clinical remedial educationalists. The clinical psychologists and the clinical remedial educationalists therefore have no other choice than to invoice through the hospital and even if the reimbursements paid out does not have been carried out in the hospital. This circuit was foreseen to allow the suitable check -ups to be performed. This exception does not provide for these categories any intervention. Article 3 of the proposed draft decision determines the amounts of the vinancial intervention referred to in Article 2 per patient contact. It is granted a maximum of 200 times per month per caregiver. The fact that the amount of the financial intervention for dentists, the Doctors specialists in Otorhinolyngology and the Docators specialists in stomatology is higher than the amount of the financial interview for the other care providers intended Article 2 justifies as follows. The increase in the amount of the financial intervention for dentists, the Doctors specialists in the Otorhinoliarngology and the doctors specialists in stomatology is motivated by the fact that these care providers have been called to be called to do by the nature of their specialism to contact Demond and the patient's nose. Since it concerns actions that increase the risk of contact Methet virus and that therefore require additional protection measures, it was expected to increase the intervention for these categories to make care providers who are in nature due to the nature of the actions they set substanti have higher costs to protect itself, not to be treated in the same way. Article4, first paragraph, of the proposed draft decision stipulates that the insurance institutions pay the financial intervening intervention referred to in Article 2 in an intermutualistic manner and at the latest on 31 December 2020.deverbeld " The aim of the intermutualistic manner to be able to verify the ceilings provided by the various insurance institutions by means of a procedure submitted between the insurance institutions and after collection of the invoicing that was received by the different insurance institutions for the regulations. The aim of the purpose of the dial -insurance institutions, i.e. for every natural person, a common desk of the number of patient contacts based on the data they have on October 31 ,2020. If the same natural person has multiple qualities as a care provider, the most conscious capacity is retained. The question arises as to what is happening with the payment of final intervention associated with reimbursable medical benefits that were made between 4 May 2020 and 31 August 2020 but for which the insurance institutions are not yet Information has inhun database on 31 October 2020, since patients legally have a period of 2 years to submit applications for a repayment. The risk of denying certain healthcare providers the Financiëletroeprafting by the mere circumstance that - independently of their will - have not submitted their patients for allowance to their health insurance fund within the period retention period against the objective of efficiency and speed of the system , on the one hand, and the administrative feasibility of the system, on the other. When the design decision is presented on the insurance committee of 29 June 2020, it was clearly said that the proposal -financing intervention exists in an intervention in the costs and not in a full reimbursement of the costs. For the costs. The care providers for whom a provision can give rise to additional contacts, the intervention is in any case limited to 200 contacts per month, which does not necessarily cover the deviation activity of the care providersThe risk must also be put into perspective that certain sectors use the electronic transfer of data to the insurance institutions Mycarenet (instead of the paper circuit), which implies an almost direct transfer of the data to the insurance institutions. , the certificates for assistance provided by the care providers themselves are transferred to the insurance institutions of their patients, which also reduces the risk of later issuing the certificates of preserved assistance to the insurance institutions. In any case, the statistical data of the insurance institutions of the insurance institutions shows that the vast majority of the certificates provided for assistance are submitted within two months after the date of the benefits. Articles4, second paragraph, of the proposed draft decision sets the rules regarding submission of the application for the financial intervention referred to in Article 2. The payments will be made on the account number that the care provider communicates via the foresocated web application of the RIZIV (Myriziv). Articles 5, § 1, first and second paragraph, lists the categories of Zorgvoversop for which is granted a financial intervention, not per patient contact as for the care providers intended in Article 2, but on a fixed basis, whereby the amount of the fixed rate may differ from category to category. This difference in treatment is justified as follows. Most of the individual care providers for the following. decided to calculate g to keep it with the number of patient contacts not to intervene for remote benefits that did not require special protection measures materials and not to intervene for the care providers who have not or almost no provision during the period referred to. For the structures ( i.e. The care providers received deep patients in a space accessible to the public) was considered that the fact that they have remained as passable for the patients (open pharmacy, ...) taking protection measures requirement. That opening has brought fixed costs (placing plexiglas, markings on the floor, ...) that are of a different nature than those made by the individual care providers. On Diemanier, the number of patient contacts seemed less pertinent as a starting element and this criterion uses to deal with fundamentally different situations in the same way. For the dietitians, the occupational therapists, the orthoptists and the podiatrists (Paramedic professions) was asked of the sectors during the insurance committee 29 June 2020 chosen for a reduced monthly feuds compared to the maximum for the other care providers, taking into account the fact that these professional benefits that are not provided for by the nomenclature. Article 5, § 1, third paragraph, of the proposed draft decision sets the rules for the allocation of the intervention provided for in the first and second paragraphs. The exclusion of two rehabilitation centers of the enjoyment of the financial intervention is justified as follows. In comparison with the other rehabilitation centers that are not integrated into a hospital and that are ongoing a current agreement with the insurance committee in the implementation of Article 22, 6 ° of the Act on the Act Mandatory insurance for medical care and benefits, the Clairs Centers are located in a special situation in Clairs and Zeepreventoriumzich that implies that their expenses for protection material are clearer than the expenditure of the other centers. For that reason, the intention is to work out a specific measure for the intervention with regard to these two centers in the costs of special protection measures materials, in the context of the COVID-19 Pandemie. The situation of the Clairs Vallonsen Zeepverentorium is after all Different from the situation of the other rehabilitation centers intended. Clairsvallons and Zeeprontentorium are centers with a very large reception capacity (116 and 160 patients respectively) that receive almost all their patients in a boarding -board formula (24 hours a day), while the other rehabilitation centers referred to are centers with a daily reception capacity that clearly bears and that ankle Ambulatory patients receive those maximum for a few hours in those centers. Next at those differences, the granting of a financial intervention of 500 euros would amount to the same treatment of centers that are in a fundamentally different situationArticle5, § 2, of the proposed draft decision establishes a fixed financial intervention for the dietitians, the occupational therapists, the orthoptists and the podiatrists, which is equal to 100 euros in the month during which reimbursable medical benefits were granted. This amount is determined, as clarified above, taking into account that these professions numerous benefits are not provided for by the nomenclature. The payments will be made in the account numbered Kat The caregiver communicates through the foresirable web application of the RIZIV (Myriziv) .ikel5, § 3, of the proposed draft decision determines the financial intervention for each triage and purchase center as referred to in Title 4, chapter 2 of the Royal Decree No. 20 of 13 May 2020 temporary measures in the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie and to ensure the continuity of care in the compulsory insurance for medical care. Article 5, § 4, of the draft decision sets the rules fixed for the payment of the financial interventions referred to in Article 5 as well as the rules regarding submitting the application for the intervention.ikel6 of the proposed draft decision determines the extra effect of Articles 62 to 64 of the Royal Decree No 20 of 13 May 2020 containing temporary Measures in the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie and to ensure the continuous Uitige of care in the compulsory insurance for medical delivery. It concerns the system that was applied until the end of August 2020 for the nurses sector. It follows that the system used for the nurses will only be adjusted in the event of an extension of the system set under this draft decision. Article 7 of the proposed draft decision regulates its application area on time. As underlined by the Council of State, it must be established that the draft decision to the insurance institutions on the obligation to be obliged after the date of 31 August 2020, namely the obligation to keep a joint counter of the number of patient contacts based on the data they have on 31 October 2020, as well as the obligation for the financial interventions due on 31 December 2020, so that the extra effect of the proposed draft decision cannot correspond to the date of 31 August 2020. Certain those obligations still have a legal basis on that date serves that the financial interventions only on the referred to the referred to the referred to the referred to the period, namely from 4 May 2020 to 31 August 2020. Article 8 of the proposed design decision lets the provisions take effect retroactively until 4 May 2020, the date the period referred to. I have the honor are sire, from you we Majesty, this respectful and very faithful servant, the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health, the Blockraad of State, Department of Legislative Advice 67.983/2/V from 10 September 2020 on a draft Royal Decree `establishing a temporary financial interpretation of the Mandatory insurance for medical care in the costs of special protection measures Materials, in the context of the COVID-19 Pandemie 'On 3 September 2020, the Council of State, Department of Legislation, is by the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health, and of Asylum and Migration requested to provide a period of five working days an advice on a draft Royal Decree `tot determination of a temporary financial intervention of the compulsory insurance for medical provision of the costs of special protection measures and materials, in the context of the COVID-19Pandemie '. Design was investigated by the second holiday room on September 10, 202 0. The Chamber Was composed of Pierre Vandernoot, Chamber President, Patrick Ronvaux and Christine Horevoets, State Councils, and Béatrice Drapier, clerk. The report was published by Anne-Stéphanie Renson, Deputy Auditeur. was checked under the supervision of pierre vandendoot. The advice, the text of which follows below, was given on 10 September 2020. According to article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws `on the Council of State ', coordinated on January 12 ,1973 , in the request for advice in particular, the reasons must be given to support the urgent character. intervention in the costs of special protection measures and materials in the framework of the COVID-19 Pandemie quickly to secure the ZOR Governers, since no amount can be charged to the beneficiary since 4 May2020 "Since the advice request is served on the basis of Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws `on the Council of State ', coordinated on January 12, 1973, the legislation department limits in accordance with Article 84, § 3, of the aforementioned coordinated laws its investigation into the legal basis of the draft, the authority of the author of the action and the prior formal requirements to be fulfilled. What concerns those three points, the design gives rise to the following comments. Articles 71 and 72 of Royal Decree no. 20 of 13 May 2020 `containing temporary measures in the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie and for securing the continuity of care in the compulsory insurance for medical care '. from27 March 2020 `That authorization grants the king to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 (II) '. In accordance with Article 7, second and third paragraph, of that Act, Disklijk Decree must be ratified by law within a period of one year from its entry into force; otherwise it will never have been elaborated. fact that, if the Royal Decree no. 20 would not have been ratified by law within the period stipulated in Article 7 of the aforementioned law of 27 March2020, the designed decision would also have been deemed to have never had an effect.2. With various provisions of the Present design are regulatory powers delegated The leading official of the Department for Medical Care of the National Institute for Sickness and Invalidity Insurance. It is in principle not permissible that regulatory authority is dedicated to an official who does not bear a democratic meeting, a democratic meeting, Because with that k is done to the principle of the unit of regulatory power and to the principle of the political responsibility of the ministers. If it concerns measures that have a limited and technical scope, such a disease can be accepted. The determination of the (additional) 3 Rules for the payment of the financial intervention, referred to in Article 4, can be considered as a measure with a limited and purely technical scope, but that does not apply to the establishment of the rules regarding the submission of the application for financial intervention referred to in Article 5, §4, first and second paragraph.4, or, the rules in question are determined in the design decree itself, or the authorizations granted to the the provisions of the official in the present provisions are replaced by authorizations granted to the competent minister, together that than will be announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. article 5, § 4, first n second paragraph, must therefore be revised.3. In the present draft, multiple differences are discussed that must be justified with regard to the principle of equality and non-discrimination. In response to a request for an explanation of this, the powerfulness of this given the minister the following accountability:- for the fact that there are none Financial intervention for medical benefits charged by a hospital, with the exception of "psychological care granted by clinical psychologists and clinical remedial educationalists in the context of the agreements closed on the basis of Article 22, 6 ° bis of the Mandatory Insurance for Medical Provisions and Benes , coordinated on July 14, 1994 "(Article 2, fourth paragraph):« La Questiondu Financement du Matériel The Protection Pour Les Soins Facturés Par Les Hôpitaux A Vocation à être régléepar d'Arres Dispositions adoptées Sur Base de La article 101 de La Coordonnée du 10 Juillet 2008 -Sur Les Hôpitaux et Autres établissements the soins tel que modifié par l'Ar n ° 8 du 19 Avril 2020 Modifiantl'article 101 de la loi coordonnée du 10 juillet 2008 sur les hôpitaux et authes établissements de soinstant compt the l'Ar n ° 19 Avril 2020 L'OcCtroi, Les Modalités De Répartition et Deliquidation d'Unne Avance Aux Hôpitaux Généraux Dans Le Cadre de l'épidmie de Coronavirus COVID-13PAR L'Ar Royal N ° 10 Du 2020 Modifiant L'Arkté 7 2020 19 19 Avril 2020 Permettant L'OcCtroi, Les Modalités De Répartition et de Liquidation d'Une Avance Aux Hôpitaux Généraux Dans Le Cadre de l'Epidmiede Coronavirus Covid-19The exclusion of clinical psychologists and orthopedagogues clinicians predicted by this exception is explained by the specific invoicing circuit provided for invoicing of first -line psychology care carried out by clinical psychologists and orthopedagoguesclinicians and which are reimbursed by the care insurance Health via agreements concluded on the basis of article 22, 6 ° bis de la LSSI. Indeed, this invoicing circuit provides that the hospital operates Lafactory to insurer organizations for clinical psychologists and orthopedagogues. Psychologists and clinical orthopedagogues therefore have no choice but to invoice via the hospital and even if the reimbursed the reimbursed are not carried out in the hospital. This circuit has been planned to allow the appropriate controls to be operated. Not predicting this exception would amount to depriving these categories of any intervention ”.- Voor Het Feit dat Voor de Tandheelkundigen, from Artsen-Specialistenin of Otorhinolaryngology in Artsen-Specialisten in Stomatology Een Hogere Finish TissenkomstGeldt Dan Voor of Andere Zorgverlers Bedoeld in Artikel (Artikel 3): “The increase in financial intervention for dental art practitioners, doctors-specialists in ot-rhino-laryngology and doctors-specialists in stomatology is justified by the fact that these dispensators are by the lanature of their Specialties called to get in touch with the patient's mouth and nose. Actors that increase the risk of contact with the virus and therefore require complementary protective measures, it was considered appropriate to increase the intervention for these categories not to be treated similar to the dispensators who were vocation, by the nature of the acts they are led to perform, bir substantially higher costs to protect yourself. "- Voor het feitdat twee revalidatientra niet in aanmerking komen voor de financial tissenkomst (artikel 5, §1, dede LID):" The two centers have a capacity that far exceeds that of the other of rehabilitation: * 116 patients for clear valleys * 160 patients for zeepreventoriUnumenment with the other rehabilitation centers not integrated in a hospital and having concluded a convention convention with the insurance committee in execution of article 22, 6 ° of the Coordinated law of July 14, 1994, the situation of clear centers Vallons and Zeepreventorium is a particular situation which implies their expenses for protective equipment are significantly higher than expenses in the other centers. This is why the goal is to develop a specific measure for the intervention vis-à-vis these two centers in the costs of specific protection measures and equipment within the framework of the pandemic of COVID-19. Indeed, the Situation of clear centers valleys and zeepreventorumest different from the situation of other referred to centers. Clear valons and zeepreventoriums are centers with a very large capacity (116 and 160 patients per day respectively) who admit almost all their patients in boarding school formula (24 hours a day), while the other rehabilitated rehabilitation are centers, are centers With a clearly lower daily reception capacity that only see ambulatory patients who stay a maximum of a few hours in these centers. Up to these differences, granting them a financial intervention of € 500 would return to the identical way of the centers being in a fundamentally Different ". -val Het Feit Dat, Voor Sommige Zorgverleners, Vermeld in Artikel 5, § 2, een Package FinanstSsenkomst Geldt, Tegenover Een Finish Tissenkomst Per" Patiëntencontact "Voor de Andere Zorgverleners, Vermeld in Artikel 2:" of individual care, it has been decided to take into account a number of contacts-captains To allow not to intervene for remote services that did not require protective measures and materials and not to intervene for the dispensers who would not have performed any or quasi-secular service during the period referred to. . Providers who welcome patients in a space open to the public), it was considered that it was the fact that it remained available for patients (open pharmacy, ...) which had imposed the adoption of measures of protection. This opening has caused fixed costs (plexiglass placement, ground markings, ...) which are of a different nature from those which have been made by individual dispensers. So that the number of contact-patient seemed less relevant element trigger and that using this criterion would have returned to deal with identical ways fundamentally differentPour les diététiciens, les ergothérapeutes et les podologues (Professions paramédicales), un Forfait Mensuel réduit par report au maximum prévu pour les Dispensateursa été choisi à la demande des santeurs (Comité de lec qusec Professors Réalisent de Nombruses Prestations Qui Ne Sont Pas Prévues par La Nomenclature ». Heltop The numerous differences mentioned above, it is strongly recommended to take these accountable to the King, which must be added to the present draft decision. The French inscription must be replaced by the words "des Mesures the Protection Spécifiqueset du Matériel" the words "des Mesures et dumatériel the Protection Spéciaux" for the agricultural decision in Article 71, first -line, of the Royal Decree no. 20. The same comment applies to Article 1. Aanhef1. de Wet `concerning d e Mandatory insurance for medical care and benefits', coordinating top 14 July 1994, strictly speaking, does not grant a legal basis to the designed decision. That is not mentioned in the preamble, but it can be reported in a consideration.2.Degistener van de Minister agrees that in the third paragraph the date of "8 June 2020" is replaced by the date of "8 July 2020". The third party and the fourth paragraph must therefore be exchanged by place so that the chronological order is taken into account . In addition, the procedure to consult the Budget Control Committee on Viavideoconference has expired, referred to in the member in which it is referred to in the advice of that body that this advice was given in application of Article 2, first paragraph, of the Royal decision no. 20.5 The same applies with regard to the advice of the Insurance Committee concerning forecast care, since the Minister's authorized representative has also confirmed that the procedure for consultation of that Committee has been done via video conference.3. The five -member member must be supplemented with the report of the date on which the Finance Inspector has given his advisory. The sixth paragraph must be supplemented with the report of the date on which the Minister of Budget was approved. Dispositive article 1het word " "Must be omitted, since there are no other rules with regard to the provision of the financial intervention than those that are determined in the present draft. Article2 The third paragraph stipulates that" [d] e financial intervention (...) only [can] granted the benefits were granted in the physical presence of the patient and the care provider ". A question in that regard, the representative of the minister answered the following:" Demanière Générale, Les Prestations Par l'Assurance Soins de Santé Doivent Avoir Lieu and prescription patient et du dispensateur. Dans le Cadre de la Pandémie, des Prestations Spécifiques `à distance'ont toutefois été Instaurées par les Articles 8 et Suivants de l'Ar n ° 20 The Sorte qu'il était Importanted Préciser Que Ces Prestations N'étaiTent PasaTent Pasentent's Prestations Pourront être Identifiéspar Les Organisms Assureurs Puisqu'elles font l'Abjet d'Une Tarification séparée via un autre code denomenclature ou s'accompagnent d'Arcompagnent d'Arpompagnent lors de la invoice. , that, as it is recommended above, it should be added to the awarding draft. Article 31. Since the present design relates to various financial intervention, it should be done for the sake of the legal certainty Article 3 that it concerns the financial intervention referred to in Article 2 The same remark applies, mutatis mutandis, to Article 4.2. The word "calendar month" must be replaced by the word "month". After all, there is no reason to speak of "calendar month" in the text: when a term is expressed in months, it is automatically "calendar months". 6th the same remark applies to Article 5, § 1, second paragraph, § 2, second paragraph, and § 3, second member. Article 41. To the question of the scope of the words "on an intermutualistic way", the representative of the minister has the following geantwoord:« La mention `de façonintermutualiste' a pour objectif qu'un seul paiement soit effectué à chaque dispensateur au moyen d'uneprocédure concertée entre les organismes assureurs et après regroupement des informations de facturationreçues par les différents organismes assureurs pour pouvoir vérifier les plafonds prévus par La Rélementation ». It is advisable to include explanation in the report to the king, which, as is recommended here, should be added to the present design.2Article4 stipulates that the insurance institutions pay the financial intervention at the latest on 31 December 2020. With the in view of those payments, it is determined that "[D] E insurance institutions (...) a joint counter [keeping] the number of patient contacts on the basis of Elkezorguard provider of the data on which they have on October 31, 2020 ". The question arises as to what is happening with the payment of the financial intervention for the reimbursable medical benefits that were made between 4 May 2020 and 31augustus 2020, but for which patients no application on 31 October 2020 would have a reimbursement of a repayment served by their health insurance fund.7 In principle, financial intervention is owed in principle in accordance with Article 2. The regulation provided for in the present design can lead to some care providers getting the financial intervention owed by the circumstance - to which they have no hold - that their patients have not submitted their form for intervention within the period specified in the draft period for intervention Their health insurance fund. Such a regulation is not acceptable in the light of the equality and non-discrimination principle and must be revised accordingly. Article 51. In paragraph 1, first paragraph, the full inscription of the coordinated law of 14 July 1994 must be stated "Regarding the compulsory insurance for medical care and benefits" .2. in paragraph 2, second paragraph, the word "medical" must be inserted between the word "reimbursable" and the word "benefits" .3. The minister's authorized representative agrees that in paragraph4, second paragraph, the words "at the latest on December 31, 2020" must be inserted between the word "becomes" and the words "to the triage and purchase center" in the Dutch Text Schrijve Menuigens "referred to in paragraph 3" Instead of "referred to in paragraph 3". article 71.The first paragraph stipulates that the present design "will be out of operation [will be on August 31, 2020". Presented draft NSS that date of obligations are imposed on the insurance institutions, namely the obligation to keep a joint counter of the number of patient contacts on the basis of the data they have on 31 October 2020, as well as the obligation to pay the financial interventions owed at the latest on 31 December 2020 TEBETALEN. According to the logic of the first paragraph of the present article, those obligations on those dates will no longer have a legal basis, since the designed Royal Decree will have taken out of action. The same applies to the applications for financial intervention referred to in Article5, §§ 4 and 5, which can only be submitted as soon as the further rules established, that is to say on a date on which the designed Royal Decree will be out of effect. To be that the financial interventions can only relate to the intended period, namely from 4 May 2020 to 31 August 2020. The provision must be revised accordingly.2. In the second paragraph, the King grants himself one -authorization. Such self -authorization is meaningless and must be omitted. Deroffier, Béatrice Drapierde Chairman, Pierre Vandernoot __________cates 1op. of various other Royal Special Female Decisions, adopted with the application of the aforementioned law of 27 March 2020 - for advice was submitted to the Legislation Department of the Council of State. Advice 67.578/1-2-3 was issued on 3 July 2020 (http://www.raadvst-consetat.be/dbx/adviezen/67578.pdf).2de articles 4 (adoption of the further rules for the payment of the payment of the payment the financial intervention) EN5, § 4, first and second paragraph (adoption of the further rules to request a financial intermission). 3 In Article 4, certain rules for payment are already laid down: the payment is "in an intermutualistic manner" (by a legal person designated by the insurance institutions), "at the latest on December 31, 2020" and "Based on the data that [the insurance institutions] have on October 31, 2020" .4 see advice 66.289/2, on 24 in that sense June 2019 given agreed draft that led to the Royal Decree of 17 August 2019 `to determine the conditions the further rules in accordance with which the compulsory insurance for medical care and benefits provides a financial allowance to the VERRE Foster experts for the use of telematics the electronic management of files' (http://www.raadvst-consetat.be/dbx/adviezen/66289.pdf). 5zie in that sense Advice 67697/2, given on 7 July 2020 on a draft that led to the Royal Decree of 20 July 2020 `to implementing Articles 47, § 1 and 51, § 5 of the Royal Decree N ° 20 of 13 May 2020 containing temporary measures In the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemaemen to ensure the continuity of care in the compulsory insurance for medical care '(http://www.raadvst-consetat.be/dbx/adviezen/67697.pdf) .6 See in the same Sentence advice 28.129/4, given on 8 March 1999 on a draft that led to the decision of the Brussels -Capital Executive Agency of 6 May 1999 `containing the administrative status and the remuneration scheme of the officials of the Ministry of the Brussels -Capital Region '(HTTP: //www.raadvst-consetat.be/dbx/adviezen/28129.pdf) and advice 33.745/4, given on 30 October 2002 on a preliminary draft that led to the framework decree of 10 April 2003 `concerning the recognition and subsidization of the Professional sector of the Podium arts' (http://www.raadvst-consetat.be/dbx/adviezen/33745.pdf). See analogy principles of the legislative technology manual for drawing up legislative and regulatory texts, www.raadvanstate.be, tab "legislative technology", recommendation 95, a) .7 in accordance with Article 174 of the Act `concerning the compulsory insurance for medical care and benefits', coordinated on July 14, 1994, patients have a period of two years to submit their medical certificates to their health insurance fund.30 September 2020. - Royal Decree establishing a temporary financial intervention of the medical care insurance policy in the costs of special protection measures Materials, in the context of the COVID-19 Pandemevilip, King of the Belgians, on Affairs that are now and will hereinafter refer to our regards. the COVID-19 Pandemie and for insurance of the continuity of care in the mandatory Insurance for Medical Care, Articles71 and 72; Having regard to the advice of the Committee of the Medical Care Insurance, given on 29 June 2020 in application of Article 2, first paragraph, of the aforementioned Royal Decree no. 20; Having; Having On the agreement of the Minister of Budget, given on 2 September 2020; in view of the request for emergency treatment, motivated by the fact that it is necessary to the modalities of the temporary financial intervening intervention in the costs of special protection measures and materials in the context of the COVID -19pandemie can be secured quickly for the care providers, since since 4 May 2020 no amount can be charged to the right holder; in view of the advice no. 67,983/2/V of the Council of State, given on 10 September 2020, with application of article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the Law of the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973; EXIECUR CARE AND BENDIONS, coordinated on July 14, 1994; on the nomination of the Minister of Social Affairs, we have decided and we decide: article1. This decision establishes the rules according to which the compulsory insurance for medical care provides temporary financial intervention on the costs of special protection measures and materials, in the context of the COVID-19 Pandemie.Art. 2. the compulsory insurance for medical delivery provides the following care providers a financial intervention per patient contact for which reimbursable medical provision was certified: 1 ° Doctors; 2 ° physiotherapists; 3 ° clinical orthopedagogues; 4 ° clinical psychologists; 6 ° dental thesis; 7 ° Midwives. For the application of this Decree, "reimbursable medical provision" is understood to mean: a medical provision that is reimbursed by the compulsory insurance for medical care and benefits, with the exception of the medical provisions referred to in Article 8 of the Annex to the Royal Decree of September 14, 1984 to the nomenclature of the medical benefits regarding mandatory insurance and benefits insurance policy. Financial intervention can only be granted as the benefits were granted in the physical presence of the patient and the care VIE rlener.definancial intervention is not due for the medical benefits that are charged a hospitalThis exception does not apply to psychological care granted clinical psychologists and clinical remedial educationalists in the context of the agreements concluded on the basis of Article 22, 6 ° bis, of the Mandatory Insurance for Medical Care Benes, coordinated on July 14, 1994. Art. 3. The financial intervention referred to in article 2 is 2.50 euros per patient contact. For dentists, the Doctors specialists in Otorhinolaryngology and the Docators specialists in stomatology, the financial intervention 20.00 euros per patient contact is. The financial intervention is granted a maximum of 200 times per month per healthcare provider.Art. 4. The insurance institutions pay the financial intervention in Article 2 in an intermutualistic manner and at the latest on December 31, 2020. The insurance institutions keep a joint counter for each healthcare provider of the number of patient contacts on the basis of the data they have on 31 October 2020. The insurance institutions point out the legal person who will make the payments for their account. The leading official of the Department for Medicine Provision of the National Institute for Sickness and Invalidity Insurance may be the Further Rules in relevant that payment. For the financial intervention referred to in Article 2, the care provider referred to in Article 2 must be considered no later than 30 November on 30 November 2020 to be an account number registered in the web application of the Riziv.art. 5. §1. The compulsory insurance for medical care provides financial intervention for Elkevoor The public opened pharmacy and every medical house, as well as for each location unit in Article I.2, 16 °, of the Economic Law Code where provisions are granted are the competence of The bandagists, the orthopedists, the hearing care professionals or the opticians enelk rehabilitation center that is not integrated into a hospital and that has an ongoing agreement with the insurance committee in implementation of Article 22, 6 °, of the Mandatory Insurance for Medical Care and Benes, Coordinated on July 14, 1994. The Financiëletroepraking referred to in the first paragraph is 500 euros per month. Only one financial intervention per month is due per location unit. The financial intervention is not due for the rehabilitation centers Center Médical Pédiatrique Clairs Vallons Asblons Asbl and Zeeprevigentorium Medical Pediatric Center Mucoviscidosis-Revalidation Center vzw. § 2. The mandatory insurance for medical provision provides financial intervention for the dietitians, the occupational therapists, the orthoptisten the podologists. The financial intervention referred to in the first paragraph is 100 euros per monthly times that were granted reimbursable medical benefits. The first paragraph is eligible, for the account number referred to in the first paragraph at the latest on 30 November 2020, an account number must be registered in the application for this purpose of the RIZIV. § 3. The compulsory insurance for medical care provides financial intervention for each triage and purchase center as referred to in Title 4, Chapter2, of the Royal Decree No. 20 of 13 May 2020 containing temporary measures in the fight against COVID-13 Pandemie and Ter Insurance for the continuity of care in the mandatory insurance for the foreclosure care. The financial intervention referred to in the first paragraph is 500 europer month. § 4. The insurance institutions pay the financial intervention in paragraphs 1 and 2 in an intermutualistic manner and at the latest on 31 December 2020. The insurance institutions are the legal person to make the payments for their account. The Minister competent pre-social matters can determine the rules regarding the submission of an application for financial intervention. Definancial intervention referred to in paragraph 3 will be paid to the Triage and Affairs Center at the latest on 31 December 2020 by the Medical Care Service of the National Institute for Illness -Ot disability insurance. The Minister competent for social affairs can determine the rules regarding submitting an application for financial intervention.art. 6. Articles 62 to 64 of the Royal Decree No. 20 of 13 May 2020 containing temporary measures in the fight against COVID-19 Pandemie and to ensure the continuity of care in the mandatory insurance for the forecast care will be out of operation on 31 August 2020. Art. 7. The financial intervention in Articles 2 and 5 can only relate to the period from 4 May 2020 to 31 August2020.Art. 8. This decision has effect from 4 May 2020.Art. 9The Minister of Social Affairs for Social Affairs is responsible for implementing this decision in Brussels, 30 September 2020.Filip van Koningswege: the Minister of Social Affairs Envolks Health, m.De Block