Publication: 2020-04-02Numac: 2020040752Federal Public Service Financien27 March 2020.-Royal Decree to record the model of the Personal Tax Declaration Form for the tax year 2020 (1) Filip, King of the Belgians, are on all and below, ours Greeting the Code of Income Taxes1992, Article 307, § 1, replaced by the law of 25 December 2017; Having regard to the law of the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, Article 3, § 1; Having regard to urgent needs , Through the scanning, the executive administration may be authorized to establish the income and other data specified by the taxpayer in the calculation programs. A strict minimum is limited. For that reason The declaration form for the tax year 2020 consists of the following parts: a) for taxpayers who only enter part 1: 1 ° a part with the inscription "Preparation of the declaration - part 1" that has been adjusted in function of the own tax rules of the Region in which the taxpayer is located and that contains all necessary entries that make the taxpayer possible to correctly enter the part stated in 2 °; 2 ° the declaration form (part 1 and 2) that will be scanned and a summary forms the data from the preparatory form - part 1. Only this part must be returned to the service prevents the aforementioned declaration form; b) for taxpayers who fill in both part 1: 1 ° a part with the inscription "Preparation of the declaration - part1 "that has been adjusted in function of the own tax rules of the region in which the taxpayed i s and that contains all the necessary entries that make it possible for the taxpayer to fill in 3 ° part correctly; 2 ° a component with the inscription "Preparation of the declaration - part 2" that contains all the necessary entries that the taxpayer makes it possible to make it in 3 ° the aforementioned part to be correctly filled in; 3 ° the declaration form (part 1 and 2) that will be scanned and that is a summary of the data from the preparatory form 1 and part 2. Only this part must be returned to the service that occurs on the aforementioned declaration form;- this decision must therefore be taken urgently; on the wealth of the Vice-first minister and Minister of Finance, we have decided and decided: Article 1. The model of the personal income tax return form for the tax year2020 is in The appendix to this Decree laid down. This form consists of three parts: 1 ° a part with the inscription "Preparation of the declaration - part 1 "that adjustment is adjusted in function of the own tax rules of the region in which the taxpayer is located that contains all necessary entries to correctly fill in the part stated in 3 °; 2 ° a part with the inscription" Preparation of the declaration - part 2 "that all necessary features to be correctly filled in the part stated in 3 °; 3 ° a part with the inscription" Declaration in the personal income tax (part 1 and 2) "that must be returned to the service that Prevent the aforementioned declaration form.art. 2. The minister who is competent for finance is taxed with the implementation of this decision in Brussels, 27 March 2020.filipvanoningsweight: the Vice-first minister and Minister of Finance, a. De Croo __________well (1) References to the Belgian Official Gazette: Code of Income Taxes 1992, Coordinated by Royal Decree of 10 April 1992, Belgian Official Gazette of 30 July 1992. Act of December 25 ,2017, Belgian Official Gazette of December 29, 2017.wetten on the Council of State , Coordinated additional liability decision of 12 January 1973, Belgian Official Gazette of 21 March 1973. Before consulting the table, see image seen by our decision of 27 March 2020.Filipvan Koningswege: The Vice-Teerminister and Minister of Finance, A . De Croo for the consultation of the table, see image vu pour être annexé à Notre arrêtédu 27 mars 2020.philippePar le roi: le vice-prime minister ministre et miniSdes fines, a. De CrooPublication: 2020-04-03numac: 20200408888888888888888federal Public Service Finance27 March 2020.-Royal Decree to update the KB/WIB 92 on the withholding tax Report of the Koningsire, the provisions of Article 105, Eerstid, 1 ° of the KB. /WIB 92 currently read as follows: "1 ° under" Financial Institutions ofmede equated companies, except those that were set in liquidation before 1 January 1990 ": a) The credit institutions established in Belgium referred to in the status of and supervision Act on decking institutions of 22 March 1993 as well as the National Bank of Belgium; [...] e) the capitalization companies that fall under the application of the Royal Decree No 43 of 15 December 1934 on the control of capitalization companies; f) the in Belgium established mortgage banks that fall under the application of Royal Decree No 225 of 7 January 1936 in regulations of the mortgage loans and to design the control of the companies of mortgage loans or subject to the law of 4 August 1992 on the mortgage credit; g) the companies that are exclusively or mainly the financing on installment and fall under the application of the law of 12 June 1991 on the consumer credit; h) the local trading companies and the regional or professional associations of these companies, which provide the status of the National Cash for Professional Credit credit for craft outillationogists; i) the Belgian insurance companies that are domestic companies and Belgian establishments of foreign insurance companies; J) The national investment company and the regional investment companies that fall under the application of the law of 2 April 1962 establishing a national investment company and of regional investment companies; k) the companies Or housing credit being the Flemish housing company, the Société Régionale Wallonne du Logement, the Brussels regional housing company, the Flemish Landmaatschappij and the companies they recognized, the cooperative companies "Flemish home fund of the big families", "Housing Fund of the Bond der Krooststrijke families of Belgium "," Fondsdu Logement des Familles Nombreuses de Wallonie "and" Housing Fund of the families of the Brussels Region ", as well as the Brussels -Capital Region or the Walloon Region has only been aimed stand for building, purchasing or furnishing social housing, small land property or with equal houses, or for the equipment of with suitable furniture; ". These provisions each contain referrals to elected provisions. As a result, an update of these provisions is imposed on.a) art. 105, Primary, 1 °, a), KB/WIB 92 in Article 105, first paragraph, 1 °, a), KB/WIB 92 is currently referred to by the law of 22 March 1993 on the status of and the supervision of the Credit institutions. This referral is, however, outdated, since this law has since been canceled and is currently being replaced by the law of 25 April 2014 on the status of and the supervision of credit institutions. As a result, this draft aims to replace the existing reference to the aforementioned Act of 22 March 1993 with the reference to the aforementioned law of 25 April 2014.Art.105, first paragraph, 1 °, e), KB/WIB 92Thet Royal Decree of 20 March 2007 implementation of Article 27bis of the Royal Decree No 43 of 15 December 1934 on the check on decapitory firms, the aforementioned Royal Decree No. 43 with elaboration from 31 December 2007. The status of the capitalization companies was therefore lifted more than ten years ago and the Transitional provisions provided for with this cancellation have since been extinguished. As a result, it is advisable to lift the reference to it.Art. 105, first paragraph, 1 °, f) - g), KB/WIB 92The Royal Decree no. 225 of 7 January 1936 to regle the mortgage releases and to design the control of the companies of mortgage loans, as well as the law of 4 August 1992 on the mortgage credit, were canceled by Article 53 of the 19APRIL 2014 Law containing book VII "Payment and Credit Services" in the Code of Economic Right, containing the definitions specific to Book VII and of the penalties for the infringements Opboek VII, in the books I and XV of the Code of Economic Law and containing various other provisions. The statute of the credit providers on mortgage credit was integrated into the Economic Law Code. This provision is adjusted by referring to the included in that Code relevant articlesThe law of 12 June 1991 on the consumer credit was also canceled by Article 53 of the aforementioned Act of 19 April 2014. The status of the lender on consumer credit was integrated together with the statute of the lenders concerning mortgage credit in the Economic Law Code. As a result, it was opted for this to handle it jointly in the KB/WIB 92.Art.105, first paragraph, 1 °, h), KB/WIB 92 force of the Royal Decree of 23 December1996 amending the law of 17 June 1991 Organizing the public credit sector and the possession of the participations of the public sector in certain private law financial companies of various other provisions, regarding the National Cash Credit, the credit associations that have been joined for the network of the professional credit are no longer subject to the supervisory authority of the prudential type of NV Professional credit. Since then, this authority has only been exercised by the Authority for Financial Services and Markets (FSMA). These associations therefore fall under Hett application area of ​​the law of 25 April 2014 on the status of and the supervision of credit institutions for exhibition companies. This provision has therefore become superfluous so that it can be canceled .Art.105, first paragraph, 1 °, J), KB/WIB 92er is proposed to, the reference to the National Investment Company and the Regional Investment Companies, to act on the part of the amended Caption of the Law of 2 April 1962 on the federal participation and investment company and on the other hand with the jurisdiction of the Flemish Decree of 7 May 2004 concerned investment companies.art. 105, first paragraph, 1 °, K), KB/WIB 92Thet Landschap van de Social Housing has been thoroughly changed since the last adjustment of Article 105 KB/WIB 92, which requires an update of this provision. mentioned companies or settings changed its name. For example, the Flemish housing company was formed to the Flemish Society for Social Living, and the names of the Flemish Housing Fund of the Great Families and the Société Régionale Wallonne du Logement were easily abbreviated to the Flemish Housing Fund and the Société Wallonne Du Logement. Housing Fund of the Bond der Kroostrijke families of Belgium, which has since merged into its regional legal successors as a result of the regionalization of the housing authority. As a result, it is no longer necessary to mention it explicitly. In addition, the Walloon regional has set up a new public law company, in particular the Société Wallonne du Crédit Social, which aims to grant social mortgage and other credits. It is therefore necessary to explicitly state this newly established company. In addition, this provisional director must be taken into account of some policy changes. For example, the Flemish Housing Code adapted the new local housing companies since this adjustment has been made by the Flemish Government Wantenskent and therefore no longer by the Flemish Society for Social Living. In the Flemish Region, the authority was subsequently delegated to the Energiehuizen to meet energy loans in favor of determined social groups. The new Société Wallonne du Crédit Socialnuw also works in the Walloon Region with local partners who can conclude credits on its own initiative. Since this also belong to the scope of this provision, it is necessary to make the description of this. The aim is to provide for an offer of social loans.art.116, KB/WIB 92 In Connection Advice 66,916/3 of the Council of State, the amendment to Article 116, 2 °, KB/WIB 92, in the draft, will be deleted in order to to maintain the budget-neutral nature of this Royal Decree. Subsequently, following this advice, the advice of the Inspector of Finance and the agreement finding of the Minister of Budget was requested and obtained. Van Your Majesty, the very respectful and very faithful servant, Device-first minister and Minister of Finance, a. De CroOadvies 66916/3 of 13 February 2020 on a draft Royal Decree `to update the KB/WIB 92 enforcing withholding tax 'on January 16, 2020, the Council of State, Division of Finance, was requested by Deminister of Finance within a period of thirty days a one advice to provide a design of Royal Decree `to update the KB/WIB 92 on the withholding tax '. The design was examined by the Third Chamber on 11 February 2020. The Chamber was composed of Jo Baert, Chamber President, Jeroen van Nieuwenhove and Koen Muylle, State Councils, Jan Velaers and Bruno Peeters, Assessors, and Astrid Truyens, Registrar. The report was published by Frédéric Vanneste, first auditor. Division between the French and the Dutch text of the advice has been checked under the Supervision ofjo Baert, Chamber President's Advice, of which the text follows, was given on 13 February2020. The OM's design of Royal Decree is only the following O make pakinge.1. In one of the preamble in the preamble of the design it is stated "that this decision itself has no budgetary impact". However, the draft implements Article266 of the Code of Income Taxes 1992 (hereinafter: WIB 92), which deals with the renovation of the withholding tax. Insofar as it is intended to add references to Articles 285 and 288 in Article 116, 2 °, of the Royal Decree of 27 August 1993 `for the implementation of the Income Taxes1992 'Code (hereinafter: KB/WIB 92) to Articles 285 and 288 of the WIB 92, Enaldus the renunciation of the withholding tax with regard to the income stated in Articles 17 and 90, first paragraph, 6 ° and 11 °, of the WIB 92, other than dividends of Belgian earsprong, also applicable To be made on income granted to institutional orders and institutional Bevaks granted, it has a financial impact. Pursuant to Articles 5 and 14 of the Royal Decree of 16 November 1994, concerning the administrative and budget control ', it will therefore be subject to the advice of the Finance Inspector and to the prior agreement finding of the Minister whose authority belongs to the budget. The following must be reported from the fulfillment of those formal requirements in the prayer.2. The preamble has four members in which an account is given for taking the decision, while a report is also added to the King in the design. That unnecessarily weakens the salutation and, moreover, is not very useful, since Disswesping from that report must be apparent (1). The considerations included in the salutation must then also be canceled. The clerk, a. Truyensde Chairman, J.Baert _______ bill (1) Principles of the legislative technology - manual for the preparation of legislative and regulatory texts, Council of State, 2008, no. 39, to be consulted the website of the Council of State (www.raadvst-cesetat.be ) .27 March2020. - Royal Decree to update the KB/WIB 92 regarding the withholding tax film, King of the Belgians, to all who are now and will hereinafter refer to our regards. 92; In view of the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on 28 February 2020; Having regard to the agreement finding of the Minister of Budget, given on 20 March 2020; Having regard to advice No 66,916/3 of the Council of State given on 13 February 2020 In application of Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 2 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973; on the nomination of the Vice-first minister and the Minister of Finance, we decided and we decide :Article 1In Article 105, first paragraph, 1 °, of the KB/WIB 92, the following changes are made: 1) In the provision under a), the words "The Statute and the Supervision Act of the Credit Settings of 22 March 1993" will be replaced By the words "the law of 25 April 2014 on the status of and the supervision of credit institutions and listed companies"; 2) the determination below) is canceled; 3) The provision under f) is replaced as follows: "F) Dein Belgium established crediters with regard to mortgage credit and credits regarding consumer credit when applying book VII, Title 4, Chapter 4, Sections 2 and 3, of the Economic Law Code, are authorized to eliminate the company of Consumer Credit or credit on the Belgian territory on the Belgian territory practice; "; 4) The provision under g) is being held; 5) The provision under h) is lifted; 6) The provision under j) is replaced as follows:" J) The federal participation and investment mazed follows and the regional investment company under the law of 2 April 1962 on the federal participation and investment company and the regional investment companies fall, as well as those under the Flemish Decree of 7 May2004 on the investment companies of the Flemish government; "7) The provision below K ) is replaced as follows: "K) The following companies for Housing Credit: -the Flemish Society for Social Housing, the Société Wallonne Du Logement, the Brussels regional housing company, the Flemish Land Agency and the local social housing companies they -- The Flemish Housing Fund, the Société Wallonnu Crédit Social, the Fonds du Logement des Familles Nombreuses de Wallonie and the Housing Fund of the Brussels-Capital Region, as well as the Brussels Capital Regional Reg or the Walloon Region Received Companies or institutions that aim to allow loans for the purchase of a building land, for the purchase, building, renovating, renovating or designing a family home, as well as for its equipment with suitable furniture or for the implementation of energy -saving measures; "; Art. 2. The minister is responsible for finance with the implementation of this Decree in Brussels, 27 March 2020.filipvanoningweight: the Vice-first Minister and Minister of Finance, a. De CrooPublication: 2020-05-08Numac: 2020040952Brussels-Capital Region26 March 2020.-Decree of the Brussels-Capital Government containing delegation of powers on the placement, award and implementation of public procurement with regard to the Bonnected project to some leading officials of the Brussels government service (Brussels Regional Government Service GOB) and of the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation (GOBF) in view of Articles 3 and 39 of the Constitution, coordinated by the law of 17 February 1994; Having regard to Articles 68 and 69 of the Special Law of 8augustus 1980 for the reform of the institutions, as amended by the Special Law of 16 January 1989 relevant the financing of the communities and regions, the special law of 16 July 1993 to complete the federal state structure, the special law of 13 July 2001 on the transfer of various powers to the regions and communities and the communities and the communities and the communities and the communities and the communities and the communities The special law of January 6, 2014 with Betre King to the sixth state reform; in view of Articles 36 and 38 of the Special Act of 12 January 1989 with regard to the Brussels institutions, as amended by the Special Act of 16 July 1993 completing the federal state structure, the special law of 13 July2001 containing transfer of various powers to the regions and communities and the special law of 6 January 2014 with regard to the sixth state reform; Having regard to the Special Act of 16 January 1989 on the financing of the Communities and the Regions, amended by the Special Act of 16 July 1993 to complete the federal state structure and the special law of 6 January 2014 to reform the financing of the communities and regions, to expand the tax autonomy of the regions and to finance the new powers; having regard to the decision of the Brussels -Capital Government of July 22, 2019 establishing the Distribution in the powers between the ministers of the Brussels -Capital Government; in view of the decision of the Brussels -Capital Government of 18 July 2000, regulating its working -on the regulation of the signing of the government's deeds; on the recommendation of the Finance Minister, Budget, Public office, promotion of multilingualism and of the image of Brussels; predominantly size of the project Bonnected and the need to provide for specific and appropriate delegations of powers; predominantly the strict retroblanning that applies to the project and the obligation to move by November 2020 at the latest to a ready -to -use Silver Tower; that the public procurement in question of the progress of the construction of the Silver Tower and thus coordinated must be coordinated; mostly the crisis around the Coronavirus could bring about adjustments in the area of ​​de procedure, the periods and the documents for the actual assignments, which the that the those the necessary freedom of adaptation; after deliberation, decision: Article 1. For the application of this decision is understood by: 1 ° "Decree on regulating the working method and the signing of the government deeds": the decision of the Brussels -Capital Government of 18 July 2000 to regulation of its working method and regulating the signing of the government deeds; 2 ° "Powers on public procurement for works, deliveries and services": the powers delegated to the ministers stated in the decision of the Brussels -Capital Government Totation of the division of the powers between the ministers of in the Brussels-Capital Regulation on the basis of Article 5, 10 ° of the decision to regulate the working method and the signing of the government deeds; 3 ° "leading officials": the Secretary-General of the Brussels regional government and the Director General of the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation; 4 ° "Project Bonnected": all public procurement for works, deliveries and services with regard to the relocation and installation of the Brussels regional service to a single building, location-in-Lazaruslaan in Sint-Joost-ten-Node. Apart from the relocation and the installation, these assignments are in particular the design, realization, design, maintenance, monitoring, the technical and the insurance of the building, the dematerialization of documents, the energy facilities, including the desk, including any consultancy assignments that are necessary to ensure that the performance property runs; 5 ° "GOBF": the regional government service Brussels Taxation.art.2. The government grants delegation of authority to the leading officials for making all necessary decisions regarding the Bonnected project and for signing all the relevant peopleThis competence delegation relates to the following decisions and more general all-decisions that must be made with a view to the choice of the placement and award change of the assignments for the BE Connected project, regardless of the amount of the assignment:- approval of the specifications and order documents; - Selection of the candidates, signing and notification of the reasoned selection decisions;- signing and notification of the reasoning tunnel decision of the assignment;- signing all correspondence in connection with the placement, award and execution of the assignments- placement of orders and signing order vouchers in the case of framework agreements;- recording and liquidation of credits.art.3. All decisions made on the basis of this decision are deemed to have been taken by the leadership officials and all deeds are jointly signed by the two leading officials.art.4. This decision is implemented under the joint responsibility of the Prime Ministers The Minister of Finance, Budget, Public Ambt, Promotion of Multilingualism and the image Vanbrussel.art. 5. On the implementation of this Decree, the leading officials will issue a minimum weekly report to the Prime Minister and the Minister of Finance, Budget, Public Ambt, Promotion Pans Multilingualism and the image of Brussels, who report on the public with each month to the government .6. This decision comes into effect on the day following its announcement in the Belgian Official Gazette.art.7. The Minister of Finance, Budget, Public Ambt, Promotion of Multilingualism and of the image Vanbrussel is responsible for implementing this decision.brussel, March 26, 2020. The Minister's Capital Government, s. Gatzde Prime Minister of the Brussels capital Region, r. HurtPublication: 2020-04-30numac: 2020040954Federal Public Service Finance24 April 2020.-Royal Decree to amend the KB/WIB 92 with regard to the further rules and modalities for submitting the companies that are recognized for temporary work of the in Article 2755, § 4, seventh paragraph, of the 1992 Income Tax Code to the Koningsire, with the Royal Decree of 3 April 2019 amending the KB/WIB 92 with regard to the further rules and modalities for submitting the in Article 2755, § 4, seventh paragraph, of the 1992 Income Tax Code, the rules and modalities were established for submitting the so-called de-minimis statement, which is necessary for the arrangement that of Application is made to the System Course sector in accordance with the De Minimis Regulation (Regulation (EU) No 1407/2013 of the Commis Sie of December 18, 2013 concerning the application of Articles 107 and 108 of the Treaty on the Effect of the European Union on de-minimis support). Article 2755, § 4, sixth paragraph, WIB 92, for example that the companies that are recognized for temporary work are equivalent with the companies referred to in Article 2755, § 4, first paragraph, of the Wib 92, (hereinafter: the companies active in the system shipping) in the event that these companies recognized for temporary work for temporary work are made available to the employment agencies active in the system shipping. The legislator thereby, by analogy with similar measures referred to in Articles 2751,2755, §§ 1-3, 2758 and 2759, WIB 92, to provide for a form of transparency to which an exemption for which a particular employer comes is also appropriate to be on a company that is recognized for temporary employment agencies that makes one or more temporary workers available to the initially intended company. This is therefore aimed at guaranteeing equal treatment between the remuneration that the employer is paid directly by and the remuneration that is indirectly indirect manner of a temporary employment agency is paid. In the aforementioned Royal Decree of 3 April 2019, Werdechter does not clarify what support on the statement should be stated in the event that the exemption is requested by a company recognized for temporary employment agency work at making one or more temporary workers to one in the system Vaart active company. To date, this legal uncertainty is that the companies that are recognized for temporary agency work use this scheme. This design aims to eliminate this legal uncertainty by clarifying the rules and modalities that are recognized for temporary agency work, so that for these companies are removed that previously prevented from using this measure. In analogy with the above mentioned The objective of an unequal treatment in order between the remuneration that is directly affected by a company active in the system canal and on the other hand the remuneration paid by a company recognized for temporary employment labor, this design aims to clarify that in the event that the exemption is requested by an enterprise that is recognized for temporary agency work, the statement referred to in Article 2755, §4, Seventh paragraph, of the CIR, must contain the support of the company active in the system shipping to whom the temporary workers are made available as if they were in the Systemvaartactive Enterprise g itself the application of the exemption referred to in Article 2755, §4, of the WIB 92. This therefore means that if the company is deployed for temporary agency work to several companies active in system canal, this first -mentioned company makes multiple Statements will have to transfer, especially for each company active in the system shipping to whom the company employment agencies recognized for temporary workers make available. Although the freestyle is initially expected from the company that is recognized for temporary agency work, can be expected as a result of Demarktwerking The economic advantage of the exemption will be converted into a reduced cost pricers of the company active in the system shipping to whom the temporary workers are availableSince the companies that are recognized for temporary agency work as a result of the application of this measure are subject to larger administrative burdens, and it must be possible to pass on the costs that are accompanied by this, whether or not to be partly charged to the companies to Wiede temporary workers available to be stated, this design aims to regulate the economic and contractual relationship between these two companies. This is not aligned that it is recommended when concluding the temporary employment contract, concluded between the companies that have been recognized in the system ship Attention to the potential option that my administration has determined the investigation conducted by it that the acting company active in the System Craft does not meet all application conditions. After all, in that case, the incorrectly exempted withholding tax will be reclaimed from its debtor, in this case the company that has made the temporary worker decision and who paid the remuneration of these employees. In addition, it is also advised to include provisions in this contract Fair with information in order to guarantee that the two contracting parties have all the relevant information required to correctly complete the declaration referred to in Article 2755, § 4, Seventh paragraph, WIB 92 and any possible similar future de-minimis statement. In this way, the company active in the system canal to whom the temporary workers must be made available must be informed of any statement that the company that has been recognized has submitted forward -making work as a result of the provision of temporary workers. On the other hand, the company that is recognized for temporary agency work must be informed of any de minimis support the company active in the system shipping or a company that is part of the group of companies to which it belongs to the current taxable era and the two previous tax barTide era has obtained It goes without saying that the lack of this information exchange rate to my administration can be controlled as a accountability for an incorrectly completed statement. Subsequently, the special case is referred to in which both the company is die in the same declaration period for temporary agency work that makes temporary workers available to a company Active in Systemvaart, if this company actively appeals in system shipping itself, appeals to the exemption referred to in Article 2755, § 4, CIR 92. In that case, the exemption will be granted to two different employers, each of whom will have to submit the declaration referred to in Article 2755, § 4, seventh paragraph, of the CIR 92. The question then asks itself which statement must be assumed. In the report to the King by the Royal Decree of 3 April 2019 amending the Royal Decree/WIB 92 with regard to the further rules and modalities for submitting the in Article2755, § 4, seventh paragraph, of the 1992 Income Tax Code, it has already been clarified that the amount of the exemption from payment of withholding tax for a specific tax return period is requested in the second tax return, also to the statement with that period mention. In this way, the debtor of the withholding tax is obliged to check whether the de-minimis ceiling is not exceeded by the requested exemption from withholding tax. The moment at which the company acquires a legal entitlement to the support under the Belgian regulations, regardless of the date on which the de minimis support is paid to the company. The aid in the form of an exemption from transfer of withholding tax is therefore considered for the application of this regulation to be granted at the time the second declaration in the operating taxes were submitted to the administration to the administration. The order where the second declarations are submitted important to determine who takes on what support in the explanation. However, both companies can also opt for it in the event that they will include a second declaration and a statement for the same declaration period in function of obtaining the exemption, to include detached exemption amount in the statement. In that case, the order in which these declarations and statements are submitted does not matter and is therefore not dependent on the actions of a third partyThe order in which the statements are submitted are in the latter case that is important in the event that my administration must verify whether the condition referred to in Article 2755, § 4, paragraph 4, of the Wib 92 is met. Suppose, for example, that my administration discovered in the System Course, by mistake, minimis support that has been obtained in the past did not incorrectly include the statement and has also not communicated to the company that made the temporary workers available, so that the support ceiling nevertheless exceeds. In that case, it is not relevant for the purposes of the tax regulations by which party the mistake was committed and, in the under the company active in the system shipping, the unapproval that makes the temporary workers available must be checked or to the condition article 2755, § 4, fourth paragraph, WIB 92, is paid. In that case, the order in which the second declaration and the declaration was submitted will therefore be decisive for determining the exemption in whom the exemption was incorrectly permitted and will have to be recovered. It is still clarified that this design does not provide specific entry into force provision , because to date no company makes use of this measure for temporary agency work. As a result, the common law entry provision applies so that this design will take effect from the tenth day after its announcement. This is, SIRE, the scope of the decision that you are presented. I have the honor to be, Sire, Van Your Majesteit, this respectful and very faithful servant, the Vice -first minister and Minister of Finance, A.DE Croo24 April 2020. - Royal Decree to amend the KB/WIB 92 with the Further Rules and Modalities for submitting the companies that recognize for temporary work Of the statement filip, King of the Belgians, which are now and hereinafter referred to in Article 2755, § 4, seventh paragraph, of the 1992 Income Tax Code. , inserted by the law of 23 March 2019; Given the Royal Decree/WIB 92; Having regard to the Royal Decree of 16 November 1994 on the Administrative Budget Control, Art ikelen 5 and 14; Whereas the provisions of this Decree may not have a right-wing or indirect financial impact; in view of the laws of Deraad van State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, Article 3, § 1; In view of the urgent possession, whereas:- the law of 23 March 2019 amending the Income Taxes 1992 with regard to the tax provisions of the Job Deal enters an exemption from the payment of a part of the withholding tax for system canal; this exemption of transfer of withholding tax applies to the remuneration for the removals who will be paid or granted from 1 January 2019; this exemption from the payment of the venual taxation can be applied when the debtor of the withholding tax together with his application for the exemption from transferring with regard to the declaration of withholding tax submits a statement with regard to respecting the support ceilings of the General De Minisis -Regulation (Regulation (EU) No 1407/2013 of the Commission of 18 December 2013 on the application of Articles 107 and 108 of the Convention on the effect of the European Union on de-minimis support)-there is a need for clarification in this case debtor is a company that is recognized for temporary agency work that provides temporary employment agencies to companies that comply with the conditions referred to in Article 2755, § 4, first paragraph, of the 1992 Income Tax Code; must be supplemented in order to clarify the regulatoryiest for both the companies recognized for temporary agency work and the companies comply with the conditions referred to in Article 2755, § 4, first paragraph, of the Income Taxes1992 Code and those temporary workers will be available to these companies that recognition for temporary agency work;- this decision should therefore be as soon as possible nomen; on the nomination of the Vice-first minister and Minister of Finance, we have decided and decisions: Article 1Article 954/1, § 2, KB/WIB 92, is supplemented with two members, reading: "In the event that the debtor referred to in the first paragraph is a company that is a recognizable for temporary employment agency work and who makes one or more temporary workers available to one enterprise complies with the conditions referred to in Article 2755, § 4, first paragraph, of the same code, then this statement contains the support of this company to whom these temporary workers referred to in Article 2755, § 4, seventh paragraph, of the same Code of Code as if he himself asks the application of the exemption of transfer of withholding tax referred to in Article 2755, §4, of the same code. Temporary employment was granted as a result of the provision of temporary workers available to the company that meets the in Article 2755, §4, first paragraph, of Hetzel FDE Code, Conditions referred to, as if this company to whom this temporary worker is made decision has itself obtained the support. ". Art. 2. The Minister for Finance is responsible for the implementation of this Decree in Brussels, 24 April 2020.filipvanoningweight: the Vice-first Minister and Minister of Finance, a. De Croo