Publication: 2020-10-30numac: 2020031565 Regional Public Service Brussels Tax Call for External Mobility to the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation1) Eenattaché (M/F/X) - For the Brussels Fiscity Regulations - Municipal Current Management (Ref. 2020//// Spokesperson): there is a position of attaché (rank A1) belonging to the Dutch language framework for vacant at the Regional Public Service Brussel Discity (GOBF); The relationship can be filled through external mobility on the basis of the Decree of the Brussels -Capital Government of 27 March 2014 on the Mobility Mobility Regulation in some institutions of the Brussels -Capital Region. The external mobility applies to the public utility institutions mentioned in article 23 Under the federal state, the communities the other regions; the Flemish Community Commission, the French Community Commission and the Community Committee's Commission; The institutions of public utility that fall under the Brussels -Capital Region. This relationship is exclusively reserved for statutory staff members (rank A1) that are in the possession of a diploma of university education. This Attaché will be employed by the Brussels Taxation Regional Public Service - Customer Management. The job description of this relationship can be found on the following website: https://fiscality.brussels/nl/jobs. The relation is a matter of function code 2020/CLI_NL/spokesperson. For the transfer via external mobility only the staff members (rank A1) that are in service activity, have at least two -year grades and at least have received a mention of the entry "favorable". Interesting people are requested to serve their candidacy via email to: job_bf@fisc.brussels for Mr D. de Smedt, Director-General of the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation, Kruidtuinlaan 20, 1035 Brussels and this at the latest 08/11/ 2020. In the candidacy, the name, first names, appointment date, administration status and the precise details of the administration from which the candidate is from is stated. A detailed curriculum vitae must be attached as well as a comprehensive motivation letter a copy of the most recent appointment decision . The candidates who are on top all Elder Conditions will be invited for a job interview.Publication: 2020-10-30numac: 2020031624Federal Public Service Policy and Support28 October 2020.-circular letter no. 686.-Guidelines in the context of the Special COVID-19 Measures for the employees of the Federal Administrative Official office regarding the organization of the work and the reception of the children in the event of (temporary) closure of schools, daycare centers and centers for care of children with disabilities the federal government services and the services that are involved, the Ministry of Defense and the public utility institutions that belong to the federal administrative public office As stipulated in Article 1 of the Act of 22 July 1993 containing provisional measures on civil servants. Colleagues, Dear Madam, Dearer, Dear, Considering the urgency motivated by the fact that the Coronavirus (COVID-19) is spreading in Belgium, and that there are urgent measures taken to reduce the risk of public health; consider the that measures were taken to reduce the risk to public health, including telework and the (temporary) closure of schools, daycare centers and centers for care of children with disabilities; clarifying and specifying; Doupling guidelines must be issued: a staff member immediately informs his maid when he is confronted with one of the following situations:- a minor child who lives together either can go to his daycare, or cannot go to school, because because The daycare center, the class or school of which the part is closed is closed as a result of a measure to limit the distribution of the coronavirus (COVID-19)-- a child immediately has disabilities, regardless of the age of that child, and that child not to a center for the forefront of people with disabilities can g because this center is concluded as a result of a measure to limit the spread of the coronavirus (COVID-19). The staff member must present a certificate of the daycare center, the school or the center for reception of persons with disabilities, that The closure confirms from the institution or class concerned as a result of a measure to limit the spread of the Coronavirus (COVID-19). This certificate states the period in which the closing of application is application. The staff member performs his performance in telework during this closing period. If the position of the staff member cannot be performed in telework, the staff member is made available to the leading official. The leading civil servant or his delegate viewing maximum the possibilities surrounding the adjustments to the work regulation and the labor organization (eg change of the work schedule or the assignment of tasks that are connected to his function line as much as possible and that must be carried out in his place of residence) so that the maximum is used) The aim of the reconciliation of the continuity of services with the need for the reception of children at the staff members, with respect for the rules regarding consultation with the trade unions. Technical personnel members may be assigned administrative assignments if this fits within their general competence level. The staff member is not able to combine service exemption for the period of time. for the care of children with a handicap). A staff member also has the option of turning a leave system (eg annual vacation leave, leave for compelling reasons of family importance, ...) and can also make use of not yet taken up or - leave -bridge this closing period. 'Catch -up rest or leave' should be understood to mean, the compensatory leave to which the staff member is entitled in application of the deviations of the normal working time for the law of December 14, 2000 establishing some aspects of the working time organization of the public sector . During these periods, the staff member is not available to his employer. The organizations and the staff members are also drawn up that the provisions of the Act of December 14, 2000 and the special provisions regarding the catch -up rest included in Article 8 of the Royal Decree of 22 April 2020 on special measures for the staff members of the Federal Public Ambt in the context of the health crisis as a result of the Coronaviruscovid-19 are still applicableThese provisions are aimed at guaranteeing the health and safety of staff members taking into account the special circumstances of the current health crisis. The organizations are called to raise the hierarchical chefs in question this extraordinary situation so that they take this into account when determining the objectives of the staff membersDoing in these circumstances, whether or not with adapted tasks, and the evaluation of achieving these objectives at the end of the evaluation period as this was also extensively explained in the "Coronaviruscovid-13/Evaluation" section of www.fedweb.belgium.be.Teomzendterlief has elaboration with effect from 1 October 2020. The Minister of Civil Service, p.de Sutter