Publication: 2020-05-19Numac: 2020041259federal Public Service Home Affairs1 March 2019.-Act amending the Code of Income Taxes 1992, in order for the volunteers at the corps of the public fire brigade and the fiscally exempt amount to the civil protection to increase. - German translation The following text is the German translation of the law of 1 March 2019 amending the Code of Income Taxes 1992, to the intention of the volunteers at the corps of the public fire brigade and to increase tax -exempted amounts at the civil protection (Belgian Official Gazette of 18 March 2019). This translation drawn up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.Föderaleröffentlicher Service Finanzen1. MÄRZ 2019 - Gesetz zur Abänderung des Einkommensteuergesetzbuches1992 im Hinblick auf die Erhöhung des Betrags der Steuerbefreiung zugunsten der freiwilligen Feuerwehrleuteder öffentlichen Feuerwehrdienste und der freiwilligen Mitarbeiter beim ZivilschutzPHILIPPE,Konig der Belgier, Allen Gegenwartigen und Zukunftigen, Unser Gruß!Die Abgeordnetenkammerhat das Folgende angenommen und Wir sanktionieren ES: Article 1 - Vorliegendes Gesetz arranges in Article 74 of the Verwähnte Angelegenheit.art. 2 - Article 38 § 1 Deseinommensteuergesetzbuches 1992, Zuletzt Abgeändert Durch das Gesetz vom 30. März 2018, Wird who folgabgeändert: 1. Absatz 1 nr. 12 wird who fells ersetzt: "12. Zulagen für freigneuerwehrleute, zeragen für freiwillige krankwagenfahrer für urgent medizinian hilfeleistungenim sinne von von von von's gesetes vomy senf. 2. Absatz 3 wird wie folgtersetzt:"Die in Absatz 1 Nr. 12 erwähnten Zulagen für Freiwillige und die in Absatz 1 Nr. 29erwähnten Entlohnungen, die in Ausführung eines Flexi-Job-Arbeitsvertrags gezahlt oder zuerkannt werden,werden auf dem Berechnungsblatt vermerkt, das dem STEUER DEMINELS des Empfängers in Bezug Auf that Steuerder Natürlichen Persons Beigefügt ist. "Art. 3 - Vorliegendes Gesetz wirksam mit 1. January 2019. article 2 ist auf die abd dem 1. January 2019 sucks oder zuerkannten such as anwendbar. GEBEN ZU Brüssel, Den 1. März 2019philippevonkönigs roads: Der VizePremierminister und Minister of the Finanzena. The Croomitdem Staatselgel Vershen: of the Minister of Justiz, k. GainPublication: 2020-05-19Numac: 2020041260federal Public Service Home Affairs27 February 2019.-Act amending the Code of Income Taxes 1992 in the case of the notion of legal retirement age. - German translation The following text is the Get Dislacement of the Law of 27 February 2019 amending the Income Tax Code 1992 What the notion of the statutory retirement age concerns (Belgian Official Gazette of 15 March 2019). This translation was drawn up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.föderaleröffentlicher Service Finanzen27. February 2019 - Gesetz Zur Abänderung des Einkommensteuergesetzbuches1992 in Bezug auf den Begriff "Gesetzliches Ruhstandsalter" Philippe, Konig der Belgier, Alligenwartigen und Zukunftigen, Unser Gruß -Voorde -Vore -Kammer Hatbammer Hatbammer Hatbammer - Dasammer Hatbammer Hatmenkammer - Hat's Alommenkammer - Hat's Alommen Cammer's Cammer - der Verfassungerwähnte Angelegenheit.art. 2 - Article 171 des Einkommensteuergesetzbuches 1992, Zuletzt Abgeändertdurch das Gesetz vom 6. Dezijn 2018, Wird who fails Abgeändert: 1. Number 2 Buchstabe B) Wirddurch Einen Gedankstrich mit folgendem Wortlaut Ergänzt: "Anyone who trades this way, who are durch arbeitbergeberberberbergeberberberberberbergebergebergeberge beigebzeiten's ergäscheiten bullen's gelgene battle of the right. vollständige Laufbahn erfüllt sind, dem Empfänger, der mindestens bis zu diesem Alter tatsächlichaktiv geblieben ist, ausgezahlt werden oder im Todesfall nach Erreichen des Alters, in dem die Bedingungenfür eine vollständige Laufbahn erfüllt sind, wenn der Verstorbene bis zu diesem Alter tatsächlich aktivgeblieben ist, ausgezahlt were, ". 2. In No. 4 Buchstabe f) wird zwischen dem dritten und viertenGedankenstrich ein Gedankenstrich mit folgendem Wortlaut eingefügt:"- der Kapitalien, die durchArbeitgeber- oder Unternehmensbeiträge gebildet werden und zu Lebzeiten frühestens bei Erreichen desAlters, in dem gemäß den geltenden Rechtsvorschriften in Sachen Pensionen die Bedingungen für einevollständige Laufbahn Erfüllt sind, dem empfänger, der Mindestens bis zu diesem alter tatsächlich aktivgeblieben isst, ausgezekt were im todesfall nach erreichen of the alters, in the sewing of the heirs of the mind of the like that of the like that of the like that of the like that of the like that of the like that of the like that of the like that of the like that of the like. , ". Art. 3 - Article 169 § 1 Desselben Gesetzbuches, Zoetzt Abgeändert Durch das Gesetz vom 8. Mai 2014, Wird who fails Abgeändert: 1. Absatz 3wird Anyone who folgt ersetzt: "In Abweichung von Absatz 1, Kapitalien von Ergänzend Pensions, which gemäß Article 52bis des königlichen erlasses no. 72 Vom 10. November 1967 über die Ruhstands-Unit, SORBLEENBENENPENCHEN, Füriebenpensen Füriebenpensen There was Durch Article 70 DESPROUPGESETZES VOM 24. Dezember 2002 Ersetzt Wurde, Zuerkannt were, Oder von Ergänzend Pensionenerwähnt in Title II Kapitel 1 Abschnitt 4 des Programmesetzes vom 24. Dezijn 2002 Die Festleggeliger Steuperpentigen Grundeliger Umwandlungvon 80 Prozent dieser Kapitalien entsprechend Koeffizienten, die in Absatz 1 erwähnt sind, hervorgehenwürde, in dem Maße, wie sie:entweder zu Lebzeiten frühestens bei Erreichen des gesetzlichenRuhestandsalters dem Empfänger, der mindestens bis zu diesem Alter tatsächlich aktiv geblieben ist, ausgezahltwerden oder im Todesfall Nach Erreichen des Gesetzlichen Ruhstandsalters, Wenn der Vers torbene bis zudiesem Alter tatsächlich aktiv geblieben ist, ausgezahlt werdenoder zu Lebzeiten frühestensbei Erreichen des Alters, in dem gemäß den geltenden Rechtsvorschriften in Sachen Pensionen dieBedingungen für eine vollständige Laufbahn erfüllt sind, dem Empfänger, der mindestens bis zu diesemAlter tatsächlich aktiv geblieben ist, ausgezahlt werden Oder im todesfall nach erreichen des alters, in demo those clause for the full laufbahn yard, wenn of the distorbent bis diesemalter tatsächlich aktiv bleed in ausgezahlt. "2 2Paragraph 4 is replaced as follows: "Invaluation of paragraph 2, the first partial amount to which the conversion regulation is applicable will only be taken into account 80 percent if the capital mentioned in this paragraph: either at the latest when the statutory retirement age is reached, the recipient who is at least until this age has actually remained active, are paid out or in the event of death after the statutory retirement age has been achieved if the deceased has actually remained active up to this age, at the earliest when the age is reached at the earliest when the age is reached, in which the A complete career is fulfilled, the recipient, which has actually remained active at least up to this age, are paid out or the death after reaching the age in which the conditions for a complete career are fulfilled if the deceased actually actively actively has remained, to be paid out. "Art.4 - in Article 515bis paragraph 7 of the same code of law. Statutory retirement age, if the deceased has actually remained active up to this age, "by the words" at the earliest when the statutory retirement age is reached or in the case of achieving age, in which the conditions for a complete career meets in accordance with the applicable legal regulations in terms of pensions the recipient who has actually remained up to one of these age are paid out or in the event of death after reaching the statutory retirement age relationship after reaching the age in which the conditions for a complete career are fulfilled if the deceased up to one of these age has actually remained active, "replaced. 5 - The law will be effective on January 1, 2019 and is on that from the1. Payments made by capital in January 2019. We manufacture the present law and order that it provided with the state seal and published by the Belgian state newspaper. De Croomit provided the state seal: Derminister of the Justice, k. GeesePublication: 2020-05-11Numac: 20200412166brussels-Capital Region7 May 2020.-Special powers decision of the Brussels-Capital Government No. 2020/016 on the support of the operators of the remedied passenger transport taken by the urgent measures to distribute the Coronavirus COVID-19 in restricting Brussels-capital government, in view of the ordinance of 19 March 2020 to know special powers to the Brussels-Capital Government in the context of the Health Crisis COVID-19, Article2; Having regard to the agreement of the Minister of Budget, given on 22/04/2020; in view of the request for emergency treatment, motivated by the fact that countless operators of taxis and of rental vehicles with driver in activity experience serious economic damage as a result of the COVID-13 health crisis; that it is necessary to provide urgent support to the involved operators to limit economic damage; D ate the operators concerned have seen their turnover decrease or even disappear as a result of measures, which means that the income of the entrepreneurs is in danger; that this support aims in particular to prevent a wave of bankruptcy among the operators who suffer from dipping liquidity problems such as consequence of the crisis; that the strike of payment pursuant to the liquidity problems may have a domino effect on the economy, which should be avoided at any price; that these problems and securities can be felt very short term and that it cannot be justified that there would be a delay in the introduction of the support measure; that it is therefore indicated that the support will be paid as soon as possible and that urgency is therefore justified; in view of advice 67,303/4 van deraad van State, given on April 29, 2020, in application of Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3а, of the laws on the Council of State, co -rdinated on 1 2 January 1973; Considering the Ministerial Decree of 23 March 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19TE, amended by ministerial decision of 24 March 2020; guarantees and both the legal certainty to safeguard the principle of equality, is appropriate to, in accordance with Article 2 of the Ordinance Pans 19 March 2020, to grant special powers to the government, urgently to obtain the advice of the Council of State; whereas the emergency measures, the necessity to raise a global decision for the granting of this premium and the fact that the allocation and control measurement measures are in that decision, the agreement is determined in Article 19.2 of the ordinance of December 17 ,2019 containing the general expenditure budget of the Brussels-Capital Region for the budget year2020 for every decision of more d of 15,000 € not required. On the recommendation of the Prime Minister of the Brussels -Capital Region, competent for the remunerated transport of persons, after -date, decision: Chapter 1. - General provisions article 1. for the application of this Decree, is understood by: 1а Minister : the Prime Minister of the Brussels-Capital Government, competent for the remunerated transport of persons; 2а operator: the legal person or natural person who has a permit for the operating bonus a taxi service or a service for renting vehicles with driver referred to in Articles4 and 17 of the ordinance of 27 April 1995 on the taxi services and the services for renting vehicles with driver; 3а Regulation: the Regulation (EU) No 1407/2013 of the Commission Fan 18 December 2013 on the application of Articles 107 and 108 of the Convention on De Minimis aid concerning the European Union, announced in the publication CL Ad van de Europeunie L352 of 24 December 2013; 4а beneficiary: the natural person or legal entity applies or receives support; 5а BM: Brussels Mobility of the Regional Public Service Brussels; 6а Company: the entity referred to in Article 1 of the Annex to the recommendation of the Commission of 6 May 2003 on the definition of small, medium and micro-enterprises.art.2. The minister provides support to the operators in activity taken by the urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID -19, under the conditions referred to in the Regulation. Caparation 2. - Modalities of the SupportAtr. 3. The support exists in one -off premium of 3,000 euros to every operator in activity, which has a permit well by BM Vѓѓr 19 March 2020.Art.art. 4Is excluded from the support or, if all, to its repayment, the beneficiary: 1а to whom a sanction is imposed on the ground of Article 10 of the Ministerial Decree of 23 March 2020 urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-13, or anyone other regulations that are replaced by the replacement; 2а that has not adopted all applicable obligations in the field of environmental, social and employment law; 3а that is in a state of bankruptcy or refers to his work, or has a judicial reorganization, or declaration done of his bankruptcy, for whom a procedure for liquidation or judicial organization is pending, or who is in a comparable situation as a result of a similar procedure that exists in other national regulations; 4а that intentionally incorrectly intellers in one of the cases as referred to in article 3, § 1, first paragraph, of the ordinance of 8 October 2015 containing general rules regarding the withholding, recovery and non-equalization of subsidies in the field of employment and economy, as well as the subsidies as referred to in the aforementioned ordinance does not repay in accordance with The rules referred to in its Article 4. The beneficiary lives the conditions stipulated in the first paragraph after during a period of three years from the date of the award of the support. Chapter 3. - Research procedure choir the application and payout files of the support art. 5. The beneficiary submits the request for support from BM by means of a form that BM makes available on its website. The beneficiary can only submit a request. Other de minimis-regulations falling support to the company received during the two preceding tax years and the current tax year.art. 6. The award decision is served to the beneficiary within dedries months after receipt of the request for support. The minister may extend the decision -making period that available budget credits have been exhausted. 7. The support is settled in a Belgian bank account number that is in the name of the beneficiary. Chapter 4. - The supervision of and detacking of the support art. 8. Chapter X of the Ordinance of 3 May 2018 Support for the economic development of companies applies to this Decree. - Final provisions. 9. This decision comes into effect on the day of its announcement in the Belgian Official Gazette.art. 10. The Prime Minister is responsible for the implementation of this Decree.brussel, 7 May 2020. For the Brussels-Capital Government: Deminister President of the Brussels-Capital Government, competent for territorial developments Urban renewal, tourism, promotion of the image of Brussels and Brussels and Bicultural Affairs of Regional Interest and the paid transport of people, r. HurtPublication: 2020-05-19Numac: 2020041295federal Public Service Social Security 19 May 2020.-Royal Decree No. 20 containing temporary measures in the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie and to ensure the continuity of care in the compulsory medical care report to the Koningsire, I have the honor of this a draft of Royal Decree No. 20 containing temporary measures in the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemaemen to ensure the continuity of care in the compulsory insurance for medical care. The legislator to the king special powers granted to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19. It breaks measures to capture the direct and indirect consequences of the COVID-19 Pandemie for the compulsory insurance. -19 (ii) aims to make a decision to make access to the necessary worries to guarantee the end of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemie or Pandemie and to compensate for its consequences, in particular this affiliated with the guarantee of the Public health in view of the restriction measures. Things intend to make it possible for the necessary surveys to be provided to the patient in the light of the current context. These measures require an urgent legal formalization that the continuity of care and legal certainty for the various partners of mandatory insurance for medical care are guaranteed. The whole of the measures aims to protect the patients' the elections and cannot affect their rights. Item6, second paragraph, of the law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the king to take measures in the fight against distribution With the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II) provides for the possibility of not getting reclaimed or regulatory advice or in time in a shorter term. In the context of the preparation of current design, the difficulty for these organs was determined to meet in the current context. For some procedures, the decision -making bodies have been consulted or there has been consultation without physical contact. In the regulatory provisions that regulate the functioning of those bodies and the household regulations, that possibility is not always foreseen or only for less important issues. In addition, Formal Consultation has not always been possible for practical or regulatory reasons. In order to block decision -making, deviations from the formal consultation procedures have taken place without, however, eliminating the consultation with the stakeholders. Instead or additional informal consultation took place with the stakeholders, in particular the health insurance funds and the representatives of the care providers for these matters. Title 1. - General provisions article 1 of the draft suspended deadlines provided for or pursuant to the law concerning the law Mandatory insurance for medical delivery and benefits, coordinated on July 14, 1994, with the exception of the departments, chapters represented in the article (periods regarding benefit and parent insurance). This concerns, for example, periods that are provided for procedures to change lists of reimbursable benefits, deadlines that authorities such as committees and councils must comply with the lap of the RIZIV in individual decisions but also periods that the rights of the rights must comply with in the context of applications for reimbursement of medical benefits, applications for registration with a health insurance fund or requesting to enjoy certain articles of association, such as the law on the increased insurance policy. Special proposed, in these exceptional circumstances, to suspend the calendar of the different procedures for a still to be determined period. In concrete terms, this means that de procedure steps can be set as far as possible, but that the exceedance of a term can have an impact for the parties involved. The binding deadlines only start walking again on the moment that the suspension is liftedBy Royal Decree of 27 March 2020, the stopping of the calendars that determine the periods for the implementation of de procedures to change the list of reimbursable pharmaceutical specialties and of the list of the reimbursable implants and invasive medical devices. From the legal basis of these procedures (Article 35bis, §§ 3, 6 and 8 and Article 35septies/2, §§ 5, 6/1, 7 and 8 of the coordinated law of 14 July 1994), one can decide that a suspension of the periods only possible to request additional information. For that reason, it is advisable to confirm that measure through this decision. Moreover, it is necessary to suspend other procedures that are not intended by the aforementioned Royal Decree of 27 March 2020, such as that changing the list of compensation bareradiofarmaceutical products. The short -term within which the Royal Decree of 27 -March 2020 is to be drawn up, In addition, has led to a mistake in the French translations an inaccuracy in the terms used. The terms of the CGV 2020/073 memorandum shows that the intention was to provide a suspension of the deadlines and no interruption: "Ineindede accessibility for the to protect patients, and to protect the companies at the same time against unintended decisions, it is proposed, in these exceptional circumstances, with effect from 13 March 2020 midnight for an absolute clock stop to be determined for all procedures. method reduces the delay in decision -making to the minimum, After all, without the process itself or the responsibilities or powers within those processes. The recovery from unintended or undesirable changes to the lists of reimbursable specialties or of implants and invasive medical devices, requires a new procedure that would in any case take more time. " In court:- the suspension (Suspension in FR) stops the course of a period without eradicating the already expired period;- The interruption (Interruption in FR) makes a new period run from the date of the deed of Stuzing.incasu and Despite the editors of the text, a suspension was indeed intended. This can be derived from the fact that a period (with suspension) is provided by the text. The deadlines will therefore resume the time at the time they became suspended (namely on 13/3/2020 at midnight). A regularization and expansion of the text of the Konzinklijk decision of 27 March 2020 To eliminate any uncertainty regarding the legal basis and the usage terminology is appropriate. Reasons of good management will be possible to set the procedural step-off during the crisis and this:- to avoid new-ethic payments for which there would be an agreement are blocked until the end of the situation-to limit the effect of the congestion and the amount of files for which a backlog will be retrieved at the end of the crisis. However, the deadlines are suspended for all interruptions and there is also necessary to be taken into account the impact of the crisis for the companies that require the reimbursement. This implies concrete that the procedure actions can be stated, but that the exceeding of a period will not have an impact before the intervening parties. reimbursement conditions are laid down in the Nomenc lature of medical benefits, in other regulations or in agreements. For certain medical benefits, for example, it is foreseen that they must be granted within a stipulated period or that the care provider must submit the application for the compulsory insurance within a certain period of time or to transfer certain data. of the advisory doctors who only have a limited period of validity. As a result of the COVID-19 Pandemie, it may, however, be impossible to respect periods and conditions. After all, non-urgent treatments must be deferred caregivers have their hands full of providing urgent concerns, so that administration obligations cannot be made in time. To prevent patients not being reimbursing no or a lower reimbursement, it may be necessary to suspend or extend certain deadlines provided for in regulations or in agreementsEvery time this will be possible, the adjustments to the deadlines will be written in a specific provision, but it seems appropriate to supplement them with a general provision to keep the interests of all partners as well as possible since the completeness of the analyzes cannot be guaranteed under the current conditions. Article 2 aims to ensure decontinuity of the operation of the authorities set by or pursuant to the law. These measures are explained by the difficulty for this authorities in the current context. Procedural deviation on the processes with which the temporary measures are adopted as well as the Process Procedure with which these temporary measures will be terminated. These exceptions can also have a relation to the process for taking non-temporary measures. It is therefore conceivable that a definitive registration from a provision to reimbursement (action of a care provider, pharmaceutical specialty, medical device) is useful during the application period of the current measures, but is blocked by the inability to keep formal meetings of the organs. It seems inappropriate to reduce any structural improvement in the indictment of care. A period of which the duration is not yet known. In the first paragraph, the possibility to make use of written procedures is generalized. For some procedures, the procedures are possible that the decision -making organs become in writing Consulted or consult POSTERY CONTACT. However, in the regulatory provisions that regulate the functioning of those bodies and the internal rules, this possibility is not always foreseen or only for less important matters. Article 2 provides for the possibility of working for each body in this way, regardless of the legal or regulatory provisions that normally apply. It is, however, possible that certain procedures cannot proceed if they are conducted in writing or without physical contact, in which it will have to be waited until the end of the suspension periods referred to in Article 1 are not possible and the circumstances are a circumstances and the circumstances a do not justify the rules referred to in the second member. The second paragraph provides for the possibility of shortening the advisory period and to deviate from formal consultations. In the first place, if the circumstances require this, the periods for formal consultations are provided shorten so fast g can be held with needs that arise. In addition, there may also be a preliminary cord in which a remote meeting is also not possible because the members are sick or not being available because of their activities as a care provider, which can, among other things, lead to the requirement quorums cannot are being reached. In order not to block decision -making in such cases, a deviation is also provided with the obligation to consult certain authorities. Deviating from formal consultation procedures does not have the objective of eliminating the consultation with the stakeholders, but to guarantee that the decisions must be can be taken. At least informal consultations with the stakeholders, in the particular health insurance funds and the representatives of the care providers of the matters involved, there will be at least informal consultation. Progress in the care made available of the Rightholder is not blocked during the period in which the possibility of formally collecting the organs is limited. Informal, are maintained, but it seems appropriate to provide the possibility of compensating the inability to formally, in order to be a paralysis for the beneficiaries. It is of course true that an evaluation of the proportionalities must be a consideration of interests are performed for the enforcement Egging of these deviations that can only take place "if necessary". Title 2. - Oxygen -concentratoring absorption in the reimbursibility of the new oxy concentrators of the SOS Oxygène company is planned to increase the supply of reimbursable oxy concentrators on the market. In the field there is a high demand for oxy concentrators (and oxygen in all its forms) and the absorption in the reimbursibility of these new devices makes it possible to meet partially to a number of important and urgent needs caused by the COVID-19 infections. Title 3- continues of measures in Articles4 up to and including 18 have been drawn up in consultation with the partners on their question or after the representatives of the care providers or the insurance institutions have contacted the RIZIV about the problems to provide continuity of necessary care in the context of the Measures to curtail the spread of the virus. Virtual meetings have taken place with the professional organizations concerned (doctors, dentists, physiotherapists, speech therapists, midwives, hospital federations) and insurance institutions. For the measures with regard to the shortened irradiation with breast cancer patients and the special supervision of patients with COVID-19, a preparation transmission has also taken place with a delegation of the technical medical council. These meetings were done on the one hand with each party involved separately or in joint meetings. The result was delivered to the participants. The measures in Articles 22 to 28 are proposals from the Municipal Executive of Doctors Directors that under Article 23 § 2, second member of the coordinated law of 14 July 1994 is authorized to advise on the rehabilitation provisions referred to in that paragraph and that under Article 23 § 3 of the same is authorized to design, designs of rehabilitation agreements and designs of agreements with the coordinating disciplinary care centers to make and submit to the insurance committee. The proposals are often established at the request of the care providers involved, rehabilitation establishments that provide coordinated multidisciplinary care programs or have been created after these care providers and establishments are certain problems with which they are struggling with the R IZIV has signaled.articress4 records the general provisions of the specific benefits in the context of the COVID-19 crisis. Article5 allows the use of shortened radiation schedules (hypofractioning) for patients with breast cancer for which a shortened radiation schedule of 5 groups (hypofractionioning) one Safe and full alternative requirement based on the current available scientific evidence and when the usual radiation schedule is designated or not possible. The irradiation of patients via short-range schedules (pituitary ractioning) is part of the COVID-19 Emergency planning of Differentiekenhuizen.de Used devices and the available staff can in this way be used so optimally, which makes a split possible between devices and care teams for patients with COVID-19 and the COVID19-free patients. In addition, patients will move less frequently to the hospital, which contributes to the avoidance of the spread of the virus.decovid-19 crisis has thoroughly changed the way of working in hospitals, both in terms of infrastructure and logistics organization and in terms of commitment From staff, nurses and doctors specialists. In addition, the care of patients infected with the virus requires extraordinary effort. In order to meet the designated working conditions and to compensate the efforts correctly, provides for-the new specific provisions for care in intensive care and in the specific covid-19 departments. Articles 6, § 1, ensures the provision with a specific code that the COVID-19 patients are identified in order to allow the new benefits in intake care and the specific COVID-19 departments to be able to repay. A COVID-19 patient is defined in accordance with the case definition of Sciensano. The code 793800 is only intended to identify COVID-19 patients. This code allows other benefits to be added to these patients for which care for extraordinary effort, both physically and psychologically requires. The intensive care departments are more than ever the "" Hotspots "Within the hospitals and most have had to increase their capacity, including by fitting other departments (recovery departments and 'normal' departments) in whole or in part, so that they can also serve as departments for intensive care. Naturally, this brought a different allocation of people and resources with it and a major extension of capacity.covid-19-patients on intensive care require much longer ventilation than usual. It is often about at least 2 weeks. To connect to this reality, two specific benefits have been provided for VIAARTIKEL 6, § 2. Specific COVID-19 departments were established that physically divorced from other departmentsThe patients who stay there require a more intensive and specific approach, in the context of both COVID-19 pathology and the safety and hygiene regulations, which is required for those patients. The patients stay there on average much longer than usual. The care is also much more stressful. That is why Article 6, § 3, provides for new benefits in relevant the installation and supervision for controlled or assisted artificial ventilation, continuous supervision of the vital and non-vital functions, continuous supervision of the heart function and measurements of the heartbeat and Article 6 , § 4, in an additional fee for the supervision of a hospitalized COVD-19 patient. Article 6, § 5, foresees that this benefit kit can be charged in general hospitals. Article 7 includes the principles that must be nagged to provide remote care. Articles 8 to 13 Provided in the creation of Specific vest racks remotely as well as application rules belonging to the doctors, dentists and physiotherapists. Article 8 provides specific provisions that allow doctors to perform single -fonic triage (§ 1) of patients with symptoms of a possible infection with COVID -19 and telephone advice (§ 2) give me to other patients t A view to maintaining continuity of care. The notion telephone call covers synchronous communication tools including video communication. Articles 8, § 3, records the application rules for these provisions. Article 9 provides for specific provisions for psychiatrists and child and youth psychiatrists. Patients with psychiatric or psychotherapeutic follow-up can rarely suspend their treatment struggles without a serious risk to their mental health. The COVID-19 crisis makes the risk of the most vulnerable people even greater. In order to ensure the continuity of this care during this COVID-19 crisis, the rules of the compulsory insurance for medical care adjustments are adjusted so that this care as well as any new diagnoses is carried out remotely by psychiatrists child and adolescent psychiatrists. § 1, provides for single -tax advice with a view to referring the patient to a mobile team or a psychiatric powder service, so that correct urgent care can also be made to this patient group during this crisis period. Distance for the psychiatric diagnosis, de-psychotherapeutic treatment, the media therapy, the consultation between doctor and psychologist or orthopedagoogen The extensive psychiatric evaluation of a young person to be able to ensure the continuity of this care during the COVID-19 crisis. general application rules for these new benefits. In analogy with the Provisions of Article 6 provides Article10 for a specific provision for the neuropediatrist so that they can continue the treatment of children, youth and young adults with neurological developmental disorders or an intellectual disability that can continue with serious behavioral disorders. Patients with neurological developmental disorders or an intellectual disability are particularly sensitive to changes in time and space. Except circumstances can worsen the behavioral disorders and bring the environment (family or institution) to great difficulties. Article 11 allows the multidisciplinary oncological consultation to be organized a video conference . For example, it is temporarily not necessary to bring different care providers physics together in one room. This guarantees the continuity of care to patients with single cancer, thereby promoting compliance with the restraints. For the continuity of care and accurate guidance of the patient to the available dental care during these crisis period, Article 12 carries out specific provisions for telephone advice Enterious referral to a dental practice that provides the care into account all instructions for care providers during the COVID-19 Pandemie. article 12, § 1, provides in the introduction of two specific benefits for telephone advice and any referral.articrijf12, § 2, determines The application rules for these benefits. For the continuity of care and stabilizing or improving the patient's health status, which will be necessary in a limited number of cases, Article 13 of the Physiotherapeutic remote Via makes telephone or video communication possible.artike l 13, § 1, provides for the introduction of two specific provisions for remote care carried out by the physiotherapist.articel13, § 2, determines the application rules for these benefitsArticle 14 provides for the full intervention of the compulsory insurance for medical care in the fees of remote benefits. Item 15 prohibits the application of supplements for remote supplements. Patients with a speech therapy follow-up can rarely be able to do their treatment aprons for a relatively long time without that they are the therapeutic benefits of treatment losses; In order to guarantee the continuity of speech therapy during the COVID-19 crisis, with respect for the rules of social distantization, Article 16 adjusts the rules of the mandatory insurance for medical care, so that speech therapy provides remote-physical presence of the speech therapist be charged. For the guarantee of denial pre- and postnatal care for the prospective mother and the child, even during the COVID-19 Crisisen with the necessary precautions, Article 17 adjusts the rules of the mandatory insurance for the forecast care so that the benefits are carried out Remotely refunded by the midwives. Item18 stipulates that the fees and amounts for the intervention of the compulsory insurance for the remote departure are the same as for provisions with physical presence for speech therapists and midwives. Pandemie determines Article 19 That deviations are foreseen the provisions for the specific benefits of the nomenclature of the rehabilitation provisions. Article 20 provides for the possibility of making dietetics enforcements via telephone or video communication because these benefits for patients for whom these benefits can be made (diabetes patients who suffer from nier insuffiency) may be urgently necessary for one-handed treatment of their illness and cannot be postponed until after the COVID-19 crisis period. To be able to safely run these benefits during the COVID-19 crisis period, without danger of contamination, the possibility is provided for this Dietetics promotions via telephone or video communication. Although provisions via video communication probably provide better results, benefits via the telephone are also provided because a significant part of the target group is not available for the possibility of video communication or is insufficiently trusted. Article 21, § 1 and § 2, provides for the possibility of diabeteseducation reliefs via to perform telephone or video communication because these benefits for the intended diabetes patients can be urgent for adequate treatment of their illness and cannot be postponed after the COVID-19 crisis period. In order for these benefits during the COVID-19 crisis period to run safely, without the risk of infection, the possibility is provided to perform this diabetes education provisions of telephone or video communication. Although benefits via video communication presumably produce results, provisions via the telephone are also provided because a substantial part of the target group does not have the possibility of video communication or that is insufficiently trusted. Article 22 requires the possibility of performing certain occupational theraps via video communication because these occupational theraps for The intended patients can be urgently needed to tackle the problems in terms of reintegration with which these patients suffer from. In order to ensure that these benefits during the COVID-19 crisis period run safely, without the risk of infection, the possibility is provided for these occupational therapy provisions via video communication. Because qualitative occupational therapy sessions, the problems of the patient and the purpose of these sessions, are not possible over the telephone, only occupational therapy via video communication is provided for. On the provisions of the agreements referred to in Articles22, 6 ° and 23, § 3, of the coordinated law of 14 July 1994. Article 24, §1 to § 3, gives the possibility to the centers that guide patients who are camping with the consequences of female genital mutilations, to the centers for transgender care and the memory clinic sum certain guidance sessions perform the psychologists of those centers for patients Vandie Centers, during the COVID-19 crisis period to perform via video communication, so that the continuity of care during the care COVID-19 crisis period can be guaranteed and the benefits can be safe Word and perform, without danger to infectionBecause qualitative guidance sessions by a psychologist are not possible via the telephone because the psychologist cannot take into account the patient's deletary steel, only guidance sessions via video communication are provided. "Clairs Vallons" and "Zeeprontentorium" to offer guidance via telephone or video communication during the COVID-19 crisis period to the patients whose normal rehabilitation program is interrupted, so that the continuity of the COVID-19 crisis period is still possible Be guaranteed and patients in relative and healthy conditions outside the interior, in their home environment or elsewhere, can accommodate the results of the already realized rehabilitation program as much as possible. Although provisions via video communication probably provide better results, benefits are also provided by telephone because a significant part of the target group is not available for the possibility of video communication or is insufficiently trusted. Article 26, § 1 and § 2, provides the possibility of the rehabilitation centers for Locomotor and neurological rehabilitation to perform certain accompaniment sessions that the speech therapists of those centers perform for the patients of those centers during the COVID-19 crisis period via video communication, so that the continuity of the care during the COVID-19 crisis can be guaranteed and the preliminary crisis and the preliminary crisisen and the preliminary crisisen can be guaranteed are performed without danger to infection. Because qualitative guidance sessions by a logopedist are not possible via the telephone because the speech therapist must be able to see how the patient speaks, only guidance sessions are provided via video communication. Article 27, § 1 and§ 2, gives the possibility of the reference centers for Cerebral Palsy to provide the provision "Punctual advice" for the patients of those centers, during the COVID-19 crisis period, via telephone or video communication, so that the continuity of care during the COVID-19 crisis period can be guaranteed the benefits safely, without danger to infection. Although benefits via video communication presumably produces better results, benefits via telephone facilities also become patients from the target group who do not have the possibility of video communication or who are insufficiently trusted. Possibility of the cognitive behavioral therapists who collaborate with the multidisciplinary diagnostic center for patients with chronic fatigue syndrome, to realize the cognition behavior therapy sessions that cognitive behavioral therapists, during the COVID-19 crisitation, so that the continence of the video commentation during the video commercation to be performed by the video commentation to be the video commentation to be the video commentation to be the video commentation to be the video commentation. -19-crisisheri can be guaranteed and the benefits can be made safely, without the risk of infection. Because that qualitative guidance sessions by a psychologist are not possible via the phone because the psychologist cannot take the body language into account of the patient, only guidance sessions Video communication are foreseen. Article 29 provides for the lifting of the Royal Decree of 18 March 2020 establishing various exceptional measures regarding the mandatory insurance for medical care and benefits with a view to the care care of patients in context of the COVID -19 Pandemie with the SARS-COV-2 virus. After all, the provisions provided for in that Royal Decree will be included in this Decree. Title 4. - Structure chapter 1. Shift care center relating to Chapter 1 that relates to the Switch Care Center by the Risk Management Group (RMG) on 20 March 2020 to provide support to setting up temporary reception structures for people affected by the Coronavirus and who no longer need hospital care or no longer need, but who cannot return to their normal residence situation that they are still contagious. That is how the "Primary & Outpatient Capacity committee" commissioned to further develop this. This committee is a working group within Dermg that is coordinated by the Directorate General Healthcare of Federal Public Service Volks Health and consists of representatives of all governments, Defense, the hospital domains, professional organizations of doctors, cities and municipalities, partners such as the health insurance funds, the Red Cross, Doctor special Boundaries.This decision to set up switching care centers was taken to prevent too many people from being admitted to the hospital or staying in the hospital without actually having a hospital care, and therefore to prevent the workload in the hospital to increase further. The structures are not intended to provide long -term care and are set up for a limited period, depending on the duration needed to control the current health crisis. All governments of the regions or communities can decide to open a switching care center, and only advice from the governor of the province in which the opening of the Switch Care Center is being considered. This is the need for this to activate such structures based on the places that are still available in other switching care centers in the region, but also on the basis of the number of COVID-19 patients that is still in the hospital. It is also the task of the they government with the owner or operator of the classrooms to make agreements about the commissioning of the classrooms, the use of the equipment, the provision of personnel, liability and insurance coverage, the duration of use, the restoration of the equipment after the commissioning , ... It is the same government that will make the decision to close a switching center when it appears that it fits in the non-langer a need that results from the COVID-19 health crisis. If necessary, this government can still, if patients at the time of the decision to close in the Switch Care Centers, decide to kill these patients to other switching care centers that are active on their territory. These centers are intended for the admission of patients identified patients with coronavirus, who for this reason have been admitted to the hospital, or for those who have been established after a study by a triage and purchase center or a service of emergencies that their condition does not have to be admitted to the hospital. If the hospital or The research in a triage and purchase center or in the emergency service service shows that there are reasons that these patients cannot adhere to deregels of hygiene and insulation on their return to their normal living situation or because they still need specific care that cannot be offered that cannot be offered in The ordinary living situation, these patients can be temporarily engaged and to a switching care center. Recording in a switching care center is possible in one or more of the following situations: 1 ° the home is too small to isolate the patient of the people with whom he lives; 2 ° in the elderly, people with immunity Whether they suffer from chronic airway disorders, dieseling living with the patient and for which no temporary alternative residence can be found to accommodate it; 3 ° The hygienic conditions in the home do not make it possible to respect the recommendations regarding insulation, hygiene and distance correctly; 4; ° the patient is self-reliant and cannot respect the recommended insulating or hygiene regulations, self-meet support for informal care or family members; 5 ° for a patient who is generally autonomous and who needs temporary rehabilitation care because of admission (including after long stay at a intensive care service) that cannot be given in a home situation and in the absence of the necessary equipment or due to the unsuitability of the home. Defense that a patient is answered to one or more of these situations in consultation with the patient and the persons/structures in the first line that can confirm this situation, including below Social Services of the Health Insurance Fund or the OCMW, Family Care Services, Integrated Services Prevention, the "Centers de Coordination de Soins à Domicile". If it concerns a patient that under normal circumstances in a collective/residential structure and where Covid-19Werd detected In the event of dismissal from the hospital, the patient must be refused to the collective/residential stay. If it is impossible to guarantee the conditions of insulating or hygiene or care continuity, as a result of exceptionally difficult circumstances within the residential residence of temporary care in the Switching Center can definitely nThe switching care centers must be to include the patients who are located in the following situations: 1 ° for a patient in which COVID-19 was detected and who has no chronic condition, is self-reliant is generally independent in his daily life, is alone Daily monitoring of certain parameters needed to detect any deterioration of its condition: temperature measurement twice day, detection of signs of fever, observation of respiratory function, assessment of the cardiovascular function, assessment of the general state of the patient, etc.2 ° for one patient whereby-covid-19 was detected and who is generally not independent in daily life (disoriented, geriatric, with a handicap, katz scale home nursing a, b or c, etc.) or that needs chronic care (wound care, insulin, etc.), the switching care center must offer framework that put him in a state in addition to the daily command to receive the parameters the care that his dependency situation is a patient who is generally autonomous, whereby COVID-19 was detected who needs temporary rehabilitation care because of admission to the hospital (including Calculation of Stay on a Service intensive care) that cannot be given in a home situation Omwillevan The lack of the necessary equipment or due to the unsuitability of the home, must be a framework that will enable him to receive the care in addition to the daily monitoring of the parameters Recovery process required. Inside This switching care centers is the cost of care provided by doctors, nurses and care experts in a specific way and within the Devel conditions of this Decree charged by the RIZIV.alle other medical benefits for these patients according to the existing rules within the existing rules Health Insurance Act.artikel31 determines which costs to be the subject of the compensation by the mandatory insurance for medical provision. Article 32 describes the target group of patients where a distinction is made between two situations of patients where COVID-19 was detected and who for differently in the dismissal from the hospital or after checking on a triage post or emergency service service can not return their normal residence situation. The first situation is about patients who live in normal circumstances at home and where the lack of guarantees regarding isolation, hygiene or distance keeps the inclusion in a switching care justified. The second situation of patients Those who reside in normal circumstances in a residential institution whereby Deteruger is impossible to be guaranteed under safe circumstances. For the sake of psychosocialies, the stay in a switching care center must be limited to a minimum over time and preferably no longer than 1 week. It is still autonomous people: in that case it is sufficient to be a daily monitoring of a number of parameters. The OM a person who is nevertheless dependent in daily functioning or needs chronic care: in that case, a framework must be offered in addition to monitoring a number of parameters, which his dependency situation is. Long residence intensive treatment) Need temporary rehabilitation care that are not kang in the home situation. In Articles 34 to 37, a specific allowance provides for the presents and nurses and health care experts. What the doctors concern are provided for the assignment, the design, the The following reimbursements foreseen:- for follow-up, forth me Ten care that during the day is carried out by a doctor: reimbursement of 80.34 euros per hour performed. Maximum 8 hours per day per group of 30 patients .- For availability by 1 doctor in the evening and nights: a fee of 6.51 euros per hour.- Cumul with consultations and supervisory shonaria. :-For follow-up, supervision and care, an allowance per performed hour is provided for a maximum of6 VTE (of which 4 nurses and 2 care experts) per group of 30 patients. This corresponds metmaximum 6 x 38 hours per week: 228 hours.- This allowance amounts to 47.25 euros per hour for nurses and 34.96 euros for health care experts. Article 38 provides a number of precisionsm.b.t. The allowance for other benefits:-medicines: can be delivered both by a hospital pharmacy and by a public officina. The prescription is made electronically- With regard to the physiotherapy reliefs in a switching care center, a specific provision is being introduced that is reimbursed through the patient's health insurance fund from the mandatory health insurance policy. There is no personal share nor supplement due to the rights for this provision. With regard to the benefits in the context of spiritual health care: all possible existing structures, including exceptional nomenclature of psychiatrists and psychologists in the context of COVID- 19.- The mainly other medical care applies the regular conditions regarding compensation from the mandatory data insurance. Article 39 provides that the specific allowances are not degraded if the benefits have been made by volunteers or if the cost of these care providers has been financed in a different way. That the person in charge of a disabling center to the RIZIV can invoice the costs according to the provisions of this decision. In article 41 is provided for the registration. Since the insurance institutions must check on the charging of benefits (VB No cumul with consultations, no nomenclature home nursing), it is necessary that they have the patient data stating the date of recording of dismissal. This information is collected centrally from the Federal Public Service Public Health is communicated to the National Intermutualist College via the RIZIV. Article 42 determines that the care providers make benefits in the Switch Care Center under the responsibility of the Switch Care Center. The Schakelzorgcentrum guarantees itself from the status regarding the necessary insurance policies regarding professional liability and industrial accident insurance. Article43 provides for this on the basis of the "recognition" that the RIZIV receives because of the sharing entities, on the website list of the centers that, if they are the provisions of this decision respect, the allowances can invoice. These centers will be notified of this; They should not conclude a specific agreement with the RIZIV. Hoofdtuk 2. Triage and decrease in transport articles 44 to 52 regulate the temporary financing of the triage and purchase center. Covid-19 Infection. If the general practitioner believes that a clinical examination is essential to judge the infection, he can, under certain circumstances, conduct the research himself if he has the necessary protection material (gloves, type II surgical masks, ...). If he). He does not have the material, if possible, he refers to a triading items to the hospital. Because of the protection material shortages, GPs are asked to organize triage points. The report of the "Primary and Outpatient Caresurge Capacity" committee of 17 March 2020 shows another objective: avoiding an overload of the emergency services with patients who are not hospitalization at that time need. The triage and softening centers are therefore usually opened in the vicinity of a hospital or an emergency service. Triage and decrease centers are therefore specifically set up centers to investigate patients who may be infected with COVID-19, after they were referred by a doctor. These patients do not have to go to the waiting room of a general practitioner or to go to the emergency department of a hospital, where they can infect others. If necessary, the triage and purchase center then refers them to the hospital for hospitalization. The centers are an initiative of doctors, Hospitals and governments and are part of primary care. During the meeting of 24 April 2020, the "Primary and Outpatient Care Surge Capacity" committee has recommended to grant an additional function to the triage and decrease centers in the context of the `contact tracing calls 'The center is supervised by a medical responsible person. In addition, his medical coordinators who are responsible for the daily organization, the planning, the distribution of Darts, etc ... The physical investigations are carried out by doctors and triage and decrease centers can rely on nurse and administrative support. Setting up and running these specific structures are considerable and are taken by the compulsory insurance for medical careOn 21 March 2020, consultations were held on the introduction of a financing for the triage and decrease centers with the representatives of the doctors in the National Committee on Doctors-Ziekenfonds and on 24 March 2020 with the representatives of the insurance institutions in the National Committee for Doctors-Ziekenfondsen. Article 445bat The definition of a triage and decrease center. Article 45 Legs the procedure fixed for the assignment of an identification number, necessary for invoicing. The centers can make the account number known via a choice form on which the flat -rate reimbursements and the fees can be deposited. This gives the possibility to the triage and decrease centers to redistribute the income. Item 46 lists the reimbursements that can be requested from March 23, 2020: a fixed reimbursement for the start-up, daily coordination, and the nursing and administrative support and one reimbursement per performance for the medical examination. Article47 determines the basic conditions and the maximum amount (7,230.60 euros) for the allocation of the reimbursement for the start -up cost that should be further worked out in a Royal Decree. The patient in the triage and purchase center. This is corresponding to that of a consultation with an accredited general practitioner (26.78 euros). The personal share is fully charged by the mandatory insurance for medical care. If the consultation takes place on Saturday, Sunday or on a public holiday, a surcharge is granted (13.20 euros). The Article 49 determines the compensation conditions. The article 50 records the payment modalities. The benefits are not charged via the traditional road with a test in a witness or E-Fact, but with a system of collective states on which a minimum of data is provided that are then bundled by the institute and paid by the insurance institutions. Limiting actions, formalities and paper contributes to safety and deefficiency. Article 51 records the flat -rate amounts to which the triage items are entitled to coordinator by the medical coordinator (80.34 euros per hour) and the administrative support (34.96 euro per hour). A maximum of 12 hours per day can be charged, regardless of the number of medical coordinators, nurses or administrative assistants present in the triage and purchase center. This item also records the fixed amount for the nursing support (47.25 euros per hour). 12 hours are charged, regardless of the number of nurses present in the triple and purchase center. The king is also authorized to provide a financial intervention for the actions to be determined by him in a triage and purchase center and the further rules for that financial intervention to be Determine. Article 52 sets the payment modalities -sturdy. Head -head 3. Weekwacht the articles 53 to 56 arrange the temporary and exceptional financing of the GP watch posts during the evenings and the nights of the week. In normal circumstances, these waiting posts work during the weekends. The waiting posts make it possible to organize the organization of medical permanence fewer general practitioners. A number of doctors disabled or exhausted by the COVID19 crisis, so that the normal organization of the drivers is difficult or more burdensome for the waiting doctors. The opening of the waiting posts during the week can be able to contribute to the preservation of doctors in their practice or for the guard, or their return promoting. The measure, which aims at rapid financing, is temporary in nature and is thus restricted to a period of three months. The budgetary resources are available in the global budget that was laid down for 2020 for the operation of the GP watch posts. The introduction of the Weekwacht measures was held in the lap of the National Committee for Doctors-Sieken Funds on 6 April 2020. Article 53 contains the principle of The financing of the operation of the GPAWWEG OFFENTIONS TIME AT for a period limited to three months. Item 54 determines the conditions for the financing, in particular the registration of the waiting activity. Item 55 determining the amount of the financing (50,000 euros) and financial arrangement On the other hand. Article 56 regulates the reporting on the measure to the bodies that are competent within the mandatory health insurance. The measure and its rapid implementation are necessary to offer a framework to the GPs on Dekortst in a possible time to temut less of watch during the week so that can remain available or zic h can turn back in the fight against HetCovid-19-Virus.titel 5- Nurses Het RIZIV has consulted these measures with representatives of the sector in the Nursing Insurance Insurance Committee on 1 and 7 April 2020. These measures were also discussed in the context of the consultations between RIZIVEN Insurance Institutions on 7 April 2020. The COVID-19-Pandemie has Several consequences for home nursing. The home nurses must consider special protection measures to safeguard themselves and their patients from infection. In addition, Nursing Practices Sum consciously reduce less essential care to release capacity for the specific COVID-19 Relationship request. To take this new COVID-19 context into account, 2 measures are worked out, in consultation with the sector and the insurance institutions, those that during the COVID-19 crisis: 1) Follow-up and supervision in patients with a COVID-19 Related problems2) Valorization of Nursing Care during the COVID-19 Measures: Costs and use of protection material chapter1. Follow-up and supervision in patients with a COVID-19-Related Problem article 57 specifics the way in which the benefits are indicated and determines the various specific provisions that are created and their application conditions. This concerns the following benefits: 419333 Follow-up and supervision of patients with a COVID-19 Related problems, diagnosed by a doctor W 2,946419355 Follow-up and supervision during the weekend or at home at home in patients with a COVID-19 Related problems, diagnosed by a doctor W 4,50419370 Follow-up and supervision in patients with a COVID- 19-related problems, diagnosed by a doctor W 2,946419392 Follow-up and supervision in a common place of residence of disabled people in patients with a COVID-19 related problems, diagnosed by a doctor W 2.946 in this article is clarified under follow-up n Supervisory. In Article 58 it is clarified what is understood by a patient with COVID-19-related problems;- at home;- Home weekend or holiday;- Restoring resort;- Common residential or place of residence of the disabled. :-the regulation;-the number of benefits that may be charged per day; -th cumulation or the prohibition on cumulation with certain other benefits and pseudocodes;-the provisions of art. 8, § 3 of the nomenclature-- taking the calculation of the daily ceiling;- the professional groups by whom they may be charged- the documentation in the nursing file;- the reporting to the treating Arts.artic 660 stipulates that no personal share is due Is by the beneficiaries. Articles 61beplaarts that no fee supplements may be charged. Chapter 2. Valorization of nurse Care during the COVID-19 Measures: Costs and use of protection material article 62 Describes the motivation for the introduction of an additional amount that can be added to decisitics provisions. Article 63 specifies for which benefits and fees the industry can be charged and the way in which, and determines the various specific pseudocodesdie and their application conditions. The following pseudocodes: 419252bijkoming amount in addition to a base for a stretching of a stretching of a stretching of a stretching of a stretching of a stretching of a stretching of a stretching of a stretching of a stretching to a stretching of a stretching to a stretching of a stretching to a stretching of a stretching of a stretching of a stretching of a stretching of a stretching of a stretching/FUTFAIT 419274 An additional amount in addition to a fixed amount A/fixed PA W 0.637419296 additional amount in addition a fixed amount B/fixed pb W 0.776419311 In addition to a fixed -up C 1,109de :- The place of provision;- the day of provision: no distinction between week, weekends holiday;- Non-Meenemen in the calculation of the daily ceiling; Article 64beplets that no personal share is owed by the rightholders.titel 6.- Labotestener were concluded around the measures described in this Decree during informal consultation remotely with representatives of mutualities, laboratories, hospitals, sciensano, fagging the clinical biology committee on 17 March and 16 April 2020Considering the explanation of the WHO about the characteristics of the Coronavirus COVID-19, in particular with regard to infectiousness, the death risk and the number of cases that was detected; predominantly strategic recommendation of the WHO for Labo Tests for COVID19 on March 20, 2020: Laboratory Testing strategy Recommendations for COVID-19; Considering the guidelines of the Risk Management Groupinzake the investigation of the SARS-COV-2 virus; Considering the Memorandum from Sciensano on the use of immunological tests in the context of COVID-19 Pandemie of 3 April 2020; Predominantly limited capacity and the scarcity of test material; predominantly the interests for public health to be able to offer the limited tests to the most emergency groups; predominantly restrictions on tests and the associated risks; Article 65 shows an overview of all measures: 1 ° there is a reimbursement of testing of clinical biology with a teog on the o ps tracks of the SARS-COV-2 virus and with a view to detecting antigens of the aforementioned virus under certain conditions; 2 ° There is no personal share for these tests; 3 ° There is a ban on honor supplements; 4 ° there is one prohibition on the charging of test ends not comply with the application conditions to patients; 5 ° There is a temporary prohibition on charging serological tests. article 66 records the reimbursement of testing clinical biology with a view to tracing the SARS-COV-2 virus and with a view to detecting antigens of the aforementioned virus. These tests were not yet specifically reimbursable via the mandatory health insurance. The benefits are described via pseudomo clature codes: 554934-554945- detecting at least the SARS-COV-2 virus by means of a technique of molecular amplification55555555555549960- -COV-2-Virus. The rate for the provision 554934-554945 mites 46.81 euros, the rate for the provision 554956-554960 is 16.72 euros. The tests are highly recommended in national and international guidelines, such as the Guidelines Nomendoor de Risk Management Group, published on the website of the Sciensano and the strategic recommendation of the WHO for Labo Tests for COVID-19 on March 20, 2020: Laboratory Strategy Recommendations For Covid-19. The Antigentests have a lower sensitivity than the molecular tests, Maarleveren a fast result and can help to increase capacity during the peak of the pandemic. DeTesten will be reimbursed wo When they are used according to the guidelines of the Risk ManagementGroup that is published on the Sciensano website or in exceptional situations of clearly recovery clinical need for risk patients. In addition, tests are only reimbursed in recognized laboratories that meet the conditions that sciensano sets regarding Quality surveys that also meet certain biological safety regulations. To be able to follow the evolution of the depandemic in Belgium, the results of the tests must be sent to Sciensano's Dependence Pidemiology. To be able to use the scarce tests correctly and rationally with the most necessary groups with a one Steel An application form is added, signed by A doctor, which at least contains the following information regarding the clinical circumstances where the test is requested:- Identification of patient and prescriber;- requested.- or the test is done within D he test guidelines published at the time of the steel collection on the website of Sciensano. or the test is exceptionally done in the event of a clear demonstrative requirement at risk patient, it is also recommended that this application form will comprise ded retails of the clinical situation, whether it is and a care provider or risk patient and the hospitalization status. This must enable a prioritization if there are more requests than available capacity. To make epidemiological, scientific and administrative analyzes possible must save the application forms in electronic forms. For the period of 1 March tot and 22 April the Connections 554934-554945 and 554956-554960 each applies to each 2 times per rightholder. From April 22, 2020, the test guidelines were relaxed and more much testing can be tested. For example, testing 1 to 2 times can be tested with asymptomatic patients Bijelke admission or with every new occupant of a residential collectivity. Due to these broad screening, different situations arise where more than 2 tests are justified and the maximum of 2 times per rightholder is no longer sustainableThe fee for benefits 554934-554945 and 554956-554960 includes all costs associated with the test: the purchase material, equipment, reagents, investment costs, quality assurance, personnel costs, supervision, protection costs, administrative costs, ... in the reimbursement conditions are described in Article 66, § 3, conditions are also included in connection with. The order of execution, repeating and cumulating the tests that enforce rational use of the tests. The benefits 554934-554945 and 554956-554960 cannot be charged for the collective screening of asymptomatic residents of a residential collective for persons, residence center, residence center, residence center, residence center, residence center, residence center, residence center, residence center, residence center, residence center, residence center, residence center, residence center, residence center, With disabilities, reception centers, prison, ...). These tests will be carried out and reimbursed through the test platform -organized by and with the cooperation of the federal government and federated entities.ikel67 stipulates that there is no personal share for the entitled parties. Item 68 makes a ban on fees. charging of tests on mandatory health insurance or to the patient if they do not meet the application conditions described in Article 66, § 3. This is necessary to be able to use scarce tests and limited capacity for patients with the greatest risks, to the quality of the Testing monitoring and protecting patients against unnecessary medical costs. This concerns, for example, testing that happens outside the test guidelines and without clearly demonstrable clinical necessity in risk patients, which are performed in a laboratory that does not appear on the list of sciensano or that are performed with test material that was not approved by the Fagg of Sciensano. Temporary ban on for charging serological tests for the investigation of antibodies against the SARS-COV-2 virus, for the term of the application of the Royal Decree of 17 March 2020 to establish a ban on the posting, commissioning and use Fast tests for measuring antibodies with regard to the SARS-COV-2 virus. The serological testing will play an important role in the next phase. For the time being there are no clear practical guidelines for its use. According to the advice of the Risk Assessment Group on indication positions Use for the diagnosis and follow-up of COVID-19 dating from 20/04/2020 there is still validation of the different types of serological tests. The tests will be useful on a diagnostic, occupational medical and epidemiological level, the use of these serological tests in this domain must be determined even better. Here too, a scarcity of tests that must be rational must be taken into account by the scientifically based reimbursement conditions. The detection of antigens of and antibodies against the SARS-COV-2 virus cannot yet be charged the benefits 552016-552020 or 55165 -551666 From Article 24 of the Annex to the Royal Decree of 14 September 1984 establishing the nomenclature of the Medical Insurance Insurance for Medical Care and Benefit. If the use of the Serological Tests is published on the SciENANO website, this is possible prohibition withdrawn and a repayment can be foreseen. The king will determine the target groups and the compensation conditions of the investigation tests that occur on a list set up by sciensano. The value of the provision is set at 9.60 euros. Ikel71 provides that the King - for the categories of care providers he indicates and under the conditions he determines - can provide a temporary financial intervention with the costs of special protection measures materials, in the context of the COVID 19 pandemie. , whatever species, are charged by the care providers with regard to the costs of special protection measures and materials, regardless of the Convention Statute. Title 8. -lock provisions article 72 provides for the king to determine the date of the temporary measures. In function of, among other things, the evolution of the sanitary situation, the general situation, the measures implemented as a result of the phases regarding the lifting of restraints the actual availability of care providers, the end of the various measures will have to be spread in time. The king will therefore be able to set the most suitable date for each measure to lift itThis decision will have to be ratified by law in accordance with the corresponding article 7, second paragraph, of the law of 27 March 2020, which authorizes the king for taking measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 (II). The measures that are taken on the basis of this Decree will have a limited effect over time and do not aim to change the regulations definition. However, the necessary follow -up for those acts, and in the special invoicing and payments, will still require some time to regularize after the last Vandie actions will be taken. Article 73 provides for the cancellation of the Royal Decree of 27 March 2020 to stop The calendars that determine the deadlines for the implementation of de procedures to change the list of reimbursable pharmaceutical specialties and of the list of the reimbursable implants and invasive medical devices as a result of the Pandemie COVID-13. Article 1 of the text has in design The same objective. Article 74 determines the effects of the Royal Decree. In order to ensure the interests of patients and the caregivers, proposed that the measures can be taken retroactively. The provisions of Title 3 have elaboration with effect from March 14, 2020. The molecular tests will be charged from March 1, 2020, the antigen will test can be charged from 1 April2020. The provisions concerning the protection measures have elaboration with effect from 4 May 2020. The authorization to the king to provide a financial intervention for the actions set in a triage and purchase center, comes into effect on a date to be determined by the king. I have the honor to be, Sire, Van Your Majesty, this respectful and very faithful servant, the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health, M. de Block13 May 2020. - Royal Decree no. 20 containing temporary measures in the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie and to ensure the continuity of care in the mandatory Insurance for Medical Care Filip, King of the Belgians, are to all servants and hereinafter referred to our greeting on the law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the King to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronaviruscovid-19 ( Ii), Articles 5, § 1, 1 °, and 6; Having regard to the Mandatory Insurance Act for Medical Care and Benefits, coordinated on July 14, 1994; having regard to the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on 5 May 2020; In view of the agreement finding of the Minister of Budget, given on May 8, 2020; Having regard to Article 8, § 2, 2 °, of the Act of 15 December 2013 containing various provisions on administrative simplification, this Decree is exempt from a regulatory impact analysis; in view of on the law of March 27, 2020, authorization grants the king to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus Covid-19 (i), Article 4, second paragraph; Deisendheid motivated by the outbreak of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Pandemie on the Belgian territory and the impossible to formally convene the established authorities; Considering the substantial increase in formal and physical consultation that would be necessary in technical working groups, councils and committees for decorative situations as a result to tackle the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19; predominantly necessity to regularize all measures that have already been established for reasons of public health and continuity of care have already been taken as soon as possible as well as to restrict the retroactive effect and to guarantee the legal certainty For all actors who are involved in the fight against the Pandemie every day; on the nomination of the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health on the advice of the ministers met in the Council, we have decided and we decide: Title1. - General provisions article 1. Subject to an opposite mention in this Decree or other legal or regulatory provision after 13 March 2020, the Diezijn periods will be provided for by or pursuant to the compulsory insurance for medical care benefits, coordinated on July 14, 1994, with Exception of the deadlines provided by or force department XVI and Department XXII of Chapter V of Title III, the titles IV, V, VBIS, Chapter III VI -Title VI and Chapters II, III and IV of Title VII of the law, suspended from 13 March 2020 Until the king's king is determined in a generic way or for some of those deadlines. 2. The procedures established by or pursuant to the Mandatory Insurance Insurance and Benefits, Coordinated on July 14, 1994, can take place in writing or at a distanceIf necessary, the advice can be collected within a shorter period than the legal or regulatory period or the measures can be taken without the legal or regulatory proposals or advice being sought in advance. Titre 2. - Oxygen concentrator art.3. In Chapter 2, Section 6, of part 1 of the Annex attached to the Royal Decree of 24 October2002 establishing the procedures, periods and conditions under which the compulsory insurance for medical care and benefits meet the costs of the benefits referred to in Article 34, First paragraph, 20 °, of the Mandatory Insurance Insurance for Medicine Provisions and Benefits, coordinated on 14 July 1994, most recently amended by the Royal Decree of 13 March 2016, the following changes are made: 1 ° in § 1, the list of the funds will be made Supplemented with the following agents: fixed oxygen concentrator, Devilbiss Drive525 KS (SOS Oxygene Benelux) Fixed oxygen concentrator, Perfecto2 Invacare (SOS Oxygene Benelux) Fixed acid concentrator, Platinum 9 Invacare (SOS Oxygene Benelux) 2 ° As follows: Installation by the supplier: Cat. Code Benaming en verpakking Dénomination et conditionnement PrijsPrix Vergoedingsbasis Base de remboursement I II AVASTE ZUURSTOFCONCENTRATOR,DEVILBISS DRIVE 525 KS/OXYCONCENTRATEUR FIXE, DEVILBISS DRIVE 525 KS (SOS OXYGENE Benelux)31,80 31,80 0,00 0,00 AVASTE ZUURSTOFCONCENTRATOR, PERFECTO2INVACARE / Oxy concentrator Fixe, Perfecto2 Invacare (SOS Oxygene Benelux) 31.80 0.80 0.000.00 Avaste oxygen concentrator, Platinum 9 Invacare/ Oxy concentrateerfixe, Platinum 9 -Invacare (SOS Oxygene Benelux) 2.80 31.80 ° in § 8.80 31.80 31.80 ° 8.80 ° 80.80 31.80 ° 80.80 31.80 °8.80 ° 80.80 31.80 ° 80.80 31.80) Is point A, 2 °, a), supplemented as follows: Rental money and maintenance: cat. Code name and Packagingdénomination et Conditioning Price Prix Reference Base The Cash Cashback IIA -resistant oxygen concentrator, Devilbiss Drive 525 KS/Oxy concentratorfixe, Devilbiss Drive 525 KS (SOS Oxygene Benelux) 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10 (10.00 .o .o 00.00 .o .o 00a .o .o. 00.00 .o .o 00a .o .o .o .o .o .o00. 00a .oxaste Benelux) Benelux -Oxastux). /Oxy concentrator Fixe, Perfecto2, Invacare (Sosoxygene Benelux) 90.10 90.10 0.00 0.00 Avast Oxygen Concentrator, Platinum 9, Invacare/Oxy concentrator Fixe, Platinum 9 Invacare (SOS Oxygene Benelux) 90.10 90.10 , 00 humidifier for one -time use: cat. Code name and packaging Dénomination et Condition price Prix reimbursement base The brake delivery II II Avastic acid concentrator, Devilbiss Drive 525 KS/Oxy concentrator Fixe, Devilbiss Drive 525 KS (SOS Oxygene Beneluxer) 5.5.1OVATOR) /Oxy concentrator Fixe, Perfecto2, Invacare (SOS Oxygene Benelux) 5.51 5.510.00 0.00 Avaste Oxygen Concentrator, Platinum 9 Invacare/Oxy concentratorfixe Platinum 9, Invacare (SOS Oxygene Benelux) 5.51 0.00 0.00 3. - Continuckteit of healthcare chapter 1. - General provisions art.4. § 1. The provisions are indicated by a rank number before the description of the provision. The description of each provision is followed by the tracking letter N for the benefits of the doctors or dentist, c for supervision by a doctor specialist in a hospital Included court, K ​​for the technical benefits of doctors specialists, M for the benefits of physiotherapists. § 2. That keyter letter comes before a coefficient number that indicates the dewent value of each provision. § 3. The tracking letter is a sign of the value of the EURO as follows:- Before the provision 444710- 444721 included Article 5 of this Decree, the value of the key letter K is set at 1,290865 EUR;- for the benefits included in Article 6 of this Decree is the value of the keyter letter to 0.774166 EUR;- for the benefits included in Article 6 of this decision, the value of the key letter C sets at 1,4 EUR;- for the provisions included Articles 8 , 9 and 10 of this Decree, the value of N is set at 2 EUR benefits included In Article 12 of this Decree, the value of N is set at 4 EUR-Before the provision 518011 In Article 13 of this Decree, the Value of the key letters set at 0.930233 EUR;- Before the provision 518033 included in Article 13 of this decision, the value of the keyterter M is set at 0.925926 EUR. § 4. Opelke Note, drawn up to support the performance of some provision, the rank number referred to in §1 must be stated. § 5For the purposes of this decision, it is said: 1 ° "the nomenclature" in Articles 4 to 18 of this Decree: the nomenclature of the medical benefits as referred to in the annex to the Royal Decree of 14 September1984 establishing the nomenclature of the medical benefits regarding compulsory insurance for medical care and benefits; 2 ° "the nomenclature" in Articles 19 to 28 of this Decree: Royal Decree of 10 January 1991 establishing the Nomenclature of the Rehabilitation provisions referred to in Article 23, § 2, Second paragraph, of the Developmental Insurance Act for Medical Care and Benefit, coordinated on 14 July 1994, to determine the fees and prices of those benefits and determining the amount of the insurance policy in those fees and prices. . 5. Short irradiation in breast cancer patients: 444710-444721Borstborstborst radiation radiation venue (5 fractions) with the use of intensity modulation (IMRT) in the context of COVID-19K 2000. In contrast to the provisions of Article 19, § 1, category 4, of Denomenclature, is the obligation to administer at least 15 fractions according to IMRT not applicable to the provision 444710-444721.kapstem 3.-Special supervision of patients with COVID-19Ar.6. § 1. Identification of the COVID-19 patient: 793800COVID-19 patient N0de provision 793800 is certified for all hospitalized COVID-19 patients. Undercovid-13 patient is understood:-a person with laboratory confirmation of COVID-19 infection A person with whom the laboratory test for COVID-19 is negative, but for whom the diagnosis of COVID-19 is made on the basis of a suggestive clinical presentation and a compatible CT Thorax.§ 2. benefits that require the skill of a doctor specialist such as stipulated in Article13, § 1, b, of the nomenclature: 211960 measurements of Hartdebiet by thermodilution curven or dye dilution curves, from the first day for COVID-19 patients, per day n 92th provision211960 is not cumulable with the provision 211326 of the Nomenclature. 211982 Supervision the Extracorporel Membraanoxygenation (ECMO) outside the surgical operations, from the second day before COVID-19 patients, per day n 168th provisionin G 211982 cannot be cumulable with the 211385 of Article 13 of the Nomenclature. The application rules for the provision211982 are the same as these for the provision 211363 included in Article 13 of the Nomenclature. 211960 and 211982 can only be charged for Covid-19 patients Included recognized function intensive care as well as on the additional beds for intensive care that the FPS Public Health is transmitted daily. The provision of Article 13, § 2, 10 ° of the nomenclature is suspended. The benefits of Article 13, § 1, b , from the nomenclature and the benefits 211960 and 211982 can also be charged on additional bed intensive care (without service code 49) that are passed on to the FPS daily to the FPS Public Health.§ 3. Connecteds that require the beaking of a physician specialist as determined in Article13, § 1, a, of the nomenclature: 211061 installation and supervision of controlled or assisted C deflecting artificial ventilation, under tracheal intubation or tracheotomy outside Denarcose, included Capnometry, from the third day for COVID-19 patients, per day n 168detringslassing rules for provision 211061 are the same as those for the 211046 of the Nomenclature. On the vital and non-vital functions with a wake device that follows the electrocardiogram at least permanently, including any registrations, outside the Narcoses, the surgical and obstetric operations and outside the functional heart tests, from the third day for COVID-19 patients, per per day n 30th application rules for provision212063 are the same as those for the provision 212041 of Article 13 of the nomenclature.214060continuty surveillance on the heart function (with or without supervision of other vital parameters) with a waking device that, as well as the electrocardiogram, at least the Arterial pressure through an intra-artery cathete R follows (outside the narcoses, the surgical and obstetric operations and outside the functional heart tests), including any registrations, from the third day for COVID-19 patients, per day 85th application rules for provision 214060 are the same as those for the provision214045 of article 13 of the nomenclature214141 Measurements of Hartdebiet by thermodilution curven or dye dilution curves and/or continuous monitoring of the intracardial or pulmonary pressure through an intracardial catheter, from the third day for COVID-19 patients, per day n 92hethonorarium for the provision of the provision for the provision The provision475075-475086 of Article 11 of the nomenclature. The benefits 211061, 212063, 214060 and 214141 can only be charged on non-intensive care beds that are specifically reserved for COVID-19 patients. § 4. Connections for supervision of a COVID-19-patient: 597984bijkomend fee for supervision of the entitled COVID-19 patient included in single hospital, per day C 20th provision 597984 Can be charged by a Arts-Specialist. The provision 597984 can be cumulated once per patient and per day with the usual supervision fee by another doctor-specialist dan the doctor specialist who charges the usual monitoring fee 597984 can be charged for a COVID-19 patient recorded on a recognized Function Intensive Care, on the additional beds for intensive care that are passed on to the FPS Health daily in a COVID-19 department. § 5. The benefits can only be charged in paragraphs 1, 2, 3 and 4 in general hospitals (acute general hospitals, university hospitals and hospitals with a university character). Chapter 4. - care on distanceAart.7. The following basic principles apply to the remote benefits included in Articles 8 TOTS with 13, 16, 19 and 19 to 28: 1 ° The patient or his legal representative gives his information informed for the provision by telephone or video communication; 2 ° the means of communication requires an end-to-end encrypting; 3 ° the patient is the possibility to follow this provision without physical presence; 4 ° the provision of the care of care with the exception of the provisions with regard to the triage; 5 ° the quality of care is guaranteed by providing a limitation in certain cases on the number of benefitsper care provider. Department 1. - Specific care on distance. 8. Care a doctor § 1. Triage: 101990 advice with a view to triage covid-19n 10101835 advice with a view to triage covid-19 during the organized GP service service, an advice with an eye on triage covid-13 is understood after a telephone triage after fullean naamnesis of a patient with symptoms of a possible contamination with the SARS-COV-2 virus, in a special situation where measures are imposing in the field of public health to restrict the risks of distribution. The doctor must be able to clearly identify his patient and notes the File of the patient the telephone contact, the advice that were provided and the nature of the documents that were delivered. § 2. Continuity of care: 101135 advice with the eye for continuity of care N 10 Under Advice with a view to continuity of care means a telephone history of a patient in treatment with the doctor, who cannot meet in person for motivated reasoning in view of the advice In connection with the COVID-19 Pandemie. DEATERS must be able to clearly identify and notes his patient in the patient's file, the motivated reason that requires this advice, the advice provided, the possible adjustments to the treatment schedule and the nature of the documents delivered.§ 3. Application rules: the benefits 101990, 101835 and 101135 are done without any physical research by the sick person. The doctor does not meet the patient in person. The benefits101990, 101835 and 101135 include the preparation and signing of certificates, pharmaceutical regulations all kinds of documents. The provisions 101990 and 101135 can be charged by Elkarts. The provision 101835 can only be charged by a doctor during The organized home practitioners' service. The benefits 101990, 101835 and 101135 may not be merged with the Honorarium for consultation, visit or advice referred to in Article 2 of Nomenenclature. Departments 101990, 101835 and 101135 may not be merged on the same day by the same specialist. Patient per doctor is charged a maximum of 5 times per period of 30 days. The benefits 101990 and 101835 can only be charged once per patient. For the medical houses, telephone advice is 101990 and 101135 replaced in the fixed amount for general practitioner medicine. These codes cannot therefore be charged for registered patients. These codes, on the other hand, can be charged for telephone advice for non-written patientsDuring the general practitioner service, the doctors, working in the medical houses, can also use the code 101835 for patients who are not registered in a medical house. Pre -patients registered with a medical house who receive telephone advice from a doctor who does not work during the organized GP service service A medical house, the fee paid, will not be recovered at the medical house where the patient is registered.art. 9. Care by a psychiatrist § 1. Advice: 101872 advice With a view to a possible-drilling referral of the patient to a mobile 2A team or a psychiatric emergency service N10De, the provision 101872 requires the telephone anamnesis of the patient. The provision101872 can only be patient charged. § 2. Adult, child and adolescent psychiatry: 101894 session with a minimum duration of 30 minutes, without physical presence, with a view to a psychiatric diagnosis or a psychotherapeutic treatment N22.5th provision 101894 implies a telephone or video communication between the doctors the patient. 101916 session with a minimum duration of 45 minutes, without physical presence, with a view to rescheduling psychotherapeutic treatment that were started for the government measurement 101916 implies a video communication between the doctors the patient. § 3. Child and adolescent psychiatry: 101931 session Immediately minimum duration of 60 minutes in view of a media therapy of a child or young person of the lesson for 18 years with the participation of one or more adults who are responsible for upbringing and daily guidance, without physical presence n 48the Supply 101931 implies a video commuting interpretation The doctor and the participants. The provision 101931 always requires the participation of higher -named volume (s), whether or not together with the child. For the psychotherapeutic treatment the child, without physical presence, the provision is patented 101916. 101953 Considerable physical presence between the doctor and the psychologist or orthopedagogue on the ambulant treatment of a patient younger than 18 years n 26th of the provision 101953 implies single -fonic or video communication between the doctor and the psychologist or orthopedagogue with a minimum duration of this provision of the doctor's Roll of n the psychologist or of the remedial educationalist clarify in a treatment plan that was drawn up during an extensive psychiatric evaluation (109351,109410 or 101975), a media therapy (109336, 109675 or 101931) or a hospital admission (K-service). is made up. The signature by the participants is not required. The provision 101953 is included in the limitation of Maximaal 5 Consultation interviews per year for benefits 109373 and 109395,101975 sitting with a minimum duration of 120 minutes with a view to an extensive and individual psychiatric evaluation or less than less than than 18 years, without physical presence, on the prescription of the treating doctor, with file formatting and report n 100th provision 101975 includes, per session, at least one video communication of a minimum of 60 minutes with the patient and possibly the responsible (s) previously education and daily guidance. The provision 101975 also includes the possible contacts for heteroanamnesis of and instructions to third parties (general practitioner, school, reception center) and the supervision and joint interpretation of the necessary psychological tests. The provision 101975 covers the formatting of a detailed treatment plan and the introduction to treatment. 101975 can only be carried out on prescription of the treating arts. The possible repeat of this complete child and adolescent psychiatric evaluation requires a prescription from the treating doctor. The provision 101975 is included in the limitation of a maximum of seven charged provisions 109351 and 109410 per complete evaluation. § 4. General application rules: the benefits 101872, 101894, 101916, 101931, 101953 and 101975 can only be charged with doctor specialists in psychiatry and physician specialists in neuropsychiatry.teneindede quality of the benefits to be the maximum for The whole vandie benefits set at 8 hours per physician specialist. The benefits 101894, 101916.101931, 101953 and 101975 are not cumulable among themselves. The benefits 101894, 101916,101931, 101953 and 101975 are not cumulable Performed the same day by the same or another physician specialist in psychiatry or physician specialist in neuropsychiatryFor the part of the measures regarding the partial day or night recordings in psychiatric hospital departments, including the adjustments following COVID-19 Pandemie, the benefits 101872, 101894, 101916, 101931, 101953 and 101975 are not charged, with an only amount of the bonds 101975, with the exceptional. can be charged, outside the normal attendance hours in the hospital, pre -patients in partial night admission of whom regular psychotherapeutic treatment was going on the hospital before 14 March 2020.Art. 10. Care by one-neuropediatrist: 101791 session of at least 45 minutes, without physical presence, for the follow-up of children, adolescents or younger than 23 years with neurological development disorders (autism-spectrum disorder, attention disorder or hyperactivity) or the serious behavior) N 25th provision 101791 comprises: 1 ° a mandatory contact via telephone or video communication with the patient with guidance and support from adults who are responsible for education; 2 ° the possible adjustment of the treatment; 3 ° a written report that is obliged to the treating doctor must be delivered. The provision101791 implies a telephone or video communication between the doctor and the participants. The provision of 101791 can only be charged by physician specialists in neurology or pediatric die holder of the special professional title in child neurology. The guarantee is the maximum daily duration of all those benefits per physician specialist the neurology or pediatrics that are holder of the special professional title in child neurology. Definitated at 8 hours. The provision 101791 cannot be cumulated with the provision 101135Alt with the consultations referred to in Article 2 of the Annex to the Royal Decree of 14 September1984 establishing the nomenclature, which were carried out the same day by any physician specialist in neurology or pediatrics that are holder of the special professional title in Kinderneurology.art.11. Contrary to the provision "The benefits 350372-350383, 350276-350280, 350291-350302, 350394-350405 and 350416-350420 require the simultaneous physical presence of the various participating doctors. organized Video Communication.art. 12. Dental care § 1. Telephone advice: 389012Telphonic advice with possible referral of a patient with a reporting question n 5389034telphonic advice with possible referral of a patient with a reported care demand, in the context of a recognized organized guard service n 5 -ripenson advice is understood to mean an amnesisis With accompanying advice and any drug regulations, any referral. The dentist notes a brief report of contact with the relevant sales in the patient file. When referring, the Practicus who is referred to is informed about the results of the advice and the relevant data. The patient immediately calls the dentist acute care demand or for additional follow -up of their dental treatment. The patient of the reasons of motivated reasons the dentist does not meet in person in view of the advice in connection with Decovid-19 Pandemie. No distinction is made between patients until the 18th birthdays after the 18th birthday. § 2. Terms of Application: the benefits 389012 and 389034 can be granted by all dentists with an RIZIV number. The benefits389012 and 389034 may be charged once per dentist only once per period of 7 calendar days. Patient can the same dentist on the same day 389012 and 389034Niet cumulate with some provision from Article 5 of the Nomenclature. The day's day Derand Doctor can charge a maximum of 10 times the provision 389012. On the days on which a dentist works in the context of an recognized organized guard service can charge the provision 389034 maximum20 times a day . The same day the benefits 389012 and 389034 cannot be secumulated. The benefits 389012 and 389034 do not apply to Hospitalized Patients. The Oral Care Project does not apply. The provisions 389012 and 389034 Nenniet if the required contact in the year 2020 for the amount of the allowances in the year 2021.dekerekekelkings 389012 and 389034 have no influence on the P-values.art. 13. Physiotherapy care § 1Weekforfait: 518011 Care remote via Video Communication (Weekforfait) M 43518033 CARE CARE VIA VIAGONS Communications (weekforfait) M 27theze benefits include: 1 ° the evaluation of the state of the patient via an anamnese; 2 ° the Timnese; 2 ° the Timnese; of activities of daily life (ADL); 3 ° 2 contacts per week in which the patient encourages his exercise program to follow; 4 ° Follow -up and adjust the exercise program of the patient; 5 ° registering useful parameters (mobility, ...) . §2. Conditions: the benefits 518011 and 518033 can be granted by Allekinesitheouten with an RIZIV number. The provision 518011 can only be charged during a week at least two video communications have taken place between the physiotherapists the patient of which one with a minimum duration of 58033. can only be charged if during a week at least two telephone communications have taken place the physiotherapist and the patient. The benefits 518011 and 518033 can be regarded as a fixed reimbursement per week and per patient. . Patient and per week only one of the benefits 518011 or 518033 can be charged. The physiotherapist follows the patient in his rehabilitation processes to follow his care protocol. The physiotherapist notes in the patient file contact moments, the duration and the way true The proceedings have expired, with the indication of the advancing protocol and the evolution of the patient as well as the Application used. This physiotherapy care must be prescribed by a competent care provider. There is no specific referral requirement on the regulation for a remote care. The benefits 518011 and 518033 are not applicable to hospitalized patients. The benefits 518011 and 518033 own no influence on the "counters" within the nomenclature, but can be monitored per provider 518011 and 518033 do not count for the number of prescribed benefits on the classical physiotherapy rule. For the week in which such benefits are charged, no benefits from Article 7 of the nomenclature are charged (including written reports, hands-on benefits, etc.) Art. 14. There is no personal share due to the beneficiaries for the benefits referred to in Articles 8 to 10, 12 and 13.Art.15. No supplements are permitted for the benefits referred to in Articles 8 to 10, 12 and 13. Department 2. - possibility of care on distance. 16. Care of speech therapy all-reliefs from Article 36 of the nomenclature may be provided via video communication. For a specific care situation, the speech therapist must always check whether a remote provision is responsible. For the young person under the age of 18, the speech therapist must prior permission by e-mail the parent (s) (or legal representative) that the younger distance speech distance) Added to the code provided for in Article 36 of the Nomenclature. Detective restrictions of Article 36 of the Nomenclature remain applicable: 1 session per day Iisterugbetaald.art. 17. Pre- and postnatal Zorgalle benefits from Article 9, a), of the nomenclature may be granted via telephone or video communication, with the exception of the benefits where the physical presence of the midwife is indispensable, such as the injections, supervision and assistance to the parturient during the work phase, the deliverances, the post -natal supervision of the day of redemption, etc. For each specific care situation, the midwife must always check whether a remote guidance is justified. The benefits via telephone or video communication can be granted by all midwives with a RIZIV number. Sales without being able to charge a physical presence, the pseudocode 792433 (relative provision for remote care) must be added to the code provided for in Article 9, a), of the nomenclature. benefits, the cumulation of benefits and the D Ossier from the beneficiary remain applicable if the provision is carried out vivonic or video communication. The collective preparation for the birth remains possible if the technology of an interactive "webinar" is usedThe participants can follow session directly at home, see and hear the midwife and ask questions if desired.art.18. The fee and the amount of the insurance allowance for the benefits referred to in articles 16 and 17 are the same as for the benefits with the physical presence of the nomenclature.department3. - remote care regarding rehabilitation provisions. 19. In view of the advice in connection with the COVID-19 Pandemie, deviations are provided for the provisions provided for in the Royal Decree of 10 January 1991 establishing the nomenclature of the rehabilitation provisions referred to in article 23, § 2, second paragraph, of the Act on the Act Mandatory insurance for medical provision and benefits, coordinated on July 14, 1994, establishing the fees and prices of those benefits and determining the amount of the insurance policy in those fees for the period from March 14, 2020.Art. 20. Dietetics perspective patient who qualifies 794010 or 771131 for benefits, a maximum of 2 of this provisions Via telephone or video communication can be performed, under the following conditions: 1 ° all conditions that apply to the benefits 794010 and 771131; 2; 2; ° the minimum duration of the benefits via telephone or video communication remains 30 minutes; 3 ° The fee and the amount of the insurance policy is the same for the benefits via telephone or video communication as for the benefits 794010 and 771131; 4 ° the dietician can be the same patient maximum 2 Realizes via telephone or video communication, and maximum1 per day per patient; 5 ° the benefits via telephone or video communication count before the maximum number of benefits 794010 and 771131 in which the insurance intervenes for a patient; 6 ° the dietician agrees with the patient in advance To benefits by telephone or via V. IDEOCOMMUCATION FIRCATION; 7 ° The dietitian informs the patient in advance about the personal share of the entitled party in the fee for these benefits; 8 ° The dietitian registers the provision of the telephone or video communication and its duration in the patient file that he keeps by patient; 9 ° on The Care certificate certificates the dietitian the provision via telephone or video communation choir to state the Nomenclature Code that applies to this provision (794010 or 771131), together with the additional code 792433. The pseudocode 792433 becomes Law. If the dietitian invoices electronically, he states the additional pseudocode 792433 in the Dehone "relative provision" of the billing file.art. 21. Subsections of diabetes patients § 1. per patient who are eligible for the benefits 794253, 794275.794290 and/or 794312 can be made, a maximum of 2 of these benefits can be made via telephone or video communication, under the following conditions: 1 ° the maximum number of 2 benefits via telephone or video communication applies per patient for the total of all benefits 794253, 794275.794290 and 794312 together; 2 ° except the condition of the space where the provision must be realized, all conditions that apply to the realized provision of application are met are; 3 ° the minimum duration of the benefits via telephone or video communication 30 minutes; 4 ° The fee and the amount of the insurance allowance is for the benefits via telephone or video communication the same as for the provision without telephone or video communication; 5 ° the provider is possible For the same patient maximum2 fresh trekkingen via telefoon of videocommunicatie realiseren, en maximum 1 per dag per patiënt;6°de verstrekkingen via telefoon of videocommunicatie tellen mee voor het maximum aantal verstrekkingen794253, 794275, 794290, 794312, 794334, 794356, 794371 en 794393 waarin de verzekering tussenkomt vooreen patiënt 7 ° The provider agrees with the patient in advance to make provisions via the telephone or via video communication; 8 ° The provider registers the provider via telephone or video communication and its duration in the patient file that he keeps by patient; 9 ° if a provision 794253 794275 or 794312 was carried out via telephone or video communication, certificates the provider by telephone or video communication by stating on the Nomenclature Code certificate that applies to the realized provision (794253, 794275 or 794312), together with the additional code 794312. The pseudocode 792433 is next to the user Kenomenclature code statedIf the provider invoices electronically, he states the additional pseudocode792433 in the "Relative provision" zone of the invoicing file; 10 ° If a provision 794290 has been carried out by telephone or video communication, the pharmacist charges this provision with the help of code 794953. § Patient which intervenes for the benefits 794415 and 794430 can be made, a maximum of 2 of these benefits via telephone or video communication can be made, under the following conditions: 1 ° the maximum number of 2 benefits via telephone or video communication money per patient for the total of all benefits 794415 and 794430 Together; 2 ° Being -VEDEVEN CONDITION OF THE SPACE WHICH THE SHOULD IS REALIZED, ATTENTION CONDITIONS CONDITIONS OF THE RESIDENTIAL PROMOTION The minimum duration of the provisions via telephone or video communication is being met for 30 minutes; 4 ° The fees the fees amount of the insurance Stegemoning is the same for the benefits via telephone or video communication as for the provision without telephone or video communication; 5 ° dediabetes education can be a maximum of 2 benefits via telephone or video communationalization for the same patient, and a maximum of 1 per day per patient; 6 ° the benefits via patient; along for the maximum number of benefits 794415, 794430 and 794452 in which the insurance intervenes for a patient; 7 ° The diabetes educator agrees with the patient in advance to perform the telephone or via video communication; 8 ° the diabetes educator registers via telephone or video commentation and the video commentation Duration of it in the patient file that he keeps track of per patient; 9 ° on the Care certificate, the Diabetes Educator DEVERTACTION Certain via telephone or video communication by mentioning the Nomenclature Code that is on this provision of application (794415 or 794430), SAME n with the additional code 792433. The pseudocode 792433 is stated in addition to the usual nomenclature code. If the diabetes education invoices electronically, he states the additional pseudocode 792433 in the "Relative provision" of the billing file.art.22. Occupational therapist Patient who is eligible for provision 784335, a maximum of 2 of these provisions can be made via telephone or video communication, under the following conditions: 1 ° except the condition regarding the space where the provision must be achieved, all conditions are met the provision 784335 is applicable; 2 ° The minimum duration of the benefits via video communication remains 60 minutes; 3 ° The fee and the amount of the insurance policy is the same for the benefits via video communication as for the provision 784335; 4 ° The ergotherapist can be for the same Patient maximum2 benefits via video communication realize, and maximum 1 per day per patient; 5 ° the provisions via video communication count for the maximum number of benefits 784335 where insurance intervenes for a patient; 6 ° The occupational therapist must arrange in advance, via telephone, with the patient to agree to Via VideOC work to work, and thereby checking whether the patient is in it and whether he has the necessary material (required communication equipment and software applications). The occupational therapist also informs the patient in advance about the personal share of the rightholder in the fee for These benefits; 7 ° The occupational therapist registers the provision through video communication and its duration in the patient file that he keeps by patient; 8 ° on the certificate of care the occupational therapist certificates the provision via Video Communicatieoor to mention the usual nomenclature code 784335, together with the additional code 792433. The pseudocode792433 is stated to the right next to the usual nomenclature code. If the occupational therapist electronic invoices, he states the additional pseudocode 792433 in the "Relative provision" zone of the invoicing file. Department 4. - remote care regarding rehabilitation provider agreement. 23. In view of the recommendations in connection with the COVID-19 Pandemie, deviation provisions on the provisions of the agreements referred to in Article 22, 6 ° and Article 23, § 3 of the law on mandatory insurance for medical care and benefits Coordinated top 14 July 1994 , for the period from March 14, 2020.Art. 24. Supervisors with the Centradie patients who suffer from the consequences of female genital mutilations, with the centers for transgender care and with the memory clinics. § 1In the context of the Agreement, the insurance committee, on the proposal of the Municipal Executive, has concluded with Decentra who guide patients who suffer from the consequences of female genital mutilations (RIZIV identification number 7.76.1xx.xx), with the centers for Transgender care (RIZIV identification number 7.76.2xx.xx) and with the memory clinics (RIZIV identification number 7.78.1xx.xx) can be a psychologist who is part of the team that prevents the agreement, seats via video communication. § 2. The following provisions are eligible for this: 1 ° the provision "session" (pseudocodes 784593 - 784604) of the centers that guide patients who suffer from the consequences of female genital mutilations; 2 ° the "seat" provision (pseudocodes 787916 - 78720 ) of the centers for transgender care; 3 ° the provision "seat in the clinic" (pseudocodes 784512 - 784523) of the memory clinics.§ 3. These provisions via video communication can be realized under the following conditions: 1 ° except the condition where The provision must be achieved, is experienced on all conditions of the respective agreements that apply to the respective benefits; 2 ° the advisory doctor of the insurance institution of the person entitled to the right of the guidance in the establishment concerned; 3 ° the minimum duration of the benefits via video communication remains 60 minutes; 4 ° per day and per patient chance Lechts one provision via video communication is reimbursed; 5 ° The prices and fees of the benefits via video communication are in line with the prices and fees of the respective agreements that apply to the respective benefits; 6 ° the benefits via video communication for the maximum number of benefits in which the insurance intervenes for a patient; 7 ° The psychologist must work in advance, via telephone, with the beneficiary to work via video communication, and thereby checking whether the beneficiary is able to do so and whether he has the necessary material (required communication equipment and software -Applications). DePsychologist also informs the beneficiary in advance about the personal share of the entitled party in the fee for these benefits; 8 ° The psychologist registers the provision via video communication. The duration of it in the patient file that provides the agreement; 9 ° the hospital that the respective agreement has concluded with the Insurance committee, invoices the realization through video communication using the pseudocode: a) 788992 (outpatient patient) or 789003 (hospitalized patient) for a session in the context of the agreement with the Central Patients who suffer from the consequences of female genital mutilations; b) 785971 (ambulatory patient) or 785982 (hospitalized patient) for a session in the context of the agreement with the centers for transgender care; c) 785993 (outpatient patient) or 786004 (hospitalized patient) for a session in the context of the agreement with the Memory clinics.art. 25. Agreements with the Clairs Vallons and Zeepverentorium § Institutions § 1. In the Frame VAN the agreements that the Insurance Committee, on the proposal of the Municipal Executive, concluded with the "Clairs Vallons" establishments in Ottignies (RIZIV identification number 7.76.601.78 ) and "Zeepordentorium" in De Haan (RIZIV identification number 7.76.602.77), an individual guidance session can be realized by telephone or video communication for beneficiaries whose rehabilitation program in the establishment concerned has been interrupted. § 2. This provisions via telephone or video communication can be realized under the following conditions: 1 ° The provision of individual guidance session of 1 hour via telephone or video communication can only be carried out for a beneficiary for whom the advisory doctor of the insurer of the rectifier in the rehabilitation of the rehabilitation program in the establishment concerned has permitted; 2 ° only individual guidance of 1 patient or of the family of 1 patient or of a family of which are part of which patients are part of it is possibleGroup sessions via telephone or video with multiple patient that are not part of the same family, are excluded; 3 ° the individual guidance session at Minimum 1 hour via telephone or video communication can never be charged for patients who stay in the design or who are admitted to a hospital; 4 ° The individual guidance side minimum 1 hour via telephone or video communication can never be charged for new patients for whom the rehabilitation of the rehabilitation on 14 March 2020 had not yet started; 5 ° the individual guidance session of a minimum of 1 hour via telephone or video communication may be splitstin smaller parts, whereby any alternately various members of the team that provide the agreement, agree; 6 ° per week can be reimbursed for the same rightholder maximum 5 individual guidance sessions of a minimum of 1 hour via telephone or video communication; 7 ° the price of the individual counseling session of a minimum of 1 hour Via telephone or video communication is 100 euros. This price not only takes into account the minimum duration of the individual guidance session, but also with the necessary preparation time, the time required for the reporting on this, the Supervisieoor de Arts, the time spent on team consultation, administration costs and the general operating costs of the establishment; 8 ° the team member who carries out an individual guidance session of a minimum of 1 hour of VIATEPHONE or video communication, agrees with the patient in advance to make benefits via the telephone or via video communication and informs the entitled party or his legal representative before the person's personal share in the fee for the realized provision; 9 ° of each individual guidance session of a minimum of 1 hour via telephone or video communication, the date, the start and end hour, the identity of all parties involved, the discipline to which a involved team member belongs and the content of the intervention registered in the patient file that the agreement prevents; 10 ° the individual guidance session of a minimum of 1 hour via telephone or video communication is charged using the pseudocode 783996. § 3. The team members of Clairsvallons and Zeeprorentorium can be for the patients of the establishment in which they work, including the Patients who have interrupted the rehabilitation program of these establishments never make a distance from a distance in which the insurance for medical care intervenes on the basis of one other than the agreements that the insurance committee has concluded with Clairs Vallons and the Zeepverentorium. Only the individual guidance session of a minimum of 1 hour via telephone or video communication jug, under the conditions described above, by team members of these establishments via telephone or video communication for patients of these establishments are realized.art. 26. Agreements with the rehabilitation centers for locomotor and neurological rehabilitation § 1. In the framework of the agreements that the insurance committee, on the proposal of the College of Doctors, concluded with the rehabilitation centers for locomotor and neurological rehabilitation (with a RIZIV identification number of the type 7.71.xxx.xx, 9.50.xxx.xx or 9.51.xxx.xx), a provision of speech therapy can be realized via video communication. § 2. The rehabilitation center concerned can charge this provision for speech therapy video communication under the following conditions: 1 ° The provision of speech therapy video communication is carried out for a beneficiary for whom the adviser doctor of the insurance institution of the entitled party to the rehabilitation program in a rehabilitation center for the rehabilitation program in a rehabilitation program has permitted; 2 ° the provision of speech therapy via Video Communications is carried out for a rightholder of whom the rehabilitation program in a rehabilitation center Voorocomotor and neurological rehabilitation is temporarily interrupted; 3 ° the speech therapy Video communication is made by a speech -validistor partic part of the rehabinist part of the rehabinist part of the rehabinist part of the Realidist partician and neurological rehabilitation that an agreement has concluded with the insurance committee; 4 ° the minimum duration of the speech therapy through video communication is 30 minutes n Has the need material (required communication equipment and software applications)The speech , 06 euros; 9 ° per day, for the same entitled to a maximum of one speech therapy via, video communication in the context of the agreement can be charged with the insurance committee; 10 ° The hospital that concluded the agreement with the insurance committee invoices the realization of the realization via video communication using the pseudocode: a) 783495 (ambulant patient) or 783506 (hospitalized patient) for a hearing in the context of an agreement with a RIZIV identification number of the type 7.71.xx.x; b) 791475 (Ambulatory Patient) or 791486 for a session in the context of an OVE ranging with an RIZIV identification number of type 9.50.xxx.xx; c) 791534 (outpatient patient) or 791545 (hospitalized patient) for a session in the context of an agreement with an RIZIV identification number of the type 9.51.xx.x.x. Art. 27. Agreement with the CP reference centers § 1. In the context of the agreements that the insurance committee, on the proposal of the Municipal Executive, concluded with the reference centers for Cerebralpalsy (CP) (agreements with an RIZIV identification number of the type 7.89.50X.XX), the "punctual advice" provision that is described in Article 7, 3 ° and Article 11 of those agreements can be realized via telephone or video communication. § 2. The relevant CP reference center Kandeze Provision "Punctual Advies" via telephone or video communication Allow the following conditions: 1 ° the provision of punctual advice meets the conditions of the agreement, and in particular to the conditions of Articles 7 , 3 °, 11 and 12 of the agreement; 2 ° The provision of punctual advice can only be realized via telephone or video communication for a beneficiary for whom there is already a rehabilitation program ongoing, of which the relevant doctor of the insurance institution of the beneficiary is permitted; 3; ° the Punctual Advice provision can only be realized via telephone or video communication for a person entitled for whom the provision is previously the provision 783510-783521, as described in Article7, 1 ° and Article 8 of the Agreement with the Insurance Committee, has been realized; 4 ° the members of the team of the CP reference center that intervening in the provision, informing of the rights holder or his legal representative about the personal share due before the provision is started; 5 ° the entitled party or his legal representative has agreed prior to the provision of punctual advice via telephone or video communication; 6 ° the righteous person, Spread over a minimum of 2 different days, received in a total of minimum 2 hours of guidance via telephone or video communication. Maximum 1 hour of guidance via telephone or video communication are taken into account per day and per patient can. This hourly magic may be split into smaller parts. Only guidance time for which no other man an intervention is charged can be taken into account; 7 ° The provision -punctual advice via telephone or video communication can be charged a maximum of once a month and per beneficiary By means of individual guidance (guidance of 1 patient and his family). Group sessions via telephone or video communication with multiple patients who are not part of the self -determination, cannot be part of the minimum required guidance time; 9 ° all intertwens via telephone or video communication must be in the patient file are stated (date, start and end hour, which team member and which discipline, content of the intervention); 10 ° The provision of punctual advice via telephone or video communication is charged to the price that is due under the agreement with the insurance committee for one Provision of punctual advice; 11 ° The provision -punctual advice via telephone or video communication is charged using the pseudocode 784394 (ambulatory patient) or 784405 (hospitalized patient) .Art. 28. Agreement with the multidisciplinary diagnostic center for patients with chronic fatigue syndrome (CVS) §1Publication: 2020-05-19Numac: 2020041295federal Public Service Social Security 19 May 2020.-Royal Decree No. 20 containing temporary measures in the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie and to ensure the continuity of care in the compulsory medical care report to the Koningsire, I have the honor of this a draft of Royal Decree No. 20 containing temporary measures in the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemaemen to ensure the continuity of care in the compulsory insurance for medical care. The legislator to the king special powers granted to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19. It breaks measures to capture the direct and indirect consequences of the COVID-19 Pandemie for the compulsory insurance. -19 (ii) aims to make a decision to make access to the necessary worries to guarantee the end of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemie or Pandemie and to compensate for its consequences, in particular this affiliated with the guarantee of the Public health in view of the restriction measures. Things intend to make it possible for the necessary surveys to be provided to the patient in the light of the current context. These measures require an urgent legal formalization that the continuity of care and legal certainty for the various partners of mandatory insurance for medical care are guaranteed. The whole of the measures aims to protect the patients' the elections and cannot affect their rights. Item6, second paragraph, of the law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the king to take measures in the fight against distribution With the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II) provides for the possibility of not getting reclaimed or regulatory advice or in time in a shorter term. In the context of the preparation of current design, the difficulty for these organs was determined to meet in the current context. For some procedures, the decision -making bodies have been consulted or there has been consultation without physical contact. In the regulatory provisions that regulate the functioning of those bodies and the household regulations, that possibility is not always foreseen or only for less important issues. In addition, Formal Consultation has not always been possible for practical or regulatory reasons. In order to block decision -making, deviations from the formal consultation procedures have taken place without, however, eliminating the consultation with the stakeholders. Instead or additional informal consultation took place with the stakeholders, in particular the health insurance funds and the representatives of the care providers for these matters. Title 1. - General provisions article 1 of the draft suspended deadlines provided for or pursuant to the law concerning the law Mandatory insurance for medical delivery and benefits, coordinated on July 14, 1994, with the exception of the departments, chapters represented in the article (periods regarding benefit and parent insurance). This concerns, for example, periods that are provided for procedures to change lists of reimbursable benefits, deadlines that authorities such as committees and councils must comply with the lap of the RIZIV in individual decisions but also periods that the rights of the rights must comply with in the context of applications for reimbursement of medical benefits, applications for registration with a health insurance fund or requesting to enjoy certain articles of association, such as the law on the increased insurance policy. Special proposed, in these exceptional circumstances, to suspend the calendar of the different procedures for a still to be determined period. In concrete terms, this means that de procedure steps can be set as far as possibleBut that the exceedance of a term no impact can be for the parties involved. The binding periods only start to walk again on the moment that the suspension is canceled. At the Royal Decree of 27 March 2020, the stopping of the calendars that determine the deadlines for the implementation of the procedures to change the list of reimbursable pharmaceutical specialties And from the list of the reimbursable implants and invasive medical devices. From the legal basis of these procedures (Article 35bis, §§ 3, 6 and 8 and Article 35septies/2, §§ 5, 6/1, 7 and 8 of the coordinated law of 14 July 1994), one can decide that a suspension of the periods only possible to request additional information. For that reason, it is advisable to confirm that measure through this decision. Moreover, it is necessary to suspend other procedures that are not intended by the aforementioned Royal Decree of 27 March 2020, such as that changing the list of compensation bareradiofarmaceutical products. The short -term within which the Royal Decree of 27 -March 2020 is to be drawn up, In addition, has led to a mistake in the French translations an inaccuracy in the terms used. The terms of the CGV 2020/073 memorandum shows that the intention was to provide a suspension of the deadlines and no interruption: "Ineindede accessibility for the to protect patients, and to protect the companies at the same time against unintended decisions, it is proposed, in these exceptional circumstances, with effect from 13 March 2020 midnight for an absolute clock stop to be determined for all procedures. method reduces the delay in decision -making to the minimum, After all, without the process itself or the responsibilities or powers within those processes. The recovery from unintended or undesirable changes to the lists of reimbursable specialties or of implants and invasive medical devices, requires a new procedure that would in any case take more time. " In court:- the suspension (Suspension in FR) stops the course of a period without eradicating the already expired period;- The interruption (Interruption in FR) makes a new period run from the date of the deed of Stuzing.incasu and Despite the editors of the text, a suspension was indeed intended. This can be derived from the fact that a period (with suspension) is provided by the text. The deadlines will therefore resume the time at the time they became suspended (namely on 13/3/2020 at midnight). A regularization and expansion of the text of the Konzinklijk decision of 27 March 2020 To eliminate any uncertainty regarding the legal basis and the usage terminology is appropriate. Reasons of good management will be possible to set the procedural step-off during the crisis and this:- to avoid new-ethic payments for which there would be an agreement are blocked until the end of the situation-to limit the effect of the congestion and the amount of files for which a backlog will be retrieved at the end of the crisis. However, the deadlines are suspended for all interruptions and there is also necessary to be taken into account the impact of the crisis for the companies that require the reimbursement. This implies concrete that the procedure actions can be stated, but that the exceeding of a period will not have an impact before the intervening parties. reimbursement conditions are laid down in the Nomenc lature of medical benefits, in other regulations or in agreements. For certain medical benefits, for example, it is foreseen that they must be granted within a stipulated period or that the care provider must submit the application for the compulsory insurance within a certain period of time or to transfer certain data. of the advisory doctors who only have a limited period of validity. As a result of the COVID-19 Pandemie, it may, however, be impossible to respect periods and conditions. After all, non-urgent treatments must be deferred caregivers have their hands full of providing urgent concerns, so that administration obligations cannot be made in time. To avoid that patients do not get any or a lower reimbursement, it may be necessary to suspend or extend certain periods provided for in regulations or in agreements. This will be possiblethe adjustments to the deadlines will be written in a specific provision, but it seems appropriate to supplement it with a general provision to keep the interests of all partners as well as possible since the completeness of the analyzes cannot be guaranteed under the current conditions. article 2 The aim is to ensure decontinuity of the operation of the authorities set by or pursuant to the law. This measures are explained by the difficulty for this authorities in the current context. with which the temporary measures are adopted as well as the processes of which these temporary measures will be terminated with. These exceptions can also have a relation to the process for taking non-temporary measures. It is therefore conceivable that a definitive registration from a provision to reimbursement (action of a care provider, pharmaceutical specialty, medical device) is useful during the application period of the current measures, but is blocked by the inability to keep formal meetings of the organs. It seems inappropriate to reduce any structural improvement in the indictment of care. A period of which the duration is not yet known. In the first paragraph, the possibility to make use of written procedures is generalized. For some procedures, the procedures are possible that the decision -making organs become in writing Consulted or consult POSTERY CONTACT. However, in the regulatory provisions that regulate the functioning of those bodies and the internal rules, this possibility is not always foreseen or only for less important matters. Article 2 provides for the possibility of working for each body in this way, regardless of the legal or regulatory provisions that normally apply. It is, however, possible that certain procedures cannot proceed if they are conducted in writing or without physical contact, in which it will have to be waited until the end of the suspension periods referred to in Article 1 are not possible and the circumstances are a circumstances and the circumstances a do not justify the rules referred to in the second member. The second paragraph provides for the possibility of shortening the advisory period and to deviate from formal consultations. In the first place, if the circumstances require this, the periods for formal consultations are provided shorten so fast g can be held with needs that arise. In addition, there may also be a preliminary cord in which a remote meeting is also not possible because the members are sick or not being available because of their activities as a care provider, which can, among other things, lead to the requirement quorums cannot are being reached. In order not to block decision -making in such cases, a deviation is also provided with the obligation to consult certain authorities. Deviating from formal consultation procedures does not have the objective of eliminating the consultation with the stakeholders, but to guarantee that the decisions must be can be taken. At least informal consultations with the stakeholders, in the particular health insurance funds and the representatives of the care providers of the matters involved, there will be at least informal consultation. Progress in the care made available of the Rightholder is not blocked during the period in which the possibility of formally collecting the organs is limited. Informal, are being maintained, but it seems appropriate to provide the possibility to compensate for the inability to formallyin order to be a paralyzing for the beneficiaries for the beneficiaries. It is of course true that an evaluation of the proportionalities must be carried out for the execution of these deviations that will only be done "if necessary". Payability of the new Oxy concentrators of the SOS Oxygène company is planned to increase the supply of reimbursable oxy concentrators on the market. In the field there is a high demand for oxy concentrators (and oxygen in all its forms) and the absorption in the reimbursibility of these new devices makes it possible to meet partially to a number of important and urgent needs caused by the COVID-19 infections. Title 3. - Continuty measures made in Articles4 up to and including 18 have been drawn up in consultation with the partners at their question whether after the representatives of the care providers or the insurance institutions have contacted the RIZIV about the problems to provide continuity of necessary care in the framework of the measures to curtail the spread of the virus. Virtual meetings have taken place with the professional organizations concerned (doctors, dentists, physiotherapists, speech therapists, midwives, hospital federations) and insurance institutions. For the measures with regard to the shortened irradiation with breast cancer patients and the special supervision of patients with COVID-19, a preparation transmission has also taken place with a delegation of the technical medical council. These meetings were done on the one hand with each party involved separately or in joint meetings. The result was delivered to the participants. The measures in Articles 22 to 28 are proposals from the Municipal Executive of Doctors Directors that under Article 23 § 2, second member of the coordinated law of 14 July 1994 is authorized to advise on the rehabilitation provisions referred to in that paragraph and that under Article 23 § 3 of the same is authorized to design, designs of rehabilitation agreements and designs of agreements with the coordinating disciplinary care centers to make and submit to the insurance committee. The proposals are often established at the request of the care providers involved, rehabilitation establishments that provide coordinated multidisciplinary care programs or have been created after these care providers and establishments are certain problems with which they are struggling with the R IZIV has signaled.articress4 records the general provisions of the specific benefits in the context of the COVID-19 crisis. Article5 allows the use of shortened radiation schedules (hypofractioning) for patients with breast cancer for which a shortened radiation schedule of 5 groups (hypofractionioning) one Safe and full alternative requirement based on the current available scientific evidence and when the usual radiation schedule is designated or not possible. The irradiation of patients via short-range schedules (pituitary ractioning) is part of the COVID-19 Emergency planning of Differentiekenhuizen.de Used devices and the available staff can in this way be used so optimally, which makes a split possible between devices and care teams for patients with COVID-19 and the COVID19-free patients. In addition, patients will move less frequently to the hospital, which contributes to the avoidance of the spread of the virus.decovid-19 crisis has thoroughly changed the way of working in hospitals, both in terms of infrastructure and logistics organization and in terms of commitment From staff, nurses and doctors specialists. In addition, the care of patients infected with the virus requires extraordinary effort. In order to meet the designated working conditions and to compensate the efforts correctly, provides for-the new specific provisions for care in intensive care and in the specific covid-19 departments. Articles 6, § 1, ensures the provision with a specific code that the COVID-19 patients are identified in order to allow the new benefits in intake care and the specific COVID-19 departments to be able to repay. A COVID-19 patient is defined in accordance with the case definition of Sciensano. The code 793800 is only intended to identify COVID-19 patients. This code allows other benefits to be added to these patients for which care for extraordinary effort, both physically and psychologically requires. The intensive care departments are more than ever the "" hotspots "within the hospitals and most have had to increase their capacityAmong other things by fitting other departments (recovery departments and 'normal' departments) in whole or in part, so that they can also serve as departments for intensive care. Naturally, this brought a different allocation of people and resources with it and a major extension of capacity.covid-19-patients on intensive care require much longer ventilation than usual. It is often about at least 2 weeks. To connect to this reality, two specific benefits are for this purpose VIAARTIKEL 6, § 2. Specific COVID-19 departments were established that physically divorced from other departments. The patients who stay there require a more intensive and specific approach, in the context of both COVID-19 pathology and the safety and hygiene regulations, which is required for those patients. The patients stay there on average much longer than usual. The care is also much more stressful. That is why Article 6, § 3, provides for new benefits in relevant the installation and supervision for controlled or assisted artificial ventilation, continuous supervision of the vital and non-vital functions, continuous supervision of the heart function and measurements of the heartbeat and Article 6 , § 4, in an additional fee for the supervision of a hospitalized COVD-19 patient. Article 6, § 5, foresees that this benefit kit can be charged in general hospitals. Article 7 includes the principles that must be nagged to provide remote care. Articles 8 to 13 Provided in the creation of Specific vest racks remotely as well as application rules belonging to the doctors, dentists and physiotherapists. Article 8 provides specific provisions that allow doctors to perform single -fonic triage (§ 1) of patients with symptoms of a possible infection with COVID -19 and telephone advice (§ 2) give me to other patients t A view to maintaining continuity of care. The notion telephone call covers synchronous communication tools including video communication. Articles 8, § 3, records the application rules for these provisions. Article 9 provides for specific provisions for psychiatrists and child and youth psychiatrists. Patients with psychiatric or psychotherapeutic follow-up can rarely suspend their treatment struggles without a serious risk to their mental health. The COVID-19 crisis makes the risk of the most vulnerable people even greater. In order to ensure the continuity of this care during this COVID-19 crisis, the rules of the compulsory insurance for medical care adjustments are adjusted so that this care as well as any new diagnoses is carried out remotely by psychiatrists child and adolescent psychiatrists. § 1, provides for single -tax advice with a view to referring the patient to a mobile team or a psychiatric powder service, so that correct urgent care can also be made to this patient group during this crisis period. Distance for the psychiatric diagnosis, de-psychotherapeutic treatment, the media therapy, the consultation between doctor and psychologist or orthopedagoogen The extensive psychiatric evaluation of a young person to be able to ensure the continuity of this care during the COVID-19 crisis. general application rules for these new benefits. In analogy with the Provisions of Article 6 provides Article10 for a specific provision for the neuropediatrist so that they can continue the treatment of children, youth and young adults with neurological developmental disorders or an intellectual disability that can continue with serious behavioral disorders. Patients with neurological developmental disorders or an intellectual disability are particularly sensitive to changes in time and space. Except circumstances can worsen the behavioral disorders and bring the environment (family or institution) to great difficulties. Article 11 allows the multidisciplinary oncological consultation to be organized a video conference . For example, it is temporarily not necessary to bring different care providers physics together in one room. This guarantees the continuity of care to patients with single cancer, thereby promoting compliance with the restraints. For the continuity of care and accurate guidance of the patient to the available dental care during these crisis period, Article 12 carries out specific provisions for telephone advice Enable referral to a dental practice that offers the care into account all instructions for care providers during the COVID-19 Pandemie. Article 12, § 1provides for the introduction of two specific benefits for telephone advice and any referral. Article12, § 2, determines the application rules for these benefits. For the continuity of care and stabilizing or improving the patient's health status, which will be necessary in a limited Number of cases, Article 13 Physiotherapy care for distance Via telephone or video communication makes it possible. Article 13, § 1, provides for the introduction of two specific provisions for remote care carried out by the physiotherapist.artikel13, § 2, determines the application rules for these provisions. 14 provides full intervention of the mandatory insurance for medical care in the fees of remote benefits. Item 15 prohibits the application of supplements for remote supplements. Patients with a speech therapy follow-up can rarely be able to do their treatment aprons for a relatively long time without them the therapeutic benefits of treatment losses; In order to guarantee the continuity of speech therapy during the COVID-19 crisis, with respect for the rules of social distantization, Article 16 adjusts the rules of the mandatory insurance for medical care, so that speech therapy provides remote-physical presence of the speech therapist be charged. For the guarantee of denial pre- and postnatal care for the prospective mother and the child, even during the COVID-19 Crisisen with the necessary precautions, Article 17 adjusts the rules of the mandatory insurance for the forecast care so that the benefits are carried out Remotely refunded by the midwives. Item18 stipulates that the fees and amounts for the intervention of the compulsory insurance for the remote departure are the same as for provisions with physical presence for speech therapists and midwives. Pandemie determines Article 19 That deviations are foreseen the provisions for the specific benefits of the nomenclature of the rehabilitation provisions. Article 20 provides for the possibility of making dietetics enforcements via telephone or video communication because these benefits for patients for whom these benefits can be made (diabetes patients who suffer from nier insuffiency) may be urgently necessary for one-handed treatment of their illness and cannot be postponed until after the COVID-19 crisis period. To be able to safely run these benefits during the COVID-19 crisis period, without danger of contamination, the possibility is provided for this Dietetics promotions via telephone or video communication. Although provisions via video communication probably provide better results, benefits via the telephone are also provided because a significant part of the target group is not available for the possibility of video communication or is insufficiently trusted. Article 21, § 1 and § 2, provides for the possibility of diabeteseducation reliefs via to perform telephone or video communication because these benefits for the intended diabetes patients can be urgent for adequate treatment of their illness and cannot be postponed after the COVID-19 crisis period. In order for these benefits during the COVID-19 crisis period to run safely, without the risk of infection, the possibility is provided to perform this diabetes education provisions of telephone or video communication. Although benefits via video communication presumably produce results, provisions via the telephone are also provided because a substantial part of the target group does not have the possibility of video communication or that is insufficiently trusted. Article 22 requires the possibility of performing certain occupational theraps via video communication because these occupational theraps for The intended patients can be urgently needed to tackle the problems in terms of reintegration with which these patients suffer from. In order to ensure that these benefits during the COVID-19 crisis period run safely, without the risk of infection, the possibility is provided for these occupational therapy provisions via video communication. Because qualitative occupational therapy sessions, the problems of the patient and the purpose of these sessions, are not possible over the telephone, only occupational therapy via video communication is provided for. on the provisions of the agreements referred to in Articles22, 6 ° and 23, § 3, of the coordinated law of 14 July 1994. article 24, §1 to § 3gives the possibility to the centers that accompany patients who are struggling with the consequences of female genital mutilations, to the centers for transgender care and the memory clinics sum certain guidance sessions perform the psychologists of those centers for patients Vandie Centers, during the COVID-19 crisis period via Video communication to perform so that the continuity of care during the COVID-19 crisis period can be guaranteed and the benefits can be made safe, without the risk of infection. Because qualitative guidance sessions by a psychologist are not possible via the telephone because the psychologist cannot take into account the patient's deletary steel, only guidance sessions via video communication are provided. "Clairs Vallons" and "Zeeprontentorium" to offer guidance via telephone or video communication during the COVID-19 crisis period to the patients whose normal rehabilitation program is interrupted, so that the continuity of the COVID-19 crisis period is still possible Be guaranteed and patients in relative and healthy conditions outside the interior, in their home environment or elsewhere, can accommodate the results of the already realized rehabilitation program as much as possible. Although provisions via video communication probably provide better results, benefits are also provided by telephone because a significant part of the target group is not available for the possibility of video communication or is insufficiently trusted. Article 26, § 1 and § 2, provides the possibility of the rehabilitation centers for Locomotor and neurological rehabilitation to perform certain accompaniment sessions that the speech therapists of those centers perform for the patients of those centers during the COVID-19 crisis period via video communication, so that the continuity of the care during the COVID-19 crisis can be guaranteed and the preliminary crisis and the preliminary crisisen and the preliminary crisisen can be guaranteed are performed without danger to infection. Because qualitative guidance sessions by a logopedist are not possible via the telephone because the speech therapist must be able to see how the patient speaks, only guidance sessions are provided via video communication. Article 27, § 1 and§ 2, gives the possibility of the reference centers for Cerebral Palsy to provide the provision "Punctual advice" for the patients of those centers, during the COVID-19 crisis period, via telephone or video communication, so that the continuity of care during the COVID-19 crisis period can be guaranteed the benefits safely, without danger to infection. Although benefits via video communication presumably produces better results, benefits via telephone facilities also become patients from the target group who do not have the possibility of video communication or who are insufficiently trusted. Possibility of the cognitive behavioral therapists who collaborate with the multidisciplinary diagnostic center for patients with chronic fatigue syndrome, to realize the cognition behavior therapy sessions that cognitive behavioral therapists, during the COVID-19 crisitation, so that the continence of the video commentation during the video commercation to be performed by the video commentation to be the video commentation to be the video commentation to be the video commentation to be the video commentation. -19-crisisheri can be guaranteed and the benefits can be made safely, without the risk of infection. Because that qualitative guidance sessions by a psychologist are not possible via the phone because the psychologist cannot take the body language into account of the patient, only guidance sessions Video communication are foreseen. Article 29 provides for the lifting of the Royal Decree of 18 March 2020 establishing various exceptional measures regarding the mandatory insurance for medical care and benefits with a view to the care care of patients in context of the COVID -19 Pandemie with the SARS-COV-2 virus. After all, the provisions provided for in that Royal Decree will be included in this Decree. Title 4. - Structure chapter 1. Shift care center relating to Chapter 1 that relates to the Switch Care Center by the Risk Management Group (RMG) on 20 March 2020 to provide support to setting up temporary reception structures for people affected by the coronavirus and who do not need a hospital care or no longer needBut who cannot return to their normal residence situation that they are still contagious. That is what the Primary & Outpatient Caresurge Capacity committee was given the assignment to further elaborate this. This committee is a working group within Dermg that is coordinated by the Directorate General Healthcare of the Federal Public Service Volks Health and consists of representatives of all governments, Defense, the hospital domains, professional organizations of doctors, cities and municipalities, partners such as the health insurance funds, the Red Cross, Doctor special Boundaries. without actually being hospital care, and therefore to prevent the workload in the hospital from increasing further. Detestructures are not intended to offer long -term care and are set up for a limited period, depending on the duration needed to the current he health crisis to control. All the governments of the regions or communities may decide to open a switching care center, and only advice from the province's governor in which the opening of the Schakelzorg Center is considered. This is the need to activate such structures for this Assessing based on the places that are still available in other switching care centers in the region, but also on the basis of the number of COVID-19 patients that are still in the hospital. It is also the task of this government to be with the owner or operator of the classrooms make agreements about the commissioning of the classrooms, the use of the equipment, the provision of personnel, liability and insurance coverage, the duration of use, the restoration of the equipment after the commissioning, ... It is the same government that the decision will take to close a switching care center when it appears that it is non -langer a need This results from the COVID-19 health crisis. If necessary, this government can still, if patients at the time of the decision to close in the Switch Care Centers, decide to kill these patients to other switching care centers that are active on their territory. These centers are intended for the admission of patients identified patients with coronavirus, who for this reason have been admitted to the hospital, or for those who have been established after a study by a triage and purchase center or a service of emergencies that their condition does not have to be admitted to the hospital. If the hospital or The research in a triage and purchase center or in the emergency service service shows that there are reasons that these patients cannot adhere to deregels of hygiene and insulation on their return to their normal living situation or because they still need specific care that cannot be offered that cannot be offered in The ordinary living situation, these patients can be temporarily engaged and to a switching care center. Recording in a switching care center is possible in one or more of the following situations: 1 ° the home is too small to isolate the patient of the people with whom he lives; 2 ° in the elderly, people with immunity Whether they suffer from chronic airway disorders, dieseling living with the patient and for which no temporary alternative residence can be found to accommodate it; 3 ° The hygienic conditions in the home do not make it possible to respect the recommendations regarding insulation, hygiene and distance correctly; 4; ° the patient is self-reliant and cannot respect the recommended insulating or hygiene regulations, self-meet support for informal care or family members; 5 ° for a patient who is generally autonomous and who needs temporary rehabilitation care because of admission (including after long stay at a intensive care service) that cannot be given in a home situation and in the absence of the necessary equipment or due to the unsuitability of the home. Defense that a patient is answered to one or more of these situations in consultation with the patient and the persons/structures in the first line that can confirm this situation, including below Social Services of the Health Insurance Fund or the OCMW, Family Care Services, Integrated Services Forward Nursingthe "Centers de Coordination de Soins à Domicile". If it concerns a patient who is staying in a collective/residential structure under normal circumstances and where COVID-19Werd detected, the patient must be referred to the collective/residential residence in the event of dismissal from the hospital dismissal If it is impossible to guarantee the conditions of isolation or hygiene or care continuity, as a result of exceptionally difficult circumstances within the residential residence of temporary reception in the switching care center. to include situations: 1 ° for a patient where COVID-19 was detected and who has no chronic disorder, self-reliant is generally independent in his daily life, only daily monitoring of certain parameters is needed to detect any deterioration of his condition : Temperature measurement Tweema Alper Day, detection of signs of fever, observation of respiratory function, assessment of the cardiovascular function, assessment of the general condition of the patient, etc.2 ° for a patient in which covid-19 was detected and who is generally not independent in the Daily life (disoriented, geriatric, with a disability, katz scale home nursing a, b or c, etc.) or that needs chronic care (wound care, insulin, etc.), must offer the switching center framework that set him in statutory to be next the daily monitoring of the parameters to receive the care that his dependency situation is a patient who is generally autonomous, whereby COVID-19 was detected who needs temporary rehabilitation care because of the admission to the hospital (including the residence of residence on a Department of Intensive Care) that cannot be given in a home situation Omwillevan the lack of the necessary equipment o f Due to the unsuitability of the home, a framework must be offered that will enable him to receive in addition to the daily monitoring of the parameters, the care that requires his recovery process. Inside this switching care centers is the cost of the care provided by doctors, nurses and nurses and Care experts in a specific manner and within the Develments of this Decree are charged by the RIZIV.All other medical benefits for these patients are reimbursed in accordance with the existing rules within the Health Insurance Act.artikel31 determines the costs of the object of compensation by the compulsory medical provision insurance . Article 32 describes the target group of patients where a distinction is made between two situations of patients in which COVID-19 was detected and who can not do their habitual residence situation after checking in the dismissal from the hospital or after checking for a triage post or emergency cases service n return. The first situation is about patients who live in normal circumstances at home and where the lack of guarantees regarding insulation, hygiene or distance holds in the home situation justifies the inclusion in a switching care. The second situation of patients staying under normal circumstances in a residential institution where detacking can be impossible under safe circumstances. For the sake of psychosocialies, the stay in a switching care center must be limited to a minimum over time and preferably no longer than 1 week. It is still autonomous people: in that case it is sufficient to be a daily monitoring of a number of parameters. The OM a person who is nevertheless dependent in daily functioning or needs chronic care: in that case, a framework must be offered in addition to monitoring a number of parameters, which his dependency situation is. Long residence intensive treatment) Need temporary rehabilitation care that are not kang in the home situation. In Articles 34 to 37, a specific allowance provides for the presents and nurses and health care experts. What the doctors concern are provided for the assignment, the design, the The following reimbursements foreseen:- for follow-up, forth me Ten care that during the day is carried out by a doctor: reimbursement of 80.34 euros per hour performed. Maximum 8 hours per day per group of 30 patients .- For availability by 1 doctor in the evening and nights: a fee of 6.51 euros per hour.- Cumul with consultations and supervisory shonaria. :-For the follow-upSupervision and care is provided for a compensation per hour performed for a maximum of6 VTE (of which 4 nurses and 2 care experts) per group of 30 patients. This corresponds metmaximum 6 x 38 hours per week: 228 hours.- This allowance amounts to 47.25 euros per hour for nurses and 34.96 euros for health care experts. Article 38 provides a number of precisionsm.b.t. The allowance for other benefits:-medicines: can be delivered both by a hospital pharmacy and by a public officina. The regulation is made electronically. With regard to the physiotherapy reliefs in a switching care center, a specific provision is being introduced that is repaid via the patient's health insurance fund from the mandatory health insurance policy. There is no personal share nor supplement due to the rights for this provision. With regard to the benefits in the context of spiritual health care: all possible existing structures, including exceptional nomenclature of psychiatrists and psychologists in the context of COVID- 19.- The mainly other medical care applies the regular conditions regarding compensation from the mandatory data insurance. Article 39 provides that the specific allowances are not degraded if the benefits have been made by volunteers or if the cost of these care providers has been financed in a different way. That the person in charge of a disabling center to the RIZIV can invoice the costs according to the provisions of this decision. In article 41 is provided for the registration. Since the insurance institutions must check on the charging of benefits (VB No cumul with consultations, no nomenclature home nursing), it is necessary that they have the patient data stating the date of recording of dismissal. This information is collected centrally from the Federal Public Service Public Health is communicated to the National Intermutualist College via the RIZIV. Article 42 determines that the care providers make benefits in the Switch Care Center under the responsibility of the Switch Care Center. The Schakelzorgcentrum guarantees itself from the status regarding the necessary insurance policies regarding professional liability and industrial accident insurance. Article43 provides for this on the basis of the "recognition" that the RIZIV receives because of the sharing entities, on the website list of the centers that, if they are the provisions of this decision respect, the allowances can invoice. These centers will be notified of this; They should not conclude a specific agreement with the RIZIV. Hoofdtuk 2. Triage and decrease in transport articles 44 to 52 regulate the temporary financing of the triage and purchase center. Covid-19 Infection. If the general practitioner believes that a clinical examination is essential to judge the infection, he can, under certain circumstances, conduct the research himself if he has the necessary protection material (gloves, type II surgical masks, ...). If he). He does not have the material, if possible, he refers to a triading items to the hospital. Because of the protection material shortages, GPs are asked to organize triage points. The report of the "Primary and Outpatient Caresurge Capacity" committee of 17 March 2020 shows another objective: avoiding an overload of the emergency services with patients who are not hospitalization at that time need. The triage and softening centers are therefore usually opened in the vicinity of a hospital or an emergency service. Triage and decrease centers are therefore specifically set up centers to investigate patients who may be infected with COVID-19, after they were referred by a doctor. These patients do not have to go to the waiting room of a general practitioner or to go to the emergency department of a hospital, where they can infect others. If necessary, the triage and purchase center then refers them to the hospital for hospitalization. The centers are an initiative of doctors, Hospitals and governments and are part of primary care. During the meeting of 24 April 2020, the "Primary and Outpatient Care Surge Capacity" committee has recommended to grant an additional function to the triage and decrease centers in the context of the `contact tracing calls 'The center is supervised by a medical responsible person. In addition, his medical coordinators who are responsible for the daily organization, the planning, the distribution of Deartsetc ... The physical investigations are carried out by doctors and triage and purchasing centers can rely on nurse and administrative support. The costs associated with setting up and keeping these specific structures are considerable and are taken by the mandatory Insurance for Medical Care. The introduction of a financing for the triage and purchasing centers consulted on 21 March 2020 with the representatives of the doctors in the National Committee on Doctors-Ziekfonds and on 24 March 2020 with the representatives of the insurance institutions in the national Committee for Doctors-Ziekenfonds. Article 44bat The definition of a triage and purchase center. Item 45 Determines the procedure for the granting of an identification number, necessary for invoicing. The centers can make the account number known via a choice form on which the flat -rate reimbursements and the fees can be deposited. This gives the possibility to the triage and decrease centers to redistribute the income. Item 46 lists the reimbursements that can be requested from March 23, 2020: a fixed reimbursement for the start-up, daily coordination, and the nursing and administrative support and one reimbursement per performance for the medical examination. Article47 determines the basic conditions and the maximum amount (7,230.60 euros) for the allocation of the reimbursement for the start -up cost that should be further worked out in a Royal Decree. The patient in the triage and purchase center. This is corresponding to that of a consultation with an accredited general practitioner (26.78 euros). The personal share is fully charged by the mandatory insurance for medical care. If the consultation takes place on Saturday, Sunday or on a public holiday, a surcharge is granted (13.20 euros). The Article 49 determines the compensation conditions. The article 50 records the payment modalities. The benefits are not charged via the traditional road with a test in a witness or E-Fact, but with a system of collective states on which a minimum of data is provided that are then bundled by the institute and paid by the insurance institutions. Limiting actions, formalities and paper contributes to safety and deefficiency. Article 51 records the flat -rate amounts to which the triage items are entitled to coordinator by the medical coordinator (80.34 euros per hour) and the administrative support (34.96 euro per hour). A maximum of 12 hours per day can be charged, regardless of the number of medical coordinators, nurses or administrative assistants present in the triage and purchase center. This item also records the fixed amount for the nursing support (47.25 euros per hour). 12 hours are charged, regardless of the number of nurses present in the triple and purchase center. The king is also authorized to provide a financial intervention for the actions to be determined by him in a triage and purchase center and the further rules for that financial intervention to be Determine. Article 52 sets the payment modalities -sturdy. Head -head 3. Weekwacht the articles 53 to 56 arrange the temporary and exceptional financing of the GP watch posts during the evenings and the nights of the week. In normal circumstances, these waiting posts work during the weekends. The waiting posts make it possible to organize the organization of medical permanence fewer general practitioners. A number of doctors disabled or exhausted by the COVID19 crisis, so that the normal organization of the drivers is difficult or more burdensome for the waiting doctors. The opening of the waiting posts during the week can be able to contribute to the preservation of doctors in their practice or for the guard, or their return promoting. The measure, which aims at rapid financing, is temporary in nature and is thus restricted to a period of three months. The budgetary resources are available in the global budget that was laid down for 2020 for the operation of the GP watch posts. The introduction of the Weekwacht measures was held in the lap of the National Committee for Doctors-Sieken Funds on 6 April 2020. Article 53 contains the principle of Financing the operation of the GPAWARTHAGTENTENTIONS Due to the week for a period limited to three months. article 54 determines the conditions for the financingin particular the registration of the waiting activity. Article 55 on the part of the amount of the financing (50,000 euros) and financial regulation on the other. Item56 regulates the reporting on the measure to the bodies that are competent within the mandatory health insurance. The measure and the fast Implementation of it are necessary to offer a framework to the GPs on Dekortst possible time to temut less during the week, so that they can remain available or be able to get back in the fight against theCovid-19-Virus.titel 5.-Nurses it RIZIV has consulted these measures with representatives of the sector in the Agreement Committee on Nursing Insurance Institutions 1 and 7 April 2020. These measures were also discussed in the context of the consultations between RIZIVEN Insurance Institutions on 7 April 2020. The COVID-19-Pandemie has several consequences for The home nursing. The home nurses must consider special protection measures to safeguard themselves and their patients from infection. In addition, Nursing Practices Sum consciously reduce less essential care to release capacity for the specific COVID-19 Relationship request. To take this new COVID-19 context into account, 2 measures are worked out, in consultation with the sector and the insurance institutions, those that during the COVID-19 crisis: 1) Follow-up and supervision in patients with a COVID-19 Related problems2) Valorization of Nursing Care during the COVID-19 Measures: Costs and use of protection material chapter1. Follow-up and supervision in patients with a COVID-19-Related Problem article 57 specifics the way in which the benefits are indicated and determines the various specific provisions that are created and their application conditions. This concerns the following benefits: 419333 Follow-up and supervision of patients with a COVID-19 Related problems, diagnosed by a doctor W 2,946419355 Follow-up and supervision during the weekend or at home at home in patients with a COVID-19 Related problems, diagnosed by a doctor W 4,50419370 Follow-up and supervision in patients with a COVID- 19-related problems, diagnosed by a doctor W 2,946419392 Follow-up and supervision in a common place of residence of disabled people in patients with a COVID-19 related problems, diagnosed by a doctor W 2.946 in this article is clarified under follow-up n Supervisory. In Article 58 it is clarified what is understood by a patient with COVID-19-related problems;- at home;- Home weekend or holiday;- Restoring resort;- Common residential or place of residence of the disabled. :-the regulation;-the number of benefits that may be charged per day; -th cumulation or the prohibition on cumulation with certain other benefits and pseudocodes;-the provisions of art. 8, § 3 of the nomenclature-- taking the calculation of the daily ceiling;- the professional groups by whom they may be charged- the documentation in the nursing file;- the reporting to the treating Arts.artic 660 stipulates that no personal share is due Is by the beneficiaries. Articles 61beplaarts that no fee supplements may be charged. Chapter 2. Valorization of nurse Care during the COVID-19 Measures: Costs and use of protection material article 62 Describes the motivation for the introduction of an additional amount that can be added to decisitics provisions. Article 63 specifies for which benefits and fees the industry can be charged and the way in which, and determines the various specific pseudocodesdie and their application conditions. The following pseudocodes: 419252bijkoming amount in addition to a base for a stretching of a stretching of a stretching of a stretching of a stretching of a stretching of a stretching of a stretching of a stretching of a stretching to a stretching of a stretching to a stretching of a stretching to a stretching of a stretching of a stretching of a stretching of a stretching of a stretching of a stretching/FUTFAIT 419274 An additional amount in addition to a fixed amount A/fixed PA W 0.637419296 additional amount in addition a fixed amount B/fixed pb W 0.776419311 In addition to a fixed -up C 1,109de :- The place of provision;- the day of provision: no distinction between week, weekends holiday;- Non-Meenemen in the calculation of the daily ceiling; Article 64beplets that no personal share is owed by the rightholders.titel 6.- Labotestener were concluded agreements for the measures described in this Decree during informal consultations remotely with representatives of mutualities, laboratories, hospitals, sciensanoThe Clinical Biology Committee on 17 March and 16 April 2020. Consider the explanation of the WHO about the characteristics of the Coronavirus COVID-19, in particular with regard to the contagiousness, the death risk and the number of cases that was detected; predominantly strategic recommendation of the WHO for LABO tests for COVID19 on March 20, 2020: Laboratory Testing strategy Recommendations for COVID-19; Considering the guidelines of the Risk Management Groupinzake the investigation of the SARS-COV-2 virus; in the context of COVID-19 Pandemie of 3 April 2020; predominantly limited capacity and the scarcity of test material; predominantly the interests for public health to be able to offer the limited tests to the most emergency groups; predominantly restrictions on tests and the associated risks ; Article 65 shows an overview of all measures: 1 ° There is one reimbursement of testing of clinical biology with a teog on detecting the SARS-COV-2 virus and with a view to detecting antigens of the aforementioned virus under certain conditions; 2 ° There is no personal share for these tests; 3 ° there is a prohibition on fee supplements; 4 ° There is a prohibition on charging test ends not complying with the conditions of application to patients; 5 ° There is a temporary prohibition on charging serological tests. article 66 records the reimbursement of testing clinical biology with the eye On the detection of the SARS-COV-2 virus and with a view to detecting antigens of the aforementioned virus. These tests were not yet specifically reimbursable via the mandatory health insurance. The benefits are described via pseudomo clature codes: 554934-554945- detecting at least the SARS-COV-2 virus by means of a technique of molecular amplification55555555555549960- -COV-2-Virus. The rate for the provision 554934-554945 mites 46.81 euros, the rate for the provision 554956-554960 is 16.72 euros. The tests are highly recommended in national and international guidelines, such as the Guidelines Nomendoor de Risk Management Group, published on the website of the Sciensano and the strategic recommendation of the WHO for Labo Tests for COVID-19 on March 20, 2020: Laboratory Strategy Recommendations For Covid-19. The Antigentests have a lower sensitivity than the molecular tests, Maarleveren a fast result and can help to increase capacity during the peak of the pandemic. DeTesten will be reimbursed wo When they are used according to the guidelines of the Risk ManagementGroup that is published on the Sciensano website or in exceptional situations of clearly recovery clinical need for risk patients. In addition, tests are only reimbursed in recognized laboratories that meet the conditions that sciensano sets regarding Quality surveys that also meet certain biological safety regulations. To be able to follow the evolution of the depandemic in Belgium, the results of the tests must be sent to Sciensano's Dependence Pidemiology. To be able to use the scarce tests correctly and rationally with the most necessary groups with a one Steel An application form is added, signed by A doctor, which at least contains the following information regarding the clinical circumstances where the test is requested:- Identification of patient and prescriber;- requested.- or the test is done within D he test guidelines published at the time of the steel collection on the website of Sciensano. or the test is exceptionally done in the event of a clear demonstrative requirement at risk patient, it is also recommended that this application form will comprise ded retails of the clinical situation, whether it is and a care provider or risk patient and The hospitalization status. This must enable prioritization if there are more applications than there is available capacity.Scientific and administrative analyzes to make it possible to save the laboratories in electronic forms. For the period of 1 March to and by April 22, the benefits 554934-554945 and 554956-554960 can each apply 2 times per rectiferous Test guidelines relaxed and can be tested more much. For example, testing 1 to 2 times can be tested with asymptomatic patients Bijelke admission or with every new occupant of a residential collectivity. Through these broad screening, different situations are created where more than 2 tests are justified and the maximum of 2 times per rightholder can no longer be kept. The fee for the benefits 554934-554945 and 554956-554960 includes all costs associated with the test: the the test Drainage material, equipment, reagents, investment costs, quality control, personnel costs, supervision, protection material, transport costs, administrative costs, ... In the reimbursement conditions described in Article 66, § 3, conditions are also included i.v.m. The order of execution, repeating and cumulating the tests that enforce rational use of the tests. The benefits 554934-554945 and 554956-554960 cannot be charged for the collective screening of asymptomatic residents of a residential collective for persons, residence center, residence center, residence center, residence center, residence center, residence center, residence center, residence center, residence center, residence center, residence center, residence center, residence center, residence center, With disabilities, reception centers, prison, ...). These tests will be carried out and reimbursed through the test platform -organized by and with the cooperation of the federal government and federated entities.ikel67 stipulates that there is no personal share for the entitled parties. Item 68 makes a ban on fees. charging of tests on mandatory health insurance or to the patient if they do not meet the application conditions described in Article 66, § 3. This is necessary to be able to use scarce tests and limited capacity for patients with the greatest risks, to the quality of the Testing monitoring and protecting patients against unnecessary medical costs. This concerns, for example, testing that happens outside the test guidelines and without clearly demonstrable clinical necessity in risk patients, which are performed in a laboratory that does not appear on the list of sciensano or that are performed with test material that was not approved by the Fagg of Sciensano. Temporary ban on for charging serological tests for the investigation of antibodies against the SARS-COV-2 virus, for the term of the application of the Royal Decree of 17 March 2020 to establish a ban on the posting, commissioning and use Fast tests for measuring antibodies with regard to the SARS-COV-2 virus. The serological testing will play an important role in the next phase. For the time being there are no clear practical guidelines for its use. According to the advice of the Risk Assessment Group on indication positions Use for the diagnosis and follow-up of COVID-19 dating from 20/04/2020 there is still validation of the different types of serological tests. The tests will be useful on a diagnostic, occupational medical and epidemiological level, the use of these serological tests in this domain must be determined even better. Here too, a scarcity of tests that must be rational must be taken into account by the scientifically based reimbursement conditions. The detection of antigens of and antibodies against the SARS-COV-2 virus cannot yet be charged the benefits 552016-552020 or 55165 -551666 From Article 24 of the Annex to the Royal Decree of 14 September 1984 establishing the nomenclature of the Medical Insurance Insurance for Medical Care and Benefit. If the use of the Serological Tests is published on the SciENANO website, this is possible prohibition withdrawn and a repayment can be foreseen. The king will determine the target groups and the compensation conditions of the investigation tests that occur on a list set up by sciensano. The value of the provision is set at 9.60 euros. Ikel71 provides that the King - for the categories of care providers he indicates and under the conditions he determines - can provide a temporary financial intervention with the costs of special protection measures materials, in the context of the COVID 19 pandemie. , of any kindare charged by the care providers with regard to the costs of special protection measures and materials, regardless of the Convention Statute. Title 8. -Slot provisions article 72 provides for the king to determine the date of which the temporary measures end. In function of, among other things, the evolution of the sanitary situation, the general situation, the measures implemented as a result of the phases regarding the lifting of restraints the actual availability of care providers, the end of the various measures will have to be spread in time. The king will therefore be able to set the most suitable date for each measure to cancel it. This decision will have to be ratified by law in accordance with the corresponding article 7, second paragraph, of the Law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the King to take measures in the Fight against the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 (II). The measures that are taken on the basis of this Decree will have a limited effect over time and do not aim to change the regulations definition. However, the necessary follow -up for those acts, and in the special invoicing and payments, will still require some time to regularize after the last Vandie actions will be taken. Article 73 provides for the cancellation of the Royal Decree of 27 March 2020 to stop The calendars that determine the deadlines for the implementation of de procedures to change the list of reimbursable pharmaceutical specialties and of the list of the reimbursable implants and invasive medical devices as a result of the Pandemie COVID-13. Article 1 of the text has in design The same objective. Article 74 determines the effects of the Royal Decree. In order to ensure the interests of patients and the caregivers, proposed that the measures can be taken retroactively. The provisions of Title 3 have elaboration with effect from March 14, 2020. The molecular tests will be charged from March 1, 2020, the antigen will test can be charged from 1 April2020. The provisions concerning the protection measures have elaboration with effect from 4 May 2020. The authorization to the king to provide a financial intervention for the actions set in a triage and purchase center, comes into effect on a date to be determined by the king. I have the honor to be, Sire, Van Your Majesty, this respectful and very faithful servant, the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health, M. de Block13 May 2020. - Royal Decree no. 20 containing temporary measures in the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie and to ensure the continuity of care in the mandatory Insurance for Medical Care Filip, King of the Belgians, are to all servants and hereinafter referred to our greeting on the law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the King to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronaviruscovid-19 ( Ii), Articles 5, § 1, 1 °, and 6; Having regard to the Mandatory Insurance Act for Medical Care and Benefits, coordinated on July 14, 1994; having regard to the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on 5 May 2020; In view of the agreement finding of the Minister of Budget, given on May 8, 2020; Having regard to Article 8, § 2, 2 °, of the Act of 15 December 2013 containing various provisions on administrative simplification, this Decree is exempt from a regulatory impact analysis; in view of on the law of March 27, 2020, authorization grants the king to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus Covid-19 (i), Article 4, second paragraph; Deisendheid motivated by the outbreak of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Pandemie on the Belgian territory and the impossible to formally convene the established authorities; Considering the substantial increase in formal and physical consultation that would be necessary in technical working groups, councils and committees for decorative situations as a result to tackle the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19; predominantly necessity to regularize all measures that have already been established for reasons of public health and continuity of care have already been taken as soon as possible as well as to restrict the retroactive effect and to guarantee the legal certainty For all actors who are involved in the fight against the Pandemie every day; on the nomination of the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health on the advice of the ministers met in the Council, we have decided and we decide: Title1. - General provisions article 1. Subject to an opposite mention in this Decree or other legal or regulatory provision adopted after 13 March 2020the periods are provided for by or pursuant to the Mandatory Insurance Act for Medical Care Benes, coordinated on July 14, 1994, with the exception of the periods provided for or force department XVI and Department XXII of Chapter V of Title III, the titles IV, V , Vbis, Chapter III of Title VI and Chapters III and IV of Title VII of the law, suspended from 13 March 2020 to one by the king in a generic way or for some of those deadlines to be determined. 2. The procedures established by or pursuant to the Mandatory Insurance Insurance for Medicine Provisions and Benefits, coordinated on July 14, 1994, may take place in writing or can be sought at a distance. Or the measures can be taken without the statutory or regulatory proposals or advice being sought in advance. Titre 2. - Oxygen concentrator art.3. In Chapter 2, Section 6, of part 1 of the Annex attached to the Royal Decree of 24 October2002 establishing the procedures, periods and conditions under which the compulsory insurance for medical care and benefits meet the costs of the benefits referred to in Article 34, First paragraph, 20 °, of the Mandatory Insurance Insurance for Medicine Provisions and Benefits, coordinated on 14 July 1994, most recently amended by the Royal Decree of 13 March 2016, the following changes are made: 1 ° in § 1, the list of the funds will be made Supplemented with the following agents: fixed oxygen concentrator, Devilbiss Drive525 KS (SOS Oxygene Benelux) Fixed oxygen concentrator, Perfecto2 Invacare (SOS Oxygene Benelux) Fixed acid concentrator, Platinum 9 Invacare (SOS Oxygene Benelux) 2 ° As follows: Installation by the supplier: Cat. Code Benaming en verpakking Dénomination et conditionnement PrijsPrix Vergoedingsbasis Base de remboursement I II AVASTE ZUURSTOFCONCENTRATOR,DEVILBISS DRIVE 525 KS/OXYCONCENTRATEUR FIXE, DEVILBISS DRIVE 525 KS (SOS OXYGENE Benelux)31,80 31,80 0,00 0,00 AVASTE ZUURSTOFCONCENTRATOR, PERFECTO2INVACARE / Oxy concentrator Fixe, Perfecto2 Invacare (SOS Oxygene Benelux) 31.80 0.80 0.000.00 Avaste oxygen concentrator, Platinum 9 Invacare/ Oxy concentrateerfixe, Platinum 9 -Invacare (SOS Oxygene Benelux) 2.80 31.80 ° in § 8.80 31.80 31.80 ° 8.80 ° 80.80 31.80 ° 80.80 31.80 °8.80 ° 80.80 31.80 ° 80.80 31.80) Is point A, 2 °, a), supplemented as follows: Rental money and maintenance: cat. Code name and Packagingdénomination et Conditioning Price Prix Reference Base The Cash Cashback IIA -resistant oxygen concentrator, Devilbiss Drive 525 KS/Oxy concentratorfixe, Devilbiss Drive 525 KS (SOS Oxygene Benelux) 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10 (10.00 .o .o 00.00 .o .o 00a .o .o. 00.00 .o .o 00a .o .o .o .o .o .o00. 00a .oxaste Benelux) Benelux -Oxastux). /Oxy concentrator Fixe, Perfecto2, Invacare (Sosoxygene Benelux) 90.10 90.10 0.00 0.00 Avast Oxygen Concentrator, Platinum 9, Invacare/Oxy concentrator Fixe, Platinum 9 Invacare (SOS Oxygene Benelux) 90.10 90.10 , 00 humidifier for one -time use: cat. Code name and packaging Dénomination et Condition price Prix reimbursement base The brake delivery II II Avastic acid concentrator, Devilbiss Drive 525 KS/Oxy concentrator Fixe, Devilbiss Drive 525 KS (SOS Oxygene Beneluxer) 5.5.1OVATOR) /Oxy concentrator Fixe, Perfecto2, Invacare (SOS Oxygene Benelux) 5.51 5.510.00 0.00 Avaste Oxygen Concentrator, Platinum 9 Invacare/Oxy concentratorfixe Platinum 9, Invacare (SOS Oxygene Benelux) 5.51 0.00 0.00 3. - Continuckteit of healthcare chapter 1. - General provisions art.4. § 1. The provisions are indicated by a rank number before the description of the provision. The description of each provision is followed by the tracking letter N for the benefits of the doctors or dentist, c for supervision by a doctor specialist in a hospital Included court, K ​​for the technical benefits of doctors specialists, M for the benefits of physiotherapists. § 2. That keyter letter comes before a coefficient number that indicates the dewent value of each provision. § 3. The tracking letter is a sign of the value of the EURO as follows:- Before the provision 444710- 444721 included Article 5 of this Decree, the value of the key letter K is set at 1,290865 EUR;- for the benefits included in Article 6 of this Decree is the value of the keyter letter to 0.774166 EUR;- for the benefits included in Article 6 of this decision, the value of the key letter C sets at 1,4 EUR;- for the provisions included Articles 89 and 10 of this Decree, the value of N is set at 2 EUR's benefits included In Article 12 of this Decree, the value of N is set at 4 EUR-Before the provision 518011 In Article 13 of this Decree, the value is of the key letters set at 0.930233 EUR;- for the provision 518033 included in Article 13 of this Decree, the value of the cleutelletter M is set at 0.925926 EUR. § 4. Opelke Note, drawn up to support the performance of some provision, the rank number referred to in §1 must be stated. § 5. For the purposes of this Decree, it says: 1 ° "the nomenclature" in Articles 4 to 18 of this Decree: the nomenclature of the medical benefits as referred to in the annex to the Royal Decree of 14 September1984 establishing the nomenclature of medical benefits regarding compulsory insurance for medical care and benefits; 2 ° "the nomenclature" in Articles 19 to 28 of this Decree: Royal Decree of 10 January 1991 establishing the Nomenclature of the Rehabilitation Accounts referred to in Article 23, § 2, second paragraph, of the Developmental Insurance Act for Medical Care and Benefits, coordinated on July 14, 1994, Totaling the fees and prices of those benefits and determining the amount of the insurance policy in those fees and prices. Sends in a hospital art. 5. Short irradiation in breast cancer patients: 444710-444721Borstborstborst radiation radiation venue (5 fractions) with the use of intensity modulation (IMRT) in the context of COVID-19K 2000. In contrast to the provisions of Article 19, § 1, category 4, of Denomenclature, is the obligation to administer at least 15 fractions according to IMRT not applicable to the provision 444710-444721.kapstem 3.-Special supervision of patients with COVID-19Ar.6. § 1. Identification of the COVID-19 patient: 793800COVID-19 patient N0de provision 793800 is certified for all hospitalized COVID-19 patients. Undercovid-13 patient is understood:-a person with laboratory confirmation of COVID-19 infection A person with whom the laboratory test for COVID-19 is negative, but for whom the diagnosis of COVID-19 is made on the basis of a suggestive clinical presentation and a compatible CT Thorax.§ 2. benefits that require the skill of a doctor specialist such as stipulated in Article13, § 1, b, of the nomenclature: 211960 measurements of Hartdebiet by thermodilution curven or dye dilution curves, from the first day for COVID-19 patients, per day n 92th provision211960 is not cumulable with the provision 211326 of the Nomenclature. 211982 Supervision the Extracorporel Membraanoxygenation (ECMO) outside the surgical operations, from the second day before COVID-19 patients, per day n 168th provisionin G 211982 cannot be cumulable with the 211385 of Article 13 of the Nomenclature. The application rules for the provision211982 are the same as these for the provision 211363 included in Article 13 of the Nomenclature. 211960 and 211982 can only be charged for Covid-19 patients Included recognized function intensive care as well as on the additional beds for intensive care that the FPS Public Health is transmitted daily. The provision of Article 13, § 2, 10 ° of the nomenclature is suspended. The benefits of Article 13, § 1, b , from the nomenclature and the benefits 211960 and 211982 can also be charged on additional bed intensive care (without service code 49) that are passed on to the FPS daily to the FPS Public Health.§ 3. Connecteds that require the beaking of a physician specialist as determined in Article13, § 1, a, of the nomenclature: 211061 installation and supervision of controlled or assisted C deflecting artificial ventilation, under tracheal intubation or tracheotomy outside Denarcose, included Capnometry, from the third day for COVID-19 patients, per day n 168detringslassing rules for provision 211061 are the same as those for the 211046 of the Nomenclature. On the vital and non-vital functions with a wake device that follows the electrocardiogram at least permanently, including any registrations, outside the Narcoses, the surgical and obstetric operations and outside the functional heart tests, from the third day for COVID-19 patients, per per day n 30th application rules for provision212063 are the same as those for the provision 212041 of Article 13 of the nomenclature.214060continuty surveillance on heart function (with or without supervision of other vital parameters) with a waking device that, as well as the ElektrocardiogramAt least permanently follows the arterial pressure by means of an intra-artery catheter (outside the narcoses, the surgical and obstetric operations and outside the functional heart tests), including any registrations, from the third day for COVID-19 patients, per day 85th Application rules for provision 214060 are the same as for the provision214045 of Article 13 of the Nomenclature.214141 Measurements of Hartdebiet by thermodilution curven or coloring-dilution curves and/or continuous monitoring of the intracardial or pulmonary pressure through an intacardial catheterial catheterial catheterial catheterial catheterial catheterial- Patients, per day n 92hethonorarium for the provision 214141 may not be merged with the fee for the provision475075 - 475086 of Article 11 of the nomenclature. The benefits 211061, 212063, 214060 and 214141 can only be charged on non -intensive care that specific care that Being reserved for COVID-19 patients. § 4. Connections for supervision of a COVID-19-patient: 597984bijkomend fee for supervision of the entitled COVID-19 patient included in single hospital, per day C 20th provision 597984 Can be charged by a Arts-Specialist. The provision 597984 can be cumulated once per patient and per day with the usual supervision fee by another doctor-specialist dan the doctor specialist who charges the usual monitoring fee 597984 can be charged for a COVID-19 patient recorded on a recognized Function Intensive Care, on the additional beds for intensive care that are passed on to the FPS Health daily in a COVID-19 department. § 5. The benefits can only be charged in paragraphs 1, 2, 3 and 4 in general hospitals (acute general hospitals, university hospitals and hospitals with a university character). Chapter 4. - care on distanceAart.7. The following basic principles apply to the remote benefits included in Articles 8 TOTS with 13, 16, 19 and 19 to 28: 1 ° The patient or his legal representative gives his information informed for the provision by telephone or video communication; 2 ° the means of communication requires an end-to-end encrypting; 3 ° the patient is the possibility to follow this provision without physical presence; 4 ° the provision of the care of care with the exception of the provisions with regard to the triage; 5 ° the quality of care is guaranteed by providing a limitation in certain cases on the number of benefitsper care provider. Department 1. - Specific care on distance. 8. Care a doctor § 1. Triage: 101990 advice with a view to triage covid-19n 10101835 advice with a view to triage covid-19 during the organized GP service service, an advice with an eye on triage covid-13 is understood after a telephone triage after fullean naamnesis of a patient with symptoms of a possible contamination with the SARS-COV-2 virus, in a special situation where measures are imposing in the field of public health to restrict the risks of distribution. The doctor must be able to clearly identify his patient and notes the File of the patient the telephone contact, the advice that were provided and the nature of the documents that were delivered. § 2. Continuity of care: 101135 advice with the eye for continuity of care N 10 Under Advice with a view to continuity of care means a telephone history of a patient in treatment with the doctor, who cannot meet in person for motivated reasoning in view of the advice In connection with the COVID-19 Pandemie. DEATERS must be able to clearly identify and notes his patient in the patient's file, the motivated reason that requires this advice, the advice provided, the possible adjustments to the treatment schedule and the nature of the documents delivered.§ 3. Application rules: the benefits 101990, 101835 and 101135 are done without any physical research by the sick person. The doctor does not meet the patient in person. The benefits101990, 101835 and 101135 include the preparation and signing of certificates, pharmaceutical regulations all kinds of documents. The provisions 101990 and 101135 can be charged by Elkarts. The provision 101835 can only be charged by a doctor during The organized home practitioner service. The benefits 101990, 101835 and 101135 may not be merged with the fee for consultation, visit or advice referred to in Article 2 of Nomenclature.101835 and 101135 may not be merged on the same day by the same doctor. The provision 101135 may be charged a maximum of 5 times per doctor per doctor per doctor. Advice 101990 and 101135 contained in the fixed amount for general practitioner medicine. These codes cannot therefore be charged for registered patients. These codes, on the other hand, can be charged for telephone advice for non-written patients. During the general practitioner service service, the doctors, working in the medical houses, can also use the code 101835 for patients who are not registered in a medical house. Medical house who receives telephone advice during the organized GP service from a doctor who does not work in a medical house will not be recovered at the medical house where the patient is registered.art. 9. Care by a psychiatrist § 1. Advice: 101872 advice With a view to a possible-drilling referral of the patient to a mobile 2A team or a psychiatric emergency service N10De, the provision 101872 requires the telephone anamnesis of the patient. The provision101872 can only be patient charged. § 2. Adult, child and adolescent psychiatry: 101894 session with a minimum duration of 30 minutes, without physical presence, with a view to a psychiatric diagnosis or a psychotherapeutic treatment N22.5th provision 101894 implies a telephone or video communication between the doctors the patient. 101916 session with a minimum duration of 45 minutes, without physical presence, with a view to rescheduling psychotherapeutic treatment that were started for the government measurement 101916 implies a video communication between the doctors the patient. § 3. Child and adolescent psychiatry: 101931 session Immediately minimum duration of 60 minutes in view of a media therapy of a child or young person of the lesson for 18 years with the participation of one or more adults who are responsible for upbringing and daily guidance, without physical presence n 48the Supply 101931 implies a video commuting interpretation The doctor and the participants. The provision 101931 always requires the participation of higher -named volume (s), whether or not together with the child. For the psychotherapeutic treatment the child, without physical presence, the provision is patented 101916. 101953 Considerable physical presence between the doctor and the psychologist or orthopedagogue on the ambulant treatment of a patient younger than 18 years n 26th of the provision 101953 implies single -fonic or video communication between the doctor and the psychologist or orthopedagogue with a minimum duration of this provision of the doctor's Roll of n the psychologist or of the remedial educationalist clarify in a treatment plan that was drawn up during an extensive psychiatric evaluation (109351,109410 or 101975), a media therapy (109336, 109675 or 101931) or a hospital admission (K-service). is made up. The signature by the participants is not required. The provision 101953 is included in the limitation of Maximaal 5 Consultation interviews per year for benefits 109373 and 109395,101975 sitting with a minimum duration of 120 minutes with a view to an extensive and individual psychiatric evaluation or less than less than than 18 years, without physical presence, on the prescription of the treating doctor, with file formatting and report n 100th provision 101975 includes, per session, at least one video communication of a minimum of 60 minutes with the patient and possibly the responsible (s) previously education and daily guidance. The provision 101975 also includes the possible contacts for heteroanamnesis of and instructions to third parties (general practitioner, school, reception center) and the supervision and joint interpretation of the necessary psychological tests. The provision 101975 covers the formatting of a detailed treatment plan and the introduction to treatment. 101975 can only be carried out on prescription of the treating arts. The possible repeat of this complete child and adolescent psychiatric evaluation requires a prescription from the treating doctor. The provision 101975 is included in the limitation of a maximum of seven charged provisions 109351 and 109410 per complete evaluation. § 4. General application rules: the benefits 101872, 101894, 101916, 101931101953 and 101975 can only be charged by Arts specialists in psychiatry and physician specialists in Neuropsychiatry.Teneindede Quality of the benefits to guarantee the maximum daily duration for the whole of benefits at 8 hours per physician specialist. The benefits 101894 , 101916,101931, 101953 and 101975 cannot be cumulable with each other. The benefits 101894, 101916,101931, 101953 and 101975 are not cumulable with the benefits of the nomenclature, carried out by the same or another doctor's same or the same-day artist Specialist in Neuropsychiatry. For what the measures regarding the partial day or night shots in psychiatric hospital departmental departments, including the adjustments following COVID-19 Pandemie, the benefits101872, 101894, 101916, 101931, 101953 and 10195 and 101915, can be charged with usual of the provision101916 that can only be submitted Enden, outside the normal attendance hours in the hospital, forth patients in partial night admission of whom regular psychotherapeutic treatment was going on the hospital before March 14, 2020.Art. 10. Care by one-neuropediatrist: 101791 session of at least 45 minutes, without physical presence, for the follow-up of children, adolescents or younger than 23 years with neurological development disorders (autism-spectrum disorder, attention disorder or hyperactivity) or the serious behavior) N 25th provision 101791 comprises: 1 ° a mandatory contact via telephone or video communication with the patient with guidance and support from adults who are responsible for education; 2 ° the possible adjustment of the treatment; 3 ° a written report that is obliged to the treating doctor must be delivered. The provision101791 implies a telephone or video communication between the doctor and the participants. The provision of 101791 can only be charged by physician specialists in neurology or pediatric die holder of the special professional title in child neurology. The guarantee is the maximum daily duration of all those benefits per physician specialist the neurology or pediatrics that are holder of the special professional title in child neurology. Definitated at 8 hours. The provision 101791 cannot be cumulated with the provision 101135Alt with the consultations referred to in Article 2 of the Annex to the Royal Decree of 14 September1984 establishing the nomenclature, which were carried out the same day by any physician specialist in neurology or pediatrics that are holder of the special professional title in Kinderneurology.art.11. Contrary to the provision "The benefits 350372-350383, 350276-350280, 350291-350302, 350394-350405 and 350416-350420 require the simultaneous physical presence of the various participating doctors. organized Video Communication.art. 12. Dental care § 1. Telephone advice: 389012Telphonic advice with any referral of a patient with a reporting question n 5389034telphonic advice with possible referral of a patient with a reported care demandIn the context of a recognized organized waiting service n 5 -partician advice, a telephone history with accompanying advice and any drug regulations are understood to mean any referral. The dentist notes a brief report of contact with the relevant sales in the patient file. When referring, the Practicus who is referred to is informed about the results of the advice and the relevant data. The patient immediately calls the dentist acute care demand or for additional follow -up of their dental treatment. The patient of the reasons of motivated reasons the dentist does not meet in person in view of the advice in connection with Decovid-19 Pandemie. No distinction is made between patients until the 18th birthdays after the 18th birthday. § 2. Terms of Application: the benefits 389012 and 389034 can be granted by all dentists with an RIZIV number. The benefits389012 and 389034 may be charged once per dentist only once per period of 7 calendar days. Patient can the same dentist on the same day 389012 and 389034Niet cumulate with some provision from Article 5 of the Nomenclature. The day's day Derand Doctor can charge a maximum of 10 times the provision 389012. On the days on which a dentist works in the context of an recognized organized guard service can charge the provision 389034 maximum20 times a day . The same day the benefits 389012 and 389034 cannot be secumulated. The benefits 389012 and 389034 do not apply to Hospitalized Patients. The Oral Care Project does not apply. The provisions 389012 and 389034 Nenniet if the required contact in the year 2020 for the amount of the allowances in the year 2021.dekerekekelkings 389012 and 389034 have no influence on the P-values.art. 13. physiotherapy care § 1. Weekforfait: 518011 care remote via video communication (weekly forphic) M 43518033 Care remote via telephone communication (weekforfait) M 27theze benefits include at least: 1 ° the evaluation of the Patient's Occasion; an individual exercise program and the timing of activities of daily life (ADL); 3 ° 2 contacts per week in which the patient encourages his exercise program to follow; 4 ° Follow -up and adjust the exercise program of the patient; 5 ° registering useful parameters ( Mobility, ...). §2. Conditions: the benefits 518011 and 518033 can be granted by Allekinesitheouten with an RIZIV number. The provision 518011 can only be charged during a week at least two video communications have taken place between the physiotherapists the patient of which one with a minimum duration of 58033. can only be charged if during a week at least two telephone communications have taken place the physiotherapist and the patient. The benefits 518011 and 518033 can be regarded as a fixed reimbursement per week and per patient. . Patient and per week only one of the benefits 518011 or 518033 can be charged. The physiotherapist follows the patient in his rehabilitation processes to follow his care protocol. The physiotherapist notes in the patient file contact moments, the duration and the way true The proceedings have expired, with the indication of the advancing protocol and the evolution of the patient as well as the Application used. This physiotherapy care must be prescribed by a competent care provider. There is no specific referral requirement on the regulation for a remote care. The benefits 518011 and 518033 are not applicable to hospitalized patients. The benefits 518011 and 518033 own no influence on the "counters" within the nomenclature, but can be monitored per provider 518011 and 518033 do not count for the number of prescribed benefits on the classical physiotherapy rule. For the week in which such benefits are charged, no benefits from Article 7 of the nomenclature are charged (including written reports, hands-on benefits, etc.) Art. 14. There is no personal share due to the beneficiaries for the benefits referred to in Articles 8 to 10, 12 and 13.Art.15. No supplements are permitted for the benefits referred to in Articles 8 to 1012 and 13. Department 2. - possibility of care on distance. 16. Care of speech therapy all-reliefs from Article 36 of the nomenclature may be provided via video communication. For a specific care situation, the speech therapist must always check whether a remote provision is responsible. For the young person under the age of 18, the speech therapist must prior permission by e-mail the parent (s) (or legal representative) that the younger distance speech distance) Added to the code provided for in Article 36 of the Nomenclature. Detective restrictions of Article 36 of the Nomenclature remain applicable: 1 session per day Iisterugbetaald.art. 17. Pre- and postnatal Zorgalle benefits from Article 9, a), of the nomenclature may be granted via telephone or video communication, with the exception of the benefits where the physical presence of the midwife is indispensable, such as the injections, supervision and assistance to the parturient during the work phase, the deliverances, the post -natal supervision of the day of redemption, etc. For each specific care situation, the midwife must always check whether a remote guidance is justified. The benefits via telephone or video communication can be granted by all midwives with a RIZIV number. Sales without being able to charge a physical presence, the pseudocode 792433 (relative provision for remote care) must be added to the code provided for in Article 9, a), of the nomenclature. benefits, the cumulation of benefits and the D Ossier from the beneficiary remain applicable if the provision is carried out viatelefonic or video communication. The collective preparation for the birth remains possible if the technology of an interactive "webinar" is used. The participants can follow session directly at home, see and hear the midwife and ask questions if desired.art.18. The fee and the amount of the insurance allowance for the benefits referred to in articles 16 and 17 are the same as for the benefits with the physical presence of the nomenclature.department3. - remote care regarding rehabilitation provisions. 19. In view of the advice in connection with the COVID-19 Pandemie, deviations are provided for the provisions provided for in the Royal Decree of 10 January 1991 establishing the nomenclature of the rehabilitation provisions referred to in article 23, § 2, second paragraph, of the Act on the Act Mandatory insurance for medical provision and benefits, coordinated on July 14, 1994, establishing the fees and prices of those benefits and determining the amount of the insurance policy in those fees for the period from March 14, 2020.Art. 20. Dietetics perspective patient who qualifies 794010 or 771131 for benefits, a maximum of 2 of this provisions Via telephone or video communication can be performed, under the following conditions: 1 ° all conditions that apply to the benefits 794010 and 771131; 2; 2; ° the minimum duration of the benefits via telephone or video communication remains 30 minutes; 3 ° The fee and the amount of the insurance policy is the same for the benefits via telephone or video communication as for the benefits 794010 and 771131; 4 ° the dietician can be the same patient maximum 2 Realizes via telephone or video communication, and maximum1 per day per patient; 5 ° the benefits via telephone or video communication count before the maximum number of benefits 794010 and 771131 in which the insurance intervenes for a patient; 6 ° the dietician agrees with the patient in advance To benefits by telephone or via V. IDEOCOMMUCATION FIRCATION; 7 ° The dietitian informs the patient in advance about the personal share of the entitled party in the fee for these benefits; 8 ° The dietitian registers the provision of the telephone or video communication and its duration in the patient file that he keeps by patient; 9 ° on The Care certificate certificates the dietitian the provision via telephone or video communation choir to state the Nomenclature Code that applies to this provision (794010 or 771131), together with the additional code 792433. The pseudocode 792433 becomes Law. If the dietician invoices electronicallyhe mentions the additional pseudocode 792433 in these "relative provision" of the billing file.art. 21. Subsections of diabetes patients § 1. per patient who are eligible for the benefits 794253, 794275.794290 and/or 794312 can be made, a maximum of 2 of these benefits can be made via telephone or video communication, under the following conditions: 1 ° the maximum number of 2 benefits via telephone or video communication applies per patient for the total of all benefits 794253, 794275.794290 and 794312 together; 2 ° except the condition of the space where the provision must be realized, all conditions that apply to the realized provision of application are met are; 3 ° the minimum duration of the benefits via telephone or video communication 30 minutes; 4 ° The fee and the amount of the insurance allowance is for the benefits via telephone or video communication the same as for the provision without telephone or video communication; 5 ° the provider is possible For the same patient maximum2 fresh trekkingen via telefoon of videocommunicatie realiseren, en maximum 1 per dag per patiënt;6°de verstrekkingen via telefoon of videocommunicatie tellen mee voor het maximum aantal verstrekkingen794253, 794275, 794290, 794312, 794334, 794356, 794371 en 794393 waarin de verzekering tussenkomt vooreen patiënt 7 ° The provider agrees with the patient in advance to make provisions via the telephone or via video communication; 8 ° The provider registers the provider via telephone or video communication and its duration in the patient file that he keeps by patient; 9 ° if a provision 794253 794275 or 794312 was carried out via telephone or video communication, certificates the provider by telephone or video communication by stating on the Nomenclature Code certificate that applies to the realized provision (794253, 794275 or 794312), together with the additional code 794312. The pseudocode 792433 is next to the user Kenomenclature code stated. If the provider invoices electronically, he states the additional pseudocode792433 in the "Relative provision" zone of the invoicing file; 10 ° If a provision 794290 has been carried out by telephone or video communication, the pharmacist charges this provision with the help of code 794953. § Patient which intervenes for the benefits 794415 and 794430 can be made, a maximum of 2 of these benefits via telephone or video communication can be made, under the following conditions: 1 ° the maximum number of 2 benefits via telephone or video communication money per patient for the total of all benefits 794415 and 794430 Together; 2 ° Being -VEDEVEN CONDITION OF THE SPACE WHICH THE SHOULD IS REALIZED, ATTENTION CONDITIONS CONDITIONS OF THE RESIDENTIAL PROMOTION The minimum duration of the provisions via telephone or video communication is being met for 30 minutes; 4 ° The fees the fees amount of the insurance Stegemoning is the same for the benefits via telephone or video communication as for the provision without telephone or video communication; 5 ° dediabetes education can be a maximum of 2 benefits via telephone or video communationalization for the same patient, and a maximum of 1 per day per patient; 6 ° the benefits via patient; along for the maximum number of benefits 794415, 794430 and 794452 in which the insurance intervenes for a patient; 7 ° The diabetes educator agrees with the patient in advance to perform the telephone or via video communication; 8 ° the diabetes educator registers via telephone or video commentation and the video commentation Duration of it in the patient file that he keeps track of per patient; 9 ° on the Care certificate, the Diabetes Educator DEVERTACTION Certain via telephone or video communication by mentioning the Nomenclature Code that is on this provision of application (794415 or 794430), SAME n with the additional code 792433. The pseudocode 792433 is stated in addition to the usual nomenclature code. If the diabetes education invoices electronically, he states the additional pseudocode 792433 in the "Relative provision" of the billing file.art.22. Occupational therapist Patient who is eligible for the provision 784335 can be made by telephone or video communication, under the following conditions: 1 ° except the condition regarding the space where the provision must be achievedAll conditions that apply to the provision 784335 are met; 2 ° The minimum duration of the benefits via video communication remains 60 minutes; 3 ° The fee and the amount of the insurance policy is for the benefits via video communication the same as for the provision 784335 4 ° the occupational therapist can achieve maximum 2 benefits via video communication for the same patient, and maximum 1 per day per patient; 5 ° Dexectures via video communication count for the maximum number of benefits 784335 where insurance intervenes for a patient; 6 ° the ergotherapist must in advance, Agree to work with the patient to work via video communication, and thereby checking whether the patient is in it and whether he has the necessary material (required communication equipment and software applications). The occupational therapist also informs the patient in advance The personal share of the person entitled to the fee for this e provisions; 7 ° The occupational therapist registers the provision through video communication and its duration in the patient file that he keeps by patient; 8 ° on the certificate of care the occupational therapist certificates the provision via Video Communicatieoor to mention the usual nomenclature code 784335, together with the additional code 792433. The pseudocode792433 is stated to the right next to the usual nomenclature code. If the occupational therapist electronic invoices, he states the additional pseudocode 792433 in the "Relative provision" zone of the invoicing file. Department 4. - remote care regarding rehabilitation provider agreement. 23. In view of the recommendations in connection with the COVID-19 Pandemie, deviation provisions on the provisions of the agreements referred to in Article 22, 6 ° and Article 23, § 3 of the law on mandatory insurance for medical care and benefits Coordinated top 14 July 1994 , for the period from March 14, 2020.Art. 24. Supervisors with the Centradie patients who suffer from the consequences of female genital mutilations, with the centers for transgender care and with the memory clinics. § 1. In the context of the Agreement, the insurance committee, on the proposal of the Municipal Executive, has concluded with Decentra who guide patients who suffer from the consequences of female genital mutilations (RIZIV identification number7.76.1xx.xx), with The Centers for Transgender Care (RIZIV identification number 7.76.2xx.xx) and with the memory clinics (RIZIV identification number 7.78.1xx.xx) can be a psychologist who is part of the team that realizes the agreement before, sessions via video communication. § 2. The following provisions are eligible for this: 1 ° the provision "session" (pseudocodes 784593 - 784604) of the centers that guide patients who suffer from the consequences of female genital mutilations; 2 ° the "seat" provision (pseudocodes 787916 - 78720 ) of the centers for transgender care; 3 ° the provision "seat in the clinic" (pseudocodes 784512 - 784523) of the memory clinics.§ 3. These provisions via video communication can be realized under the following conditions: 1 ° except the condition where The provision must be achieved, is experienced on all conditions of the respective agreements that apply to the respective benefits; 2 ° the advisory doctor of the insurance institution of the person entitled to the right of the guidance in the establishment concerned; 3 ° the minimum duration of the benefits via video communication remains 60 minutes; 4 ° per day and per patient chance Lechts one provision via video communication is reimbursed; 5 ° The prices and fees of the benefits via video communication are in line with the prices and fees of the respective agreements that apply to the respective benefits; 6 ° the benefits via video communication for the maximum number of benefits in which the insurance intervenes for a patient; 7 ° The psychologist must work in advance, via telephone, with the beneficiary to work via video communication, and thereby checking whether the beneficiary is able to do so and whether he has the necessary material (required communication equipment and software -Applications). DePsychologist also informs the beneficiary in advance about the personal share of the entitled party in the fee for these benefits; 8 ° The psychologist registers the provision via video communication. The duration of it in the patient file that provides the agreement; 9 ° the hospital that the respective agreement has concluded with the Insurance committeeinvoices the realization through video communication using the pseudocode: a) 788992 (outpatient patient) or 789003 (hospitalized patient) for a session in the context of the agreement with the Centradie guiding patients who are struggling with the consequences of female genital mutilations; b) 785971 (Ambulatory Patient) or 785982 (Hospitalized Patient) for a session in the context of the agreement with the centers for transgender care; c) 785993 (ambulatory patient) or 786004 (Hospitalized patient) for a session in the context of the agreement with the memory. Art. 25. Agreements with the Clairs Vallons and Zeepverentorium § Institutions § 1. In the Frame VAN the agreements that the Insurance Committee, on the proposal of the Municipal Executive, concluded with the "Clairs Vallons" establishments in Ottignies (RIZIV identification number 7.76.601.78 ) and "Zeepordentorium" in De Haan (RIZIV identification number 7.76.602.77), an individual guidance session can be realized by telephone or video communication for beneficiaries whose rehabilitation program in the establishment concerned has been interrupted. § 2. This provisions via telephone or video communication can be realized under the following conditions: 1 ° The provision of individual guidance session of 1 hour via telephone or video communication can only be carried out for a beneficiary for whom the advisory doctor of the insurer of the rectifier in the rehabilitation of the rehabilitation program in The establishment concerned has permitted; 2 ° only individual guidance of 1 patient or of the family of 1 patient or of a family of which are part of which are part of the patients. Group sessions via telephone or video with multiple patient that are not part of the same family, are excluded; 3 ° the individual guidance session at Minimum 1 hour via telephone or video communication can never be charged for patients who stay in the design or who are admitted to a hospital; 4 ° The individual guidance side minimum 1 hour via telephone or video communication can never be charged for new patients for whom the rehabilitation of the rehabilitation on 14 March 2020 had not yet started; 5 ° the individual guidance session of a minimum of 1 hour via telephone or video communication may be splitstin smaller parts, whereby any alternately various members of the team that provide the agreement, agree; 6 ° per week can be reimbursed for the same rightholder maximum 5 individual guidance sessions of a minimum of 1 hour via telephone or video communication; 7 ° the price of the individual counseling session of a minimum of 1 hour Via telephone or video communication is 100 euros. This price not only takes into account the minimum duration of the individual guidance session, but also with the necessary preparation time, the time required for the reporting on this, the Supervisieoor de Arts, the time spent on team consultation, administration costs and the general operating costs of the establishment; 8 ° the team member who carries out an individual guidance session of a minimum of 1 hour of VIATEPHONE or video communication, agrees with the patient in advance to make benefits via the telephone or via video communication and informs the entitled party or his legal representative before the person's personal share in the fee for the realized provision; 9 ° of each individual guidance session of a minimum of 1 hour via telephone or video communication, the date, the start and end hour, the identity of all parties involved, the discipline to which a involved team member belongs and the content of the intervention registered in the patient file that the agreement prevents; 10 ° the individual guidance session of a minimum of 1 hour via telephone or video communication is charged using the pseudocode 783996. § 3. The team members of Clairsvallons and Zeeprorentorium can be for the patients of the establishment in which they work, including the Patients who have interrupted the rehabilitation program of these establishments never make a distance from a distance in which the insurance for medical care intervenes on the basis of one other than the agreements that the insurance committee has concluded with Clairs Vallons and the Zeepverentorium. Only the individual guidance session of a minimum of 1 hour via telephone or video communication jug, under the conditions described above, by team members of these establishments via telephone or video communication for patients of these establishments are realized.art. 26. Agreements with the rehabilitation centers for locomotor and neurological rehabilitation § 1. In the framework of the agreements that the insurance committee, on the proposal of the Municipal Executive DirectorsClosed with the rehabilitation centers for locomotor and neurological rehabilitation (with an RIZIV identification number of the type 7.71.xxx.xx, 9.50.xxx.xx or 9.51.xxx.xx), a provision of speech therapy can be made via video communication. § 2. The rehabilitation center concerned can charge this provision for speech therapy video communication under the following conditions: 1 ° The provision of speech therapy video communication is carried out for a beneficiary for whom the adviser doctor of the insurance institution of the entitled party to the rehabilitation program in a rehabilitation center for the rehabilitation program in a rehabilitation program has permitted; 2 ° the provision of speech therapy via Video Communications is carried out for a rightholder of whom the rehabilitation program in a rehabilitation center Voorocomotor and neurological rehabilitation is temporarily interrupted; 3 ° the speech therapy Video communication is made by a speech -validistor partic part of the rehabinist part of the rehabinist part of the rehabinist part of the Realidist partician and neurological rehabilitation that an agreement has concluded with the insurance committee; 4 ° the minimum duration of the speech therapy through video communication is 30 minutes n Has the need material (required communication equipment and software applications). The speech , 06 euros; 9 ° per day, for the same entitled to a maximum of one speech therapy via, video communication in the context of the agreement can be charged with the insurance committee; 10 ° The hospital that concluded the agreement with the insurance committee invoices the realization of the realization via video communication using the pseudocode: a) 783495 (ambulant patient) or 783506 (hospitalized patient) for a hearing in the context of an agreement with a RIZIV identification number of the type 7.71.xx.x; b) 791475 (Ambulatory Patient) or 791486 for a session in the context of an OVE ranging with an RIZIV identification number of type 9.50.xxx.xx; c) 791534 (outpatient patient) or 791545 (hospitalized patient) for a session in the context of an agreement with an RIZIV identification number of the type 9.51.xx.x.x. Art. 27. Agreement with the CP reference centers § 1. In the context of the agreements that the insurance committee, on the proposal of the Municipal Executive, concluded with the reference centers for Cerebralpalsy (CP) (agreements with an RIZIV identification number of the type 7.89.50X.XX), the "punctual advice" provision that is described in Article 7, 3 ° and Article 11 of those agreements can be realized via telephone or video communication. § 2. The relevant CP reference center Kandeze Provision "Punctual Advies" via telephone or video communication Allow the following conditions: 1 ° the provision of punctual advice meets the conditions of the agreement, and in particular to the conditions of Articles 7 , 3 °, 11 and 12 of the agreement; 2 ° The provision of punctual advice can only be realized via telephone or video communication for a beneficiary for whom there is already a rehabilitation program ongoing, of which the relevant doctor of the insurance institution of the beneficiary is permitted; 3; ° the Punctual Advice provision can only be realized via telephone or video communication for a person entitled for whom the provision is previously the provision 783510-783521, as described in Article7, 1 ° and Article 8 of the Agreement with the Insurance Committee, has been realized; 4 ° the members of the team of the CP reference center that intervening in the provision, informing of the rights holder or his legal representative about the personal share due before the provision is started; 5 ° the entitled party or his legal representative has agreed prior to the provision of punctual advice via telephone or video communication; 6 ° the righteous person, spread over at least 2 different daysreceived in total minimum 2 hours of guidance via telephone or video communication. Maximum 1 hour of guidance via telephone or video communication are taken into account per day and per patient can. This hourly magic may be split into smaller parts. Only guidance time for which no other man an intervention is charged can be taken into account; 7 ° The provision -punctual advice via telephone or video communication can be charged a maximum of once a month and per beneficiary By means of individual guidance (guidance of 1 patient and his family). Group sessions via telephone or video communication with multiple patients who are not part of the self -determination, cannot be part of the minimum required guidance time; 9 ° all intertwens via telephone or video communication must be in the patient file are stated (date, start and end hour, which team member and which discipline, content of the intervention); 10 ° The provision of punctual advice via telephone or video communication is charged to the price that is due under the agreement with the insurance committee for one Provision of punctual advice; 11 ° The provision -punctual advice via telephone or video communication is charged using the pseudocode 784394 (ambulatory patient) or 784405 (hospitalized patient) .Art. 28. Agreement with the multidisciplinary diagnostic center for patients with chronic fatigue syndrome (CVS) §1. In the context of the agreement that the insurance committee, on the proposal of the Municipal Executive, has concluded with the multidisciplinary diagnostic center for patients with chronic fatigue syndrome (agreement with RIZIV identification number 7.89.453.30), the provision of "session cognitive behavioral therapy can "(CGT session) are realized via video communication. § 2. The `CBT session through video communication 'is a CBT session as defined in Article 19 of the Agreement whereby the' cognitive behavioral therapist for CFS 'and the beneficiary are not physically present in the practical chamber of the cognitive behavior therapist (contrary to article 19, 2 ° of the Agreement), but the treatment session of Vancognitive Behavioral Therapy realizing by remote communication through an application of video communication.§ 3. In order to be able to realize a CBT session through video communication, the 'cognitive behavioral therapist for CVS' must advance, by telephone, by telephone, To have agreed with the person entitled to realize the session per video communication. The `cognitive behavioral therapist for CFS 'thereby checks whether the person entitled is responsible for this and whether he has the communication equipment and software applications required for video communication.§ 4. The provisions and rate of the agreement that apply to the "CGT sessions" also apply to the "CGT sessions through video communication". With regard to compliance with, among other things, the CBT session, the CBT session counts as a normal CBT session.§ 5. The pseudocode for the CBT session by video communication is 788970 for ambulatory rights holders 788981 for hospitalized righteous-holding. 29. The Royal Decree of 18 March2020 establishing various exceptional measures regarding the mandatory insurance for forecast care and benefits with a view to care care of patients in the context of the COVID-19 Pandemie with the SARS-COV-2 virus is being canceled. 4. - Structure chapter1. - Switch care centers. 30. For the purposes of this chapter, it is understood to mean: 1 ° triage and purchase center: the centers referred to in Article 44; 2 ° Schakelzorgcentrum: The Centradie in the context of COVID-19 were established by the Deeltities after approval of the Governor, those temporary patients who have been referred after admission to a hospital or transferring a triage and purchase center or by a service of emergencies, and who for the reason that have been included in this chapter cannot return directly to their ordinary living situation; 3 ° the law: dewet concerning mandatory insurance for medical care and benefits, coordinating top 14 July 1994; 4 ° The compulsory insurance: the compulsory insurance for medical care and benefits as referred to in the law of 14 July 1994; 5 ° the RIZIV: the National Institute for Sickness and Invalidity Insurance. Art. 31. This chapter regulates: 1 ° for the Schakelzorgcentra, the conditions under which the compulsory insurance may be met with the costs of follow -up, supervision and care by nurses, care experts and by doctors; 2 ° the conditions for the compulsory insurance in the cost of others Healthcare in the centers in Article 302 °. Art. 32. § 1. The patients for whom the allowance intended in this chapter are allocated, these are in which COVID-19 was detected. Either they were admitted to the hospital or they were investigated in a triage and purchase center or in a service of emergencies where it was decided that admission to the hospital is not necessary. If these patients are determined, they cannot keep up on their return to their normal living situation The strict rules of insulation, hygiene and distance from high risk persons or still need specific care that cannot be offered in a normal living situation can be included in a switching care center for a stay up to three weeks. This determination stated in the referral letter from the treating physician to the Schakelzorgcentrum. §2. If it concerns a patient who, under normal circumstances, in a collective/residential structure and in which COVID-19 was detected, the patient must be referred to the collective/residential residence where he should be able to do with strict conditions of insulating and hygiene upon dismissal and where the continuity of care can be guaranteed. If this can be impossible to be guaranteed as a result of exceptionally difficult conditions within the residential residence and if this was determined by the recognizing government, a temporary passenger center can be decided. This stay is limited to a minimum over time and preferably no longer than one -week.art. 33. § 1. The switching care centers must be able to include the patients who are present in the following situations: 1 ° for a patient in which COVID-19 was detected who has no chronic condition, is self-reliant and is generally independent in His daily life, only daily monitoring of certain parameters is needed to detect any deterioration of his state.2 ° for a patient in which COVID-19 was detected and who is not very independent in daily life (disoriented, geriatric, with disabilities , Katz scale home nursing a, b or c, etc.) Whether that needs chronic care (wound care, insulin, etc.), must offer the switching care center framework that will enable him to be in addition to the daily retention of the parameters for any deterioration of his condition to be detected, the care of his dependency situation. 3 ° for a patient who generally autonomous, where COVID-19 was detected and which due to admission to the hospital is temporary rehabilitatievergnig needs (including after a long stay at a intensive care service) that are given in a home situation that is not possible due to the lack of the necessary equipment or due to the unsuitability of the home, a framework must be offered that will enable him to detect any deterioration of his condition in addition to the daily monitoring of the parameters, the care of the recovery process requires his recovery process. § 2. The inclusion in a switching care center is only possible, if the necessary equipment, the equipment and staff are available.art. 34. Detegoming for doctors referred to in Article 35 depends on the following assignments and conditions: 1 ° The allowance covers medical supervision and medical care by a group of doctors designated in consultation with the GP circle of the center of the center 2; ° for the follow -up of patients, the coordination of care and for the administration of medical care, in function of the care burden of patients in the center, the physical presence is organized by a doctor's challenge 8 hours a day for a group of 30 patients; 3 ° per additional disc of 15 patients can be added a maximum of 4 additional hours of physical presence of a doctor per day; 4 ° under the indicated doctors, agreements are made for availability during the evening and the night (5 pm - 8 am the next day) by one doctor; 5 ° The doctor connected to the center is responsible for prescribing care for the period that the patient is staying in the Schake lzorgcentrum; 6 ° the doctor connected to the center decides to have the patient hospitalized again; 7 ° the doctor connected to the center decides to resign the patientIn consultation with the patient/general practitioner/other structures. In addition, the doctor also takes into account the dismissal criteria that are drawn up by Sciensano The framework of COVID-19 crisis; 8 ° Upon dismissal of the patient from the center, the arts unions transfer to the center to the patient's doctor.art. 35. For the assignments as provided for in Article 34, the following allowances apply: 1 ° for doors that a doctor can be called on between 5 pm and 8 a.m. the next day the next day is 6.51 euros per hour (availability of fees) . For each of those periods, maximum doctor can receive this fee. These hours are not registered in Medega. This allowance also cover the time for telephone consultations. This allowance is paid by the RIZIV to the Switch Care Center on the basis of a list of hours of availability per doctor; 2 ° for the physical presence in the Switching Center during the day and/or physical presence after calling between 17 hours In the evening and 8 o'clock in the morning the next day the allowance is 80.34 euros per hour; this allowance covers all benefits that are carried out during the presence in the Switch Care Center. This allowance is paid by the RIZIV to the Switching Center Basic of a list of the Number of hours performed per doctor in the center.3 ° times -hot stay of the patient in the Switch Care Center, the fees as referred to in Chapter2 of the Royal Decree of 14 September 1984 can determine the nomenclature of the medical provisions regarding mandatory insurance and benefits ni It is calculated.4 ° on the allowance referred to in 1 °, 2 ° and 3 ° no brake fee is due for the patient and he cannot be charged either supplements .Art. 36. The allowance for nurses and care experts as referred to in Article 37 depends on the following assignments and conditions: 1 ° follow -up of the parameters as referred to in Article 33, 24 hours a.m. patients, 24 hours a day and 7 days on 7; 3 ° The team of nurses and care experts is compiled on the basis of the availability that qualifications in the region; 4 ° the maximum number of financing full -time equivalents (VTE) is 6 per 30 patients including 4 FTE nurses and 2 VTE health careists; 5 ° per additional disk of 15 patients can add a maximum of 3 VTEs, including 2 nurses and 1 healthcare, to the team; 6 ° within this team a responsible person is designated.art.37. For the assignments as provided for in Article 36, the following allowances apply: 1 °. The hourly allowance per actually performed hour of a nurse is 47.25 euros; 2 ° the allowance per actual work of a healthcare professional is 34.96 euros; 3 ° This allowance is paid by the RIZIV to the Switch Care Center on the basis of a list of the number of actually performed hours in the center, with a maximum of 228 hours per week (6 x 38 hours) per 30 patients. For each disk of 15 additional patients, a maximum of 114 hours can be added to this; 4 ° during the patient's stay in the switching care center, the benefits referred to in Article 8 of the Royal Decree of 14 September 1984 may not be charged; 5 ° on the benefits As referred to in 1 ° and 2 °, no brake fee is due for the patient and could not be charged either supplements.art. 38. With regard to the other care for the Patient Die, the following conditions apply to the application of this chapter: 1 ° With regard to degrees: these are electronically prescribed by the doctor at the center during the patient's stay in the center. For delivery and tariffing, the regular rules apply to the delivery to an outpatient patient by either the Hospital Pharmacy ofweldoor de Public Officina.2 ° What the care provided by a physiotherapist in a switching care center trait: this is reimbursed on the basis of maximum 1 individual Physiotherapy fitting per rightholder per day. This is charged to the patient's insurance institution via the pseudocode 518055, with a personal involvement of the physiotherapist per beneficiary with a global average duration of 30 minutes. The fee for that provision is 22.26 euros. There is no personal share nor supplement due by the beneficiaries for this provision. For the physiotherapeutic care provided during the residence of the entitled party in the Switch Center Mogen no benefits from Article 7 of the Annex to the Royal Decree of 14 September 1984 is charged.3 ° in deviation from Article 35, 3 °With regard to the benefits of mental health care, the patient appeals to all possible existing structures, including the exceptional nomenclature in the context of COVID-19 for psychiatrists and the first-line psychologists within the agreement with the RIZIV insurance committee for primary care psychological care.4 ° All other medical care can be reimbursed within the conditions stipulated in or in implementation of the law, unless with regard to the benefits as referred to in articles 34 and 36.Art.39. The allowances as referred to in Articles 35 and 37 are not due if it concerns doctors, nurses and/or care experts who are employed as a volunteer or who who are exemptions at an administration or an insurance institution. The allowances as referred to in Articles 35 and 37 do not apply For the hours that the doctors, nurses and/or health care professionals have been reimbursed by another allowance within the compulsory insurance. In addition, people were financed for the hours worked in the switching care centers by the budget of financial resources, by the flat-rate district health center or by a fixed rehabilitation institution. Insigned performance referred to in this chapter is granted to a righteous who is registered in one medical house, these services are charged to and charged by the compulsory insurance contracting Article 40 or by the insurance institution of the beneficiary in accordance with Article38, first paragraph, 2 °, and they are not transferred to the medical house for the industry. 35 and 37 do not apply if the cost is charged by another employer/institution/service/government.art. 40. The allowances as intended in Articles 35 and 37 can be invoiced by the controller of the Schakelzorgcentrum. The Department for Medical Care of the RIZIV in accordance with the invoicing instructions determines the leading official of that service. The RIZIV is communicated.art. 41. The Schakelzorgcentrum records data in a central database that is organized at the FPS Public Health. This includes the identification of the patients, the referring institution, the recording dates The dismissal date and the destination after dismissal from the center. The personal data from the database and the recording date and the dismissal date are communicated weekly via the RIZIV to the National Intermutualist College that takes care of it The communication to every insurance institution involved.art.42. The health care practitioners employed in the Switch Care Center fall under the responsibility of the Switch Care Center. The Schakelzorgcentrum guarantees itself from the status regarding the necessary insurance policies regarding professional liability and occupational accident insurance.art.43. Only the switching care centers whose name and address, the date of opening/closure, the responsible person is published the RIZIV number on the RIZIV website, which have been informed of this publication that comply with the provisions of this chapter, are eligible for The allowances meant in this chapter. Chapter 2. - Triage and purchase center. 44. For the application of this decision, "triage and purchase center" is understood to mean: the center of primary care, specifically set up by general practitioners, hospitals and governments to physically examine patients referred by a doctor and who may be infected with COVID-19 and to take samples for testing with the eye on tracing Covid-19.Art. 45. § 1. The Institute has an identification number to each triage and purchase center that provides the following information via the address covid19@riziv-inami.fgov.be: 1 ° contact details; 2 ° start date of the activity; 3 ° one medical controller (name, e-mail, telephone); 4 ° one administrative contact person (name, e-mail, telephone); 5 ° the selection form, published on the website of the InstituteWith which the account numbers are indicated on which the allowances are deposited. § 2. The list of triage and collection centers is published on the website of the Institute. § 3. The date of closure is immediately communicated to the Institute.art. 46. ​​§ 1. EELL Triage and decrease center that meets the definition of Article 44 can claim the following formators: 1 ° a one-off fixed allowance for the start-up of the triage and decrease center; 2 ° an allowance per physical examination of the patient who offers himself the center; 3 ° a flat-rate allowance for the coordination of the work in the triage and decrease center by a doctor, in function of the number of hours performed per day; 4 ° a fixed allowance for the nursing support in the triage and a decrease center, depending on the number of hours performed per day; 5 ° a fixed allowance for the administrative support in the triage and decrease center, in function of the number of performance doors per day. § 2. The allowances referred to in paragraph 1, 2 °, 3 °, 4 ° and 5 ° are owed at the earliest from March 23, 2020 or from the start date of the triage and purchase center, if it later falls. 47. § 1. The allowance referred to in Article 46, §1, 1 °, covers the activity of the doctors who have worked on the start of the triage and decrease center in the period prior to the opening and amounts to a maximum of 7,230.60 euros. The King determines modalities to calculate the amount per center and takes into account the number of residents of the number of participants in the region that is covered by the triage and purchase center.§ 2. The amount referred to in § 1 by the Institute On the specified account number of the triage and purchase center by means of the form referred to in Article 45, § 1, 6 ° .Art. 48. § 1. The allowance referred to in Article 46, § 1, 2 °, covers the following provisions: 101850 Research of the patient in a triage and purchase center with the eye triage covid-19,101813 examination of the patient in a triage And a collection center with a teog on Triage Covid-19 during weekends and public holidays. § 2. The provisions referred to in § 1 are indicated by a rank number before the description of the provision. Hethonorarium for the provision 101850 is 26.78 euros. The fee for the provision101813 is 39.98 euros. § 3. There is no personal share for the patient for benefits 101850 and 101813. There may not be charged fee supplements.art.49. § 1. The provisions 101850 and 101813 referred to in Article 48 can be charged Doelke Arts who works in a triage and purchase center via the collection statement referred to in Article 50. Other fulfillment options are not accepted. § 2. The benefits 101850 and 101813 intended in Article 48, carried out in a triage and purchase center for patients registered in a medical house, are charged to the insurance institution of each patient in accordance with the procedural edge in Article 50 and are not charged by the medical house of these patients.§ 3. The benefits 101850 and 101813 referred to in Article 48 may not be merged Methet Honorarium for consultation, a visit or advice referred to in Article 2 of the Annex Bij het Royal Decree of 14 September 1984 establishing The nomenclature of the medical provisions regarding mandatory insurance for medical care and benefits.§ 4. The benefits 101850 and 101813 referred to in Article 48 can only be charged once the patient per day.art. 50. § 1. The triage and decrease center prepares a weekly statement by the provisions referred to in Article 48 from Monday to Sunday. The model of the collection statement is worked out by the Institute and published on its website.§ 2. The compilation statements contain the the following data: 1 ° identification number of the triple and decrease center; 2 ° the date of each examination; 3 ° the identification Vanelke doctor (name, first name, RIZIV number); 4 ° the identification of each patient (insofa number or in the event of a lack thereof The name, first name and date of birth). The collection states are completed by the medical responsible or the administrative contact person of the triage and purchase centers by one of them in electronic format (ExcelCSV or Access) transferred to the address covid19@riziv-inami.fgov.be.§ 3. The Institute bundles the collection states and delivers it via a secure electronic application to the National Intermutualist College (NIC) that it further distributes over the various insurance institutions Intakes Of the membership of the patient. The insurance institutions pay the doctors on the account number already known or on the account number that the triage and decrease center has communicated the selection form stated in Article 45, § 1, 6 °. Art. 51. § 1. The allowance intended in Article 46, § 1, 3 °, coordinates the medical coordinator, during doors that the triage and purchase center is opened. She is 80.34 euros per hour with a maximum of 12 hours per day, regardless of the number of coordinators. During the hours in which the doctor Coordinator ISMAG does not charge physical examinations. § 2. The allowance referred to in Article46, § 1, 4 °, covers the nursing support in the triage and decrease center, during doors that the center is open. It amounts to 47.25 euros per hour with a maximum of 12 hours of per day, Regardless of the number of nurses. § 3. The allowance referred to in Article46, § 1, 5 °, covers the administrative support in the triage and purchase center, during doors that the center is open. It amounts to 34.96 euros per hour with a maximum of 12 hours of per day, Regardless of the number of administrative assistants. § 4. The triage and purchase center can only claim the allowances referred to in §§ 2 and 3 insofar as the cost of the performed the hours is not yet covered by an allowance for medical care insurance. § 5. The King can provide a financial intervention for the acts determined by Hemte set in a triage and purchase center and determine the further rules for the dief-finance intervention. In that case, the king also determines the further rules according to which dief -financing intervention can be cumulated with other allowances from the compulsory insurance policies in particular the allowances in the context of this chapter. Art. 52. §1. The Triage and Drainage Center prepares a weekly statement with the activities of Monday tot and on Sunday, referred to in Article 51. The model of the collection statement is worked out by the institute and published on its website. § 2. The collective states contain the following data: 1 ° identification number of the triage and decrease center; 2 ° the date; 3 ° the identification of the coordinating doctor (name, first name and RIZIV number); 4 ° the number of hour of coordination, nurse and Administrative support. The collection statements by the medical controller or the administrative contact person of the triage and purchasing tentrums transferred by one of them in electronic format (Excel, CSV or Acces) at the address covid19@riziv-inami.fgov.be.§ 3 . The Institute pays the allowance on the account number that the triage and purchase center has specified via the selection form stated in Article 45, § 1, 6 °. Chapter 3.- Weekwachtart. 53. The general practitioner watches who are financed on the basis of Article 22, 6 °, for ensuring medical permanence during the weekends, can expand their operation for the evenings and the nights of the week for a period of months, for the period That always in -between at 6 pm and ends at 8 am the next day.art. 54. The general practitioner's watchpost who wishes to apply for Article 53 submits an application for this to the leading official of the RIZIV service service, with the following minimal data:- the start date of the Weekwacht;- the mutual agreement between the guard post and the general practitioner circle or general practitioner's circles to organize the week watch in the guard post;- the opening hours- the guard organization: number of sitting and moving guardians;- the number of hours per week on which reception personnel is used-- number of hours per week on which an external transport company is engaged, the number Hours per week on additional administration and coordination- the commitment to accurately register the Weekwacht activity, both in terms of visits and the consultations, preferably split into two periods: from 6 to 11 pm and 11 to 8 am- the commitment to with to work on a coordinated evaluation of the operation and use of financial resources.art.55. § 1. The Department for Medical Care of the RIZIV checks whether the application referred to in Article 54 contains all minimum data. § 2. If the conditions intended in Article 54, the RIZIV pays an amount of 50,000 euros for the operation of the guard item during the periods referred to in Article 53 for a duration of three months, from the start date of the WeekwachtOn the bank account number that is used for financing the medical permanent times the weekends. § 3. The amount of 50,000 euros covers the totality of the performance costs of the waiting items during the week, in particular the infrastructure costs, the personnel costs in the broad significance, management costs and all IT and communication costs. The amount of 50,000 euros does not cover the consultations and the visits of the doctors in the context of the operation of the GPAWWEGTASTENTENTEMENTS. § 4. According to the modalities determined by the RIZIV medical provision service, the GP guard post will transfer a detailed financial report in the course of the first month after the three -month course. Only the expenses that are specifically stated by supporting documents are eligible for reimbursement within the amount of 50,000 euros. Within the month after the Medical Care Service has established the total amount of the acceptance costs, the GP watch post will return the balance to the Riziv.art.56. The Medical Care Service draws up an integrated report of the application of the articles 53 to 55 and submits the report to the National Committee Doctors -Ziekenfonds, the Budget Control Committee and the Insurance Committee.Titel 5. - Nursing Chapter1. - Follow-up and supervision in Patient with a COVID-19 Related problems. 57. § 1. The specific nursing benefits with regard to follow-up and the Supervision of patients with a COVID-19 Related problems are the following: 419333 Supplementary Supervision at home in patients with a COVID-19 Related problems, diagnosed by a doctor (W 2,946); 419355 Follow-up and supervision during the weekend or at home at home with a COVID-19 Related problems, diagnosed by a doctor (W 4.504); 419370 follow-up and supervision in a recovery resort in patients with a COVID-19 related problems, diagnosed under a doctor (W 2,946); 419392 Follow-up and supervision in a common residential or residence of disabled people in patients with a COVID-19 related problems, diagnosed by a doctor (W 2,946). The nurse is covering the nurse and the (in the special protection) material required To exercise this care in a medically responsible manner.§ 2. onto Follow -up and supervision is understood: 1 ° targeted observation of parameters (temperature, muscle pain, respiratory, RR, ...); 2 ° guiding the patient in preventation measures: use of protection materials, quarantine measures, ...; 3 ° guidance at oxygen administration (where appropriate) .Art. 58. § 1. The patient referred to in Article57, § 1 concerns: 1 ° A patient who has been (presumably) infected or has been infected with Methet Covid-19 virus and in one of the aforementioned places becomes ill; 2 ° a patient who ( presumably) is contaminated or has been infected with the COVID-19 virus and which is recovered to one of the aforementioned places from a triage and purchasing center or switching center; 3 ° a patient who is (presumably) infected or has been infected with the COVID- 19-virus and after dismissal from the hospital that one of the above places returns; 4 ° a patient with whom the usual care network dropped out by the COVID19 measures and where the nurse is asked to regularly check important parameters and to supervise the general health condition. §2. Home is understood to mean the residential or residence of the beneficiary in accordance with Article8, § 1, 1 ° of the nomenclature. By home or holiday is understood by the entitled or residence of the beneficiary during the weekend or on a public holiday in accordance with article 8, § 1 , 2 ° of the nomenclature. By repairing is understood by a recovery-consecutive Article 8, § 1, 3 ° of the nomenclature. By common residential or residence of the disabled is understood a temporary or definitive common residential or residence of the disabled in accordance with Article 8, § 1, 3 ° bis of the nomenclature.art.59. § 1. The application rules regarding the benefits referred to in Article 57, § 1, are the following: 1 ° must be prescribed by a doctor: In urgent cases, this may be formulated orally formulated medical prescription provided that the doctor is written confirmation of the doctor in 6 months after the 6 months after the Start of the care; 2 ° may only be certified once per care day and include at least one visit to the patient during that day. Hereby a base distribution may be charged once a day; 3 ° may not be cumulated on the same day, careforfait A, B, C, PA, PB, PC or PP may be immediately cumulatedNeither with other technical nursing provisions. They may be cumulated with specific technical nursing provisions; 4 ° may not be cumulated on the same day with nursing benefits that are granted the framework of a switching center; 5 ° may be cumulated with the pseudocode 418913 for benefits are performed at the beneficiary at home or in his place of residence in Well -Bewelandelanden municipalities; 6 ° fall under the provisions of art. 8, § 3 of the nomenclature of the medical benefits; 7 ° are included in the calculation of the daily ceiling that is laid down in art. 8, § 4 6 ° of the aforementioned nomenclature; 8 ° may be poorly granted and charged by a graduated nurse or equivalent, a midwife, or a nurse with a break. § 2. The COVID-19 Related problems must be documented in the patient's nursing file with, among other things, the content of the regulation. The competent control services. The nurse must report to the treating doctor once a week. This is possible in a patient discussion, by telephone or electronically. The precipitation of this reporting must be included in the nursing file.art.60. No personal share is due by the beneficiaries for the benefits referred to in Article 57, § 1.Art. 61. No fee supplements may be charged, if the nursing is not conventional. Caparator 2.-Valorization of nursing care during the COVID-19 Measures: Costs and use of protection material art.62. In the context of the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie, this decision records an additional amount that can be added to certain nursing benefits to guarantee the purchase and use of materials required to ensure adequate protection of patients and care provider.art.art .63. § 1. Het bijkomend bedrag bedoeld in artikel 62 wordt aangerekend via een pseudocode diemaximum eenmaal per verstrekking bijkomend geattesteerd kan worden bij :1°  de verstrekkingen425014, 425036, 425051, 425412, 425434, 425456, 425810, 425832, 425854, 427696, 427711 en 427733;2°forfaitaire honoraria voor zwaar zorgafhankelijke patiënten (A, B en C) 425272, 425294, 425316, 425670,425692, 425714, 426075, 426090, 426112, 429096, 429111 en 429133;3°  forfaitaire honorariavoor palliatieve patiënten (PA, PB, PC and PP) 427011, 427033, 427055, 427173, 427070, 427092, 427114.427136, 427195 and 427151. § 2. The pseudocodes referred to in § 1 are the following 419252b. ) 419274 An additional amount in addition to a fixed amount a/forfait PA (W 0.637) 419296 additional amount in addition a fixed amount B/Fixed PB (W 0.776) 419311 additional amount in addition to a Free -Gedoitpc (W. referred to in § 1 are these for the week, the week and a public holiday and apply to the following places of provision: 1 ° in the residential or residence of the beneficiary in accordance with Article 8, § 1, 1 ° of the DeVoven-Avomated Nomenclature; 2 ° in the residential or the place of residence of the beneficiary during the week end or on a public holiday in accordance with art. 8, § 1, 2 ° of the aforementioned nomenclature; 3 ° in a recovery resort in accordance with Article 8, § 1, 3 ° of the aforementioned nomenclature; 4 ° in a temporary or definitive common residential or residence of the disabled in accordance with 8, § 1 , 3 ° bis of the aforementioned nomenclature. § 4. De pseudocode419252 kan enkel bijkomend geattesteerd worden bij de verstrekkingen 425014, 425036, 425051, 425412,425434, 425456, 425810, 425832, 425854, 427696, 427711, 427733, 427173 en 427195;De pseudocode419274 kan enkel bijkomend geattesteerd worden bij de verstrekkingen 425272, 425670, 426075, 429096,427055 en 427136;De pseudocode 419296 kan enkel bijkomend geattesteerd worden bij de verstrekkingen425294, 425692, 426090, 429111, 427033 en 427114;De pseudocode 419311 kan enkel bijkomend geattesteerdworden bij de verstrekkingen 425316, 425714, 426112 , 429133, 427011 and 427092. § 5. The pseudocodes referred to in § 1 are not included in the calculation of the daily ceiling that is laid down in art. 8, § 46 ° of the aforementioned nomenclature.art. 64. No personal share is due by the beneficiaries for the additional fees referred to in Article62.titel 6. - Labo Testenart. 65. In the context of the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemielegt, this decision: 1 ° the repayment of testing clinical biology with a view to detecting the SARS-COV-2 virus and with a view to detecting antigens of and anti -iDs the aforementioned virus; 2 ° the amounts of the personal share of the beneficiaries; 3 ° a prohibition on fee supplements on; 4 ° a prohibition on the application of tests to the application conditions to patients; 5 ° a temporary prohibition for the calculation of serological tests.art. 66. § 1. The tests of clinical biology die reimbursement are eligible with a rank number before the description of the provision. The description of each provision is followed by the key -letter B. That key letter comes before the coefficient number that the relative value of each provision. To determine the tariff, the b-value of Article 24bis of the Annex to the Royal Decree of 14 September1984 is determined to determine the nomenclature of medical benefits regarding compulsory insurance for medical care and benefits: 0.033434 Euro. The keyterter is a sign of which the value in Euro is determined by agreement. § 2. Tests of clinical biology1 ° molecular test554934-554945-detect at least the SARS-COV-2 virus-through means of a technique of molecular amplification. † † † † B14002 ° Antigentest554956-554960- Tracing antigens of the SARS-COV-2 virus. † † † † B500 § 3. Regulations: Development 554934-554945 and 554956-554960 can only be charged in the context of the COVID-19 Pandemie, for the indications that fall within the test guards at the time of the steel decrease, published the website of Sciensano or Exceptional if there is a clearly demonstrable clinical necessity with risk patients. Risk patients are patients who belong to one of the following groups:- with immune suppression or malignancy-- with an age older than 65 years-- with serious chronic lung, heart or kidney disease,- with a cardiovascular disease, arterial hypertension or diabetes. The benefits 554934 -554945 and 554956-554960 can only be charged to the steel an application form is added, which at least the following information contains with the clinical circumstances in which the test is requested:- identification patient and prescriber;- requested test;- or the test is done within The Testichondlijnendie at the time of steel decrease is published on the website of Sciensano;- or Detest is exceptional for clearly demonstrable clinical necessity in risk patients. DE-Writing Arts notes the clinical conditions in the medical file (symptoms, severity and starting of the relevant antecedents , already conducted investigations, contact m et contaminated persons). The application form must be stored under electronic form by the executive laboratory. The provisions 554934-554945 and 554956-554960 can only be charged if they are carried out in a laboratory that occurs at the time of steel quality decrease on the list of sciensano on the basis Safety standards and necessary epidemiological information flow from the executive laboratories. The benefits 554934-554945 and 554956-554960 are considered benefits for which the beaking of specialist for clinical biology is required. For the Period34-55 and Met with 22, and Met with 225 and Met with 225 and Met Met with 225 and Met with 225 and Met Met 22 may be able to do and 225 and Met Met 22 554956-554960 Each maximum 2DE 2DE PER RECEIGH IMAGE are charged. The fee for benefits 554934-554945 and 554956-554960 includes all costs associated with the test: the purchase material, Reagtentia, Investment, Investment, Investment, Investment, Investment, Investment, Investment, Investment, Investment, Investment, Investment, Investment, Investment, Investment, Investment, Investment, Investment, Protection material, transport costs, ... The results of the tests referred to in § 2 must be communicated to the Pidal Pidemiology of Sciensano. The provision 554934-554945 can not be charged after a positive result on an antigenent test via provision 554956-554960. The supplement 554956-554960 can only be charged if the type of test material was approved by the Fagg of Sciensano. If the antigent test, referred to in § 2, 2 °, produces a negative or doubtful result, a molecular test, referred to in § 2, 1 ° Performed. DEFERE STRY 554934-554945 and 554956-554960 can not be charged for the collective screening of asymptomatic residents of a residential collectivity (eg. Residential care center, residential center for people with disabilities, reception centersprison, ...) organized by and with the cooperation of the federal government and federated entities. § 4. Subscribe to the Laboratory that receives the samples it forwards to another analysis laboratory, will report the executive laboratory, charge to the mandatory insurance for medical delivery and also keep the application forms. The practical modalities between the two laboratories are regularly arranged via a Service Level Agreement between the two.Art. 67. No personal share is due by the beneficiaries for the benefits referred to in Article 66.Art.68. No supplements may be charged to the patient.art. 69. If the conditions stated in Article 66, § 3 are not filled, the tests referred to in Article 66, § 2 cannot be charged to the mandatory insurance for medical care, nor the patient. Art. 70. Serological tests For the term of the application of the Royal Decree of 17 March 2020 establishing a prohibition on the posting, commissioning and the use of fast tests for measuring or tracing antibodies with regard to the SARS-COV-2 virus , the investigation of antibodies against this aforementioned virus cannot be charged via the provisions 552016-552020 or 551655-551666 from Article 24 of the Annex to the Konzinklal Decree of 14 September 1984 establishing the nomenclature of the medical care for medical care and benefits. Serological tests carried out for the investigation of antibodies against the SARS-COV-2 virus (IGM, IGG or IGA) cannot be charged to the mandatory insurance for medical care, nor the patients. From the date determined by the King the aforementioned serological test under the condition n that he determines, only to the insurance are charged for the investigation testing on a list set up by Sciensano and for the target groups that he determines. Dexation basis of these tests corresponds to the value of 9.60 euros. The king can - for the categories of care providers he indicates and under the conditions that he sets - a temporary financial intervention provides the costs of special protection measures materials, in the context of the COVID -19 Pandemie. No amount can be charged to the entitled party by the care providers with regard to the costs of special protection measures materials, regardless of the Convention Statute.titel 8. - Final determining art. 72. DEMAGES ACCOUNTS ALSO SCHEMEN AT THIS REGION ALSO ALSO SUPPLY ALSO ALL ALSO ALL AT A DEPENTIVE AT THE KONING. The king can determine a different date for each measure.Art. 73. The Royal Decree of 27 March 2020 to stop the calendars that determine the periods for the implementation of the procedures to change the list of the reimbursable pharmaceutical specialties and of the list of the reimbursable implants and invasive medical devices as a result of the pandemic covid-19 is being lifted.art. 74. This decision has effect from 1 March 2020. The articles 4 to 29 of this Decree have elaboration with effect from March 14, 2020.ikel51, § 5, comes into effect on a date to be determined by the king. The articles 65 Toten with 70 have elaboration with effect from 1 March 2020, with the exception of Article 66, § 2.2 ° that has elaboration with effect from 1 April 2020. Article 71 of this Decree has elaboration with effect from 4 May 2020.Art. 75. The minister competent for social affairs is responsible for the implementation of this decision. Given in Brussels, 13 May 2020.Filip of King's wise: the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health, m. De BlockPublication: 2020-05-19Numac: 2020041295federal Public Service Social Security 19 May 2020.-Royal Decree No. 20 containing temporary measures in the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie and to ensure the continuity of care in the compulsory medical care report to the Koningsire, I have the honor of this a draft of Royal Decree No. 20 containing temporary measures in the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemaemen to ensure the continuity of care in the compulsory insurance for medical care. The legislator to the king special powers granted to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19. It breaks measures to capture the direct and indirect consequences of the COVID-19 Pandemie for the compulsory insurance. -19 (ii) aims to make a decision to make access to the necessary worries to guarantee the end of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemie or Pandemie and to compensate for its consequences, in particular this affiliated with the guarantee of the Public health in view of the restriction measures. Things intend to make it possible for the necessary surveys to be provided to the patient in the light of the current context. These measures require an urgent legal formalization that the continuity of care and legal certainty for the various partners of mandatory insurance for medical care are guaranteed. The whole of the measures aims to protect the patients' the elections and cannot affect their rights. Item6, second paragraph, of the law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the king to take measures in the fight against distribution With the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II) provides for the possibility of not getting reclaimed or regulatory advice or in time in a shorter term. In the context of the preparation of current design, the difficulty for these organs was determined to meet in the current context. For some procedures, the decision -making bodies have been consulted or there has been consultation without physical contact. In the regulatory provisions that regulate the functioning of those bodies and the household regulations, that possibility is not always foreseen or only for less important issues. In addition, Formal Consultation has not always been possible for practical or regulatory reasons. In order to block decision -making, deviations from the formal consultation procedures have taken place without, however, eliminating the consultation with the stakeholders. Instead or additional informal consultation took place with the stakeholders, in particular the health insurance funds and the representatives of the care providers for these matters. Title 1. - General provisions article 1 of the draft suspended deadlines provided for or pursuant to the law concerning the law Mandatory insurance for medical delivery and benefits, coordinated on July 14, 1994, with the exception of the departments, chapters represented in the article (periods regarding benefit and parent insurance). This concerns, for example, periods that are provided for procedures to change lists of reimbursable benefits, deadlines that authorities such as committees and councils must comply with the lap of the RIZIV in individual decisions but also periods that the rights of the rights must comply with in the context of applications for reimbursement of medical benefits, applications for registration with a health insurance fund or requesting to enjoy certain articles of association, such as the law on the increased insurance policy. Special proposed, in these exceptional circumstances, to suspend the calendar of the different procedures for a still to be determined period. In concrete terms, this means that de procedure steps can be set as far as possibleBut that the exceedance of a term no impact can be for the parties involved. The binding periods only start to walk again on the moment that the suspension is canceled. At the Royal Decree of 27 March 2020, the stopping of the calendars that determine the deadlines for the implementation of the procedures to change the list of reimbursable pharmaceutical specialties And from the list of the reimbursable implants and invasive medical devices. From the legal basis of these procedures (Article 35bis, §§ 3, 6 and 8 and Article 35septies/2, §§ 5, 6/1, 7 and 8 of the coordinated law of 14 July 1994), one can decide that a suspension of the periods only possible to request additional information. For that reason, it is advisable to confirm that measure through this decision. Moreover, it is necessary to suspend other procedures that are not intended by the aforementioned Royal Decree of 27 March 2020, such as that changing the list of compensation bareradiofarmaceutical products. The short -term within which the Royal Decree of 27 -March 2020 is to be drawn up, In addition, has led to a mistake in the French translations an inaccuracy in the terms used. The terms of the CGV 2020/073 memorandum shows that the intention was to provide a suspension of the deadlines and no interruption: "Ineindede accessibility for the to protect patients, and to protect the companies at the same time against unintended decisions, it is proposed, in these exceptional circumstances, with effect from 13 March 2020 midnight for an absolute clock stop to be determined for all procedures. method reduces the delay in decision -making to the minimum, After all, without the process itself or the responsibilities or powers within those processes. The recovery from unintended or undesirable changes to the lists of reimbursable specialties or of implants and invasive medical devices, requires a new procedure that would in any case take more time. " In court:- the suspension (Suspension in FR) stops the course of a period without eradicating the already expired period;- The interruption (Interruption in FR) makes a new period run from the date of the deed of Stuzing.incasu and Despite the editors of the text, a suspension was indeed intended. This can be derived from the fact that a period (with suspension) is provided by the text. The deadlines will therefore resume the time at the time they became suspended (namely on 13/3/2020 at midnight). A regularization and expansion of the text of the Konzinklijk decision of 27 March 2020 To eliminate any uncertainty regarding the legal basis and the usage terminology is appropriate. Reasons of good management will be possible to set the procedural step-off during the crisis and this:- to avoid new-ethic payments for which there would be an agreement are blocked until the end of the situation-to limit the effect of the congestion and the amount of files for which a backlog will be retrieved at the end of the crisis. However, the deadlines are suspended for all interruptions and there is also necessary to be taken into account the impact of the crisis for the companies that require the reimbursement. This implies concrete that the procedure actions can be stated, but that the exceeding of a period will not have an impact before the intervening parties. reimbursement conditions are laid down in the Nomenc lature of medical benefits, in other regulations or in agreements. For certain medical benefits, for example, it is foreseen that they must be granted within a stipulated period or that the care provider must submit the application for the compulsory insurance within a certain period of time or to transfer certain data. of the advisory doctors who only have a limited period of validity. As a result of the COVID-19 Pandemie, it may, however, be impossible to respect periods and conditions. After all, non-urgent treatments must be deferred caregivers have their hands full of providing urgent concerns, so that administration obligations cannot be made in time. To avoid that patients do not get any or a lower reimbursement, it may be necessary to suspend or extend certain periods provided for in regulations or in agreements. This will be possiblethe adjustments to the deadlines will be written in a specific provision, but it seems appropriate to supplement it with a general provision to keep the interests of all partners as well as possible since the completeness of the analyzes cannot be guaranteed under the current conditions. article 2 The aim is to ensure decontinuity of the operation of the authorities set by or pursuant to the law. This measures are explained by the difficulty for this authorities in the current context. with which the temporary measures are adopted as well as the processes of which these temporary measures will be terminated with. These exceptions can also have a relation to the process for taking non-temporary measures. It is therefore conceivable that a definitive registration from a provision to reimbursement (action of a care provider, pharmaceutical specialty, medical device) is useful during the application period of the current measures, but is blocked by the inability to keep formal meetings of the organs. It seems inappropriate to reduce any structural improvement in the indictment of care. A period of which the duration is not yet known. In the first paragraph, the possibility to make use of written procedures is generalized. For some procedures, the procedures are possible that the decision -making organs become in writing Consulted or consult POSTERY CONTACT. However, in the regulatory provisions that regulate the functioning of those bodies and the internal rules, this possibility is not always foreseen or only for less important matters. Article 2 provides for the possibility of working for each body in this way, regardless of the legal or regulatory provisions that normally apply. It is, however, possible that certain procedures cannot proceed if they are conducted in writing or without physical contact, in which it will have to be waited until the end of the suspension periods referred to in Article 1 are not possible and the circumstances are a circumstances and the circumstances a do not justify the rules referred to in the second member. The second paragraph provides for the possibility of shortening the advisory period and to deviate from formal consultations. In the first place, if the circumstances require this, the periods for formal consultations are provided shorten so fast g can be held with needs that arise. In addition, there may also be a preliminary cord in which a remote meeting is also not possible because the members are sick or not being available because of their activities as a care provider, which can, among other things, lead to the requirement quorums cannot are being reached. In order not to block decision -making in such cases, a deviation is also provided with the obligation to consult certain authorities. Deviating from formal consultation procedures does not have the objective of eliminating the consultation with the stakeholders, but to guarantee that the decisions must be can be taken. At least informal consultations with the stakeholders, in the particular health insurance funds and the representatives of the care providers of the matters involved, there will be at least informal consultation. Progress in the care made available of the Rightholder is not blocked during the period in which the possibility of formally collecting the organs is limited. Informal, are being maintained, but it seems appropriate to provide the possibility to compensate for the inability to formallyin order to be a paralyzing for the beneficiaries for the beneficiaries. It is of course true that an evaluation of the proportionalities must be carried out for the execution of these deviations that will only be done "if necessary". Payability of the new Oxy concentrators of the SOS Oxygène company is planned to increase the supply of reimbursable oxy concentrators on the market. In the field there is a high demand for oxy concentrators (and oxygen in all its forms) and the absorption in the reimbursibility of these new devices makes it possible to meet partially to a number of important and urgent needs caused by the COVID-19 infections. Title 3. - Continuty measures made in Articles4 up to and including 18 have been drawn up in consultation with the partners at their question whether after the representatives of the care providers or the insurance institutions have contacted the RIZIV about the problems to provide continuity of necessary care in the framework of the measures to curtail the spread of the virus. Virtual meetings have taken place with the professional organizations concerned (doctors, dentists, physiotherapists, speech therapists, midwives, hospital federations) and insurance institutions. For the measures with regard to the shortened irradiation with breast cancer patients and the special supervision of patients with COVID-19, a preparation transmission has also taken place with a delegation of the technical medical council. These meetings were done on the one hand with each party involved separately or in joint meetings. The result was delivered to the participants. The measures in Articles 22 to 28 are proposals from the Municipal Executive of Doctors Directors that under Article 23 § 2, second member of the coordinated law of 14 July 1994 is authorized to advise on the rehabilitation provisions referred to in that paragraph and that under Article 23 § 3 of the same is authorized to design, designs of rehabilitation agreements and designs of agreements with the coordinating disciplinary care centers to make and submit to the insurance committee. The proposals are often established at the request of the care providers involved, rehabilitation establishments that provide coordinated multidisciplinary care programs or have been created after these care providers and establishments are certain problems with which they are struggling with the R IZIV has signaled.articress4 records the general provisions of the specific benefits in the context of the COVID-19 crisis. Article5 allows the use of shortened radiation schedules (hypofractioning) for patients with breast cancer for which a shortened radiation schedule of 5 groups (hypofractionioning) one Safe and full alternative requirement based on the current available scientific evidence and when the usual radiation schedule is designated or not possible. The irradiation of patients via short-range schedules (pituitary ractioning) is part of the COVID-19 Emergency planning of Differentiekenhuizen.de Used devices and the available staff can in this way be used so optimally, which makes a split possible between devices and care teams for patients with COVID-19 and the COVID19-free patients. In addition, patients will move less frequently to the hospital, which contributes to the avoidance of the spread of the virus.decovid-19 crisis has thoroughly changed the way of working in hospitals, both in terms of infrastructure and logistics organization and in terms of commitment From staff, nurses and doctors specialists. In addition, the care of patients infected with the virus requires extraordinary effort. In order to meet the designated working conditions and to compensate the efforts correctly, provides for-the new specific provisions for care in intensive care and in the specific covid-19 departments. Articles 6, § 1, ensures the provision with a specific code that the COVID-19 patients are identified in order to allow the new benefits in intake care and the specific COVID-19 departments to be able to repay. A COVID-19 patient is defined in accordance with the case definition of Sciensano. The code 793800 is only intended to identify COVID-19 patients. This code allows other benefits to be added to these patients for which care for extraordinary effort, both physically and psychologically requires. The intensive care departments are more than ever the "" hotspots "within the hospitals and most have had to increase their capacityAmong other things by fitting other departments (recovery departments and 'normal' departments) in whole or in part, so that they can also serve as departments for intensive care. Naturally, this brought a different allocation of people and resources with it and a major extension of capacity.covid-19-patients on intensive care require much longer ventilation than usual. It is often about at least 2 weeks. To connect to this reality, two specific benefits are for this purpose VIAARTIKEL 6, § 2. Specific COVID-19 departments were established that physically divorced from other departments. The patients who stay there require a more intensive and specific approach, in the context of both COVID-19 pathology and the safety and hygiene regulations, which is required for those patients. The patients stay there on average much longer than usual. The care is also much more stressful. That is why Article 6, § 3, provides for new benefits in relevant the installation and supervision for controlled or assisted artificial ventilation, continuous supervision of the vital and non-vital functions, continuous supervision of the heart function and measurements of the heartbeat and Article 6 , § 4, in an additional fee for the supervision of a hospitalized COVD-19 patient. Article 6, § 5, foresees that this benefit kit can be charged in general hospitals. Article 7 includes the principles that must be nagged to provide remote care. Articles 8 to 13 Provided in the creation of Specific vest racks remotely as well as application rules belonging to the doctors, dentists and physiotherapists. Article 8 provides specific provisions that allow doctors to perform single -fonic triage (§ 1) of patients with symptoms of a possible infection with COVID -19 and telephone advice (§ 2) give me to other patients t A view to maintaining continuity of care. The notion telephone call covers synchronous communication tools including video communication. Articles 8, § 3, records the application rules for these provisions. Article 9 provides for specific provisions for psychiatrists and child and youth psychiatrists. Patients with psychiatric or psychotherapeutic follow-up can rarely suspend their treatment struggles without a serious risk to their mental health. The COVID-19 crisis makes the risk of the most vulnerable people even greater. In order to ensure the continuity of this care during this COVID-19 crisis, the rules of the compulsory insurance for medical care adjustments are adjusted so that this care as well as any new diagnoses is carried out remotely by psychiatrists child and adolescent psychiatrists. § 1, provides for single -tax advice with a view to referring the patient to a mobile team or a psychiatric powder service, so that correct urgent care can also be made to this patient group during this crisis period. Distance for the psychiatric diagnosis, de-psychotherapeutic treatment, the media therapy, the consultation between doctor and psychologist or orthopedagoogen The extensive psychiatric evaluation of a young person to be able to ensure the continuity of this care during the COVID-19 crisis. general application rules for these new benefits. In analogy with the Provisions of Article 6 provides Article10 for a specific provision for the neuropediatrist so that they can continue the treatment of children, youth and young adults with neurological developmental disorders or an intellectual disability that can continue with serious behavioral disorders. Patients with neurological developmental disorders or an intellectual disability are particularly sensitive to changes in time and space. Except circumstances can worsen the behavioral disorders and bring the environment (family or institution) to great difficulties. Article 11 allows the multidisciplinary oncological consultation to be organized a video conference . For example, it is temporarily not necessary to bring different care providers physics together in one room. This guarantees the continuity of care to patients with single cancer, thereby promoting compliance with the restraints. For the continuity of care and accurate guidance of the patient to the available dental care during these crisis period, Article 12 carries out specific provisions for telephone advice Enable referral to a dental practice that offers the care into account all instructions for care providers during the COVID-19 Pandemie. Article 12, § 1provides for the introduction of two specific benefits for telephone advice and any referral. Article12, § 2, determines the application rules for these benefits. For the continuity of care and stabilizing or improving the patient's health status, which will be necessary in a limited Number of cases, Article 13 Physiotherapy care for distance Via telephone or video communication makes it possible. Article 13, § 1, provides for the introduction of two specific provisions for remote care carried out by the physiotherapist.artikel13, § 2, determines the application rules for these provisions. 14 provides full intervention of the mandatory insurance for medical care in the fees of remote benefits. Item 15 prohibits the application of supplements for remote supplements. Patients with a speech therapy follow-up can rarely be able to do their treatment aprons for a relatively long time without them the therapeutic benefits of treatment losses; In order to guarantee the continuity of speech therapy during the COVID-19 crisis, with respect for the rules of social distantization, Article 16 adjusts the rules of the mandatory insurance for medical care, so that speech therapy provides remote-physical presence of the speech therapist be charged. For the guarantee of denial pre- and postnatal care for the prospective mother and the child, even during the COVID-19 Crisisen with the necessary precautions, Article 17 adjusts the rules of the mandatory insurance for the forecast care so that the benefits are carried out Remotely refunded by the midwives. Item18 stipulates that the fees and amounts for the intervention of the compulsory insurance for the remote departure are the same as for provisions with physical presence for speech therapists and midwives. Pandemie determines Article 19 That deviations are foreseen the provisions for the specific benefits of the nomenclature of the rehabilitation provisions. Article 20 provides for the possibility of making dietetics enforcements via telephone or video communication because these benefits for patients for whom these benefits can be made (diabetes patients who suffer from nier insuffiency) may be urgently necessary for one-handed treatment of their illness and cannot be postponed until after the COVID-19 crisis period. To be able to safely run these benefits during the COVID-19 crisis period, without danger of contamination, the possibility is provided for this Dietetics promotions via telephone or video communication. Although provisions via video communication probably provide better results, benefits via the telephone are also provided because a significant part of the target group is not available for the possibility of video communication or is insufficiently trusted. Article 21, § 1 and § 2, provides for the possibility of diabeteseducation reliefs via to perform telephone or video communication because these benefits for the intended diabetes patients can be urgent for adequate treatment of their illness and cannot be postponed after the COVID-19 crisis period. In order for these benefits during the COVID-19 crisis period to run safely, without the risk of infection, the possibility is provided to perform this diabetes education provisions of telephone or video communication. Although benefits via video communication presumably produce results, provisions via the telephone are also provided because a substantial part of the target group does not have the possibility of video communication or that is insufficiently trusted. Article 22 requires the possibility of performing certain occupational theraps via video communication because these occupational theraps for The intended patients can be urgently needed to tackle the problems in terms of reintegration with which these patients suffer from. In order to ensure that these benefits during the COVID-19 crisis period run safely, without the risk of infection, the possibility is provided for these occupational therapy provisions via video communication. Because qualitative occupational therapy sessions, the problems of the patient and the purpose of these sessions, are not possible over the telephone, only occupational therapy via video communication is provided for. on the provisions of the agreements referred to in Articles22, 6 ° and 23, § 3, of the coordinated law of 14 July 1994. article 24, §1 to § 3gives the possibility to the centers that accompany patients who are struggling with the consequences of female genital mutilations, to the centers for transgender care and the memory clinics sum certain guidance sessions perform the psychologists of those centers for patients Vandie Centers, during the COVID-19 crisis period via Video communication to perform so that the continuity of care during the COVID-19 crisis period can be guaranteed and the benefits can be made safe, without the risk of infection. Because qualitative guidance sessions by a psychologist are not possible via the telephone because the psychologist cannot take into account the patient's deletary steel, only guidance sessions via video communication are provided. "Clairs Vallons" and "Zeeprontentorium" to offer guidance via telephone or video communication during the COVID-19 crisis period to the patients whose normal rehabilitation program is interrupted, so that the continuity of the COVID-19 crisis period is still possible Be guaranteed and patients in relative and healthy conditions outside the interior, in their home environment or elsewhere, can accommodate the results of the already realized rehabilitation program as much as possible. Although provisions via video communication probably provide better results, benefits are also provided by telephone because a significant part of the target group is not available for the possibility of video communication or is insufficiently trusted. Article 26, § 1 and § 2, provides the possibility of the rehabilitation centers for Locomotor and neurological rehabilitation to perform certain accompaniment sessions that the speech therapists of those centers perform for the patients of those centers during the COVID-19 crisis period via video communication, so that the continuity of the care during the COVID-19 crisis can be guaranteed and the preliminary crisis and the preliminary crisisen and the preliminary crisisen can be guaranteed are performed without danger to infection. Because qualitative guidance sessions by a logopedist are not possible via the telephone because the speech therapist must be able to see how the patient speaks, only guidance sessions are provided via video communication. Article 27, § 1 and§ 2, gives the possibility of the reference centers for Cerebral Palsy to provide the provision "Punctual advice" for the patients of those centers, during the COVID-19 crisis period, via telephone or video communication, so that the continuity of care during the COVID-19 crisis period can be guaranteed the benefits safely, without danger to infection. Although benefits via video communication presumably produces better results, benefits via telephone facilities also become patients from the target group who do not have the possibility of video communication or who are insufficiently trusted. Possibility of the cognitive behavioral therapists who collaborate with the multidisciplinary diagnostic center for patients with chronic fatigue syndrome, to realize the cognition behavior therapy sessions that cognitive behavioral therapists, during the COVID-19 crisitation, so that the continence of the video commentation during the video commercation to be performed by the video commentation to be the video commentation to be the video commentation to be the video commentation to be the video commentation. -19-crisisheri can be guaranteed and the benefits can be made safely, without the risk of infection. Because that qualitative guidance sessions by a psychologist are not possible via the phone because the psychologist cannot take the body language into account of the patient, only guidance sessions Video communication are foreseen. Article 29 provides for the lifting of the Royal Decree of 18 March 2020 establishing various exceptional measures regarding the mandatory insurance for medical care and benefits with a view to the care care of patients in context of the COVID -19 Pandemie with the SARS-COV-2 virus. After all, the provisions provided for in that Royal Decree will be included in this Decree. Title 4. - Structure chapter 1. Shift care center relating to Chapter 1 that relates to the Switch Care Center by the Risk Management Group (RMG) on 20 March 2020 to provide support to setting up temporary reception structures for people affected by the coronavirus and who do not need a hospital care or no longer needBut who cannot return to their normal residence situation that they are still contagious. That is what the Primary & Outpatient Caresurge Capacity committee was given the assignment to further elaborate this. This committee is a working group within Dermg that is coordinated by the Directorate General Healthcare of the Federal Public Service Volks Health and consists of representatives of all governments, Defense, the hospital domains, professional organizations of doctors, cities and municipalities, partners such as the health insurance funds, the Red Cross, Doctor special Boundaries. without actually being hospital care, and therefore to prevent the workload in the hospital from increasing further. Detestructures are not intended to offer long -term care and are set up for a limited period, depending on the duration needed to the current he health crisis to control. All the governments of the regions or communities may decide to open a switching care center, and only advice from the province's governor in which the opening of the Schakelzorg Center is considered. This is the need to activate such structures for this Assessing based on the places that are still available in other switching care centers in the region, but also on the basis of the number of COVID-19 patients that are still in the hospital. It is also the task of this government to be with the owner or operator of the classrooms make agreements about the commissioning of the classrooms, the use of the equipment, the provision of personnel, liability and insurance coverage, the duration of use, the restoration of the equipment after the commissioning, ... It is the same government that the decision will take to close a switching care center when it appears that it is non -langer a need This results from the COVID-19 health crisis. If necessary, this government can still, if patients at the time of the decision to close in the Switch Care Centers, decide to kill these patients to other switching care centers that are active on their territory. These centers are intended for the admission of patients identified patients with coronavirus, who for this reason have been admitted to the hospital, or for those who have been established after a study by a triage and purchase center or a service of emergencies that their condition does not have to be admitted to the hospital. If the hospital or The research in a triage and purchase center or in the emergency service service shows that there are reasons that these patients cannot adhere to deregels of hygiene and insulation on their return to their normal living situation or because they still need specific care that cannot be offered that cannot be offered in The ordinary living situation, these patients can be temporarily engaged and to a switching care center. Recording in a switching care center is possible in one or more of the following situations: 1 ° the home is too small to isolate the patient of the people with whom he lives; 2 ° in the elderly, people with immunity Whether they suffer from chronic airway disorders, dieseling living with the patient and for which no temporary alternative residence can be found to accommodate it; 3 ° The hygienic conditions in the home do not make it possible to respect the recommendations regarding insulation, hygiene and distance correctly; 4; ° the patient is self-reliant and cannot respect the recommended insulating or hygiene regulations, self-meet support for informal care or family members; 5 ° for a patient who is generally autonomous and who needs temporary rehabilitation care because of admission (including after long stay at a intensive care service) that cannot be given in a home situation and in the absence of the necessary equipment or due to the unsuitability of the home. Defense that a patient is answered to one or more of these situations in consultation with the patient and the persons/structures in the first line that can confirm this situation, including below Social Services of the Health Insurance Fund or the OCMW, Family Care Services, Integrated Services Forward Nursingthe "Centers de Coordination de Soins à Domicile". If it concerns a patient who is staying in a collective/residential structure under normal circumstances and where COVID-19Werd detected, the patient must be referred to the collective/residential residence in the event of dismissal from the hospital dismissal If it is impossible to guarantee the conditions of isolation or hygiene or care continuity, as a result of exceptionally difficult circumstances within the residential residence of temporary reception in the switching care center. to include situations: 1 ° for a patient where COVID-19 was detected and who has no chronic disorder, self-reliant is generally independent in his daily life, only daily monitoring of certain parameters is needed to detect any deterioration of his condition : Temperature measurement Tweema Alper Day, detection of signs of fever, observation of respiratory function, assessment of the cardiovascular function, assessment of the general condition of the patient, etc.2 ° for a patient in which covid-19 was detected and who is generally not independent in the Daily life (disoriented, geriatric, with a disability, katz scale home nursing a, b or c, etc.) or that needs chronic care (wound care, insulin, etc.), must offer the switching center framework that set him in statutory to be next the daily monitoring of the parameters to receive the care that his dependency situation is a patient who is generally autonomous, whereby COVID-19 was detected who needs temporary rehabilitation care because of the admission to the hospital (including the residence of residence on a Department of Intensive Care) that cannot be given in a home situation Omwillevan the lack of the necessary equipment o f Due to the unsuitability of the home, a framework must be offered that will enable him to receive in addition to the daily monitoring of the parameters, the care that requires his recovery process. Inside this switching care centers is the cost of the care provided by doctors, nurses and nurses and Care experts in a specific manner and within the Develments of this Decree are charged by the RIZIV.All other medical benefits for these patients are reimbursed in accordance with the existing rules within the Health Insurance Act.artikel31 determines the costs of the object of compensation by the compulsory medical provision insurance . Article 32 describes the target group of patients where a distinction is made between two situations of patients in which COVID-19 was detected and who can not do their habitual residence situation after checking in the dismissal from the hospital or after checking for a triage post or emergency cases service n return. The first situation is about patients who live in normal circumstances at home and where the lack of guarantees regarding insulation, hygiene or distance holds in the home situation justifies the inclusion in a switching care. The second situation of patients staying under normal circumstances in a residential institution where detacking can be impossible under safe circumstances. For the sake of psychosocialies, the stay in a switching care center must be limited to a minimum over time and preferably no longer than 1 week. It is still autonomous people: in that case it is sufficient to be a daily monitoring of a number of parameters. The OM a person who is nevertheless dependent in daily functioning or needs chronic care: in that case, a framework must be offered in addition to monitoring a number of parameters, which his dependency situation is. Long residence intensive treatment) Need temporary rehabilitation care that are not kang in the home situation. In Articles 34 to 37, a specific allowance provides for the presents and nurses and health care experts. What the doctors concern are provided for the assignment, the design, the The following reimbursements foreseen:- for follow-up, forth me Ten care that during the day is carried out by a doctor: reimbursement of 80.34 euros per hour performed. Maximum 8 hours per day per group of 30 patients .- For availability by 1 doctor in the evening and nights: a fee of 6.51 euros per hour.- Cumul with consultations and supervisory shonaria. :-For the follow-upSupervision and care is provided for a compensation per hour performed for a maximum of6 VTE (of which 4 nurses and 2 care experts) per group of 30 patients. This corresponds metmaximum 6 x 38 hours per week: 228 hours.- This allowance amounts to 47.25 euros per hour for nurses and 34.96 euros for health care experts. Article 38 provides a number of precisionsm.b.t. The allowance for other benefits:-medicines: can be delivered both by a hospital pharmacy and by a public officina. The regulation is made electronically. With regard to the physiotherapy reliefs in a switching care center, a specific provision is being introduced that is repaid via the patient's health insurance fund from the mandatory health insurance policy. There is no personal share nor supplement due to the rights for this provision. With regard to the benefits in the context of spiritual health care: all possible existing structures, including exceptional nomenclature of psychiatrists and psychologists in the context of COVID- 19.- The mainly other medical care applies the regular conditions regarding compensation from the mandatory data insurance. Article 39 provides that the specific allowances are not degraded if the benefits have been made by volunteers or if the cost of these care providers has been financed in a different way. That the person in charge of a disabling center to the RIZIV can invoice the costs according to the provisions of this decision. In article 41 is provided for the registration. Since the insurance institutions must check on the charging of benefits (VB No cumul with consultations, no nomenclature home nursing), it is necessary that they have the patient data stating the date of recording of dismissal. This information is collected centrally from the Federal Public Service Public Health is communicated to the National Intermutualist College via the RIZIV. Article 42 determines that the care providers make benefits in the Switch Care Center under the responsibility of the Switch Care Center. The Schakelzorgcentrum guarantees itself from the status regarding the necessary insurance policies regarding professional liability and industrial accident insurance. Article43 provides for this on the basis of the "recognition" that the RIZIV receives because of the sharing entities, on the website list of the centers that, if they are the provisions of this decision respect, the allowances can invoice. These centers will be notified of this; They should not conclude a specific agreement with the RIZIV. Hoofdtuk 2. Triage and decrease in transport articles 44 to 52 regulate the temporary financing of the triage and purchase center. Covid-19 Infection. If the general practitioner believes that a clinical examination is essential to judge the infection, he can, under certain circumstances, conduct the research himself if he has the necessary protection material (gloves, type II surgical masks, ...). If he). He does not have the material, if possible, he refers to a triading items to the hospital. Because of the protection material shortages, GPs are asked to organize triage points. The report of the "Primary and Outpatient Caresurge Capacity" committee of 17 March 2020 shows another objective: avoiding an overload of the emergency services with patients who are not hospitalization at that time need. The triage and softening centers are therefore usually opened in the vicinity of a hospital or an emergency service. Triage and decrease centers are therefore specifically set up centers to investigate patients who may be infected with COVID-19, after they were referred by a doctor. These patients do not have to go to the waiting room of a general practitioner or to go to the emergency department of a hospital, where they can infect others. If necessary, the triage and purchase center then refers them to the hospital for hospitalization. The centers are an initiative of doctors, Hospitals and governments and are part of primary care. During the meeting of 24 April 2020, the "Primary and Outpatient Care Surge Capacity" committee has recommended to grant an additional function to the triage and decrease centers in the context of the `contact tracing calls 'The center is supervised by a medical responsible person. In addition, his medical coordinators who are responsible for the daily organization, the planning, the distribution of Deartsetc ... The physical investigations are carried out by doctors and triage and purchasing centers can rely on nurse and administrative support. The costs associated with setting up and keeping these specific structures are considerable and are taken by the mandatory Insurance for Medical Care. The introduction of a financing for the triage and purchasing centers consulted on 21 March 2020 with the representatives of the doctors in the National Committee on Doctors-Ziekfonds and on 24 March 2020 with the representatives of the insurance institutions in the national Committee for Doctors-Ziekenfonds. Article 44bat The definition of a triage and purchase center. Item 45 Determines the procedure for the granting of an identification number, necessary for invoicing. The centers can make the account number known via a choice form on which the flat -rate reimbursements and the fees can be deposited. This gives the possibility to the triage and decrease centers to redistribute the income. Item 46 lists the reimbursements that can be requested from March 23, 2020: a fixed reimbursement for the start-up, daily coordination, and the nursing and administrative support and one reimbursement per performance for the medical examination. Article47 determines the basic conditions and the maximum amount (7,230.60 euros) for the allocation of the reimbursement for the start -up cost that should be further worked out in a Royal Decree. The patient in the triage and purchase center. This is corresponding to that of a consultation with an accredited general practitioner (26.78 euros). The personal share is fully charged by the mandatory insurance for medical care. If the consultation takes place on Saturday, Sunday or on a public holiday, a surcharge is granted (13.20 euros). The Article 49 determines the compensation conditions. The article 50 records the payment modalities. The benefits are not charged via the traditional road with a test in a witness or E-Fact, but with a system of collective states on which a minimum of data is provided that are then bundled by the institute and paid by the insurance institutions. Limiting actions, formalities and paper contributes to safety and deefficiency. Article 51 records the flat -rate amounts to which the triage items are entitled to coordinator by the medical coordinator (80.34 euros per hour) and the administrative support (34.96 euro per hour). A maximum of 12 hours per day can be charged, regardless of the number of medical coordinators, nurses or administrative assistants present in the triage and purchase center. This item also records the fixed amount for the nursing support (47.25 euros per hour). 12 hours are charged, regardless of the number of nurses present in the triple and purchase center. The king is also authorized to provide a financial intervention for the actions to be determined by him in a triage and purchase center and the further rules for that financial intervention to be Determine. Article 52 sets the payment modalities -sturdy. Head -head 3. Weekwacht the articles 53 to 56 arrange the temporary and exceptional financing of the GP watch posts during the evenings and the nights of the week. In normal circumstances, these waiting posts work during the weekends. The waiting posts make it possible to organize the organization of medical permanence fewer general practitioners. A number of doctors disabled or exhausted by the COVID19 crisis, so that the normal organization of the drivers is difficult or more burdensome for the waiting doctors. The opening of the waiting posts during the week can be able to contribute to the preservation of doctors in their practice or for the guard, or their return promoting. The measure, which aims at rapid financing, is temporary in nature and is thus restricted to a period of three months. The budgetary resources are available in the global budget that was laid down for 2020 for the operation of the GP watch posts. The introduction of the Weekwacht measures was held in the lap of the National Committee for Doctors-Sieken Funds on 6 April 2020. Article 53 contains the principle of Financing the operation of the GPAWARTHAGTENTENTIONS Due to the week for a period limited to three months. article 54 determines the conditions for the financingin particular the registration of the waiting activity. Article 55 on the part of the amount of the financing (50,000 euros) and financial regulation on the other. Item56 regulates the reporting on the measure to the bodies that are competent within the mandatory health insurance. The measure and the fast Implementation of it are necessary to offer a framework to the GPs on Dekortst possible time to temut less during the week, so that they can remain available or be able to get back in the fight against theCovid-19-Virus.titel 5.-Nurses it RIZIV has consulted these measures with representatives of the sector in the Agreement Committee on Nursing Insurance Institutions 1 and 7 April 2020. These measures were also discussed in the context of the consultations between RIZIVEN Insurance Institutions on 7 April 2020. The COVID-19-Pandemie has several consequences for The home nursing. The home nurses must consider special protection measures to safeguard themselves and their patients from infection. In addition, Nursing Practices Sum consciously reduce less essential care to release capacity for the specific COVID-19 Relationship request. To take this new COVID-19 context into account, 2 measures are worked out, in consultation with the sector and the insurance institutions, those that during the COVID-19 crisis: 1) Follow-up and supervision in patients with a COVID-19 Related problems2) Valorization of Nursing Care during the COVID-19 Measures: Costs and use of protection material chapter1. Follow-up and supervision in patients with a COVID-19-Related Problem article 57 specifics the way in which the benefits are indicated and determines the various specific provisions that are created and their application conditions. This concerns the following benefits: 419333 Follow-up and supervision of patients with a COVID-19 Related problems, diagnosed by a doctor W 2,946419355 Follow-up and supervision during the weekend or at home at home in patients with a COVID-19 Related problems, diagnosed by a doctor W 4,50419370 Follow-up and supervision in patients with a COVID- 19-related problems, diagnosed by a doctor W 2,946419392 Follow-up and supervision in a common place of residence of disabled people in patients with a COVID-19 related problems, diagnosed by a doctor W 2.946 in this article is clarified under follow-up n Supervisory. In Article 58 it is clarified what is understood by a patient with COVID-19-related problems;- at home;- Home weekend or holiday;- Restoring resort;- Common residential or place of residence of the disabled. :-the regulation;-the number of benefits that may be charged per day; -th cumulation or the prohibition on cumulation with certain other benefits and pseudocodes;-the provisions of art. 8, § 3 of the nomenclature-- taking the calculation of the daily ceiling;- the professional groups by whom they may be charged- the documentation in the nursing file;- the reporting to the treating Arts.artic 660 stipulates that no personal share is due Is by the beneficiaries. Articles 61beplaarts that no fee supplements may be charged. Chapter 2. Valorization of nurse Care during the COVID-19 Measures: Costs and use of protection material article 62 Describes the motivation for the introduction of an additional amount that can be added to decisitics provisions. Article 63 specifies for which benefits and fees the industry can be charged and the way in which, and determines the various specific pseudocodesdie and their application conditions. The following pseudocodes: 419252bijkoming amount in addition to a base for a stretching of a stretching of a stretching of a stretching of a stretching of a stretching of a stretching of a stretching of a stretching of a stretching to a stretching of a stretching to a stretching of a stretching to a stretching of a stretching of a stretching of a stretching of a stretching of a stretching of a stretching/FUTFAIT 419274 An additional amount in addition to a fixed amount A/fixed PA W 0.637419296 additional amount in addition a fixed amount B/fixed pb W 0.776419311 In addition to a fixed -up C 1,109de :- The place of provision;- the day of provision: no distinction between week, weekends holiday;- Non-Meenemen in the calculation of the daily ceiling; Article 64beplets that no personal share is owed by the rightholders.titel 6.- Labotestener were concluded agreements for the measures described in this Decree during informal consultations remotely with representatives of mutualities, laboratories, hospitals, sciensanoThe Clinical Biology Committee on 17 March and 16 April 2020. Consider the explanation of the WHO about the characteristics of the Coronavirus COVID-19, in particular with regard to the contagiousness, the death risk and the number of cases that was detected; predominantly strategic recommendation of the WHO for LABO tests for COVID19 on March 20, 2020: Laboratory Testing strategy Recommendations for COVID-19; Considering the guidelines of the Risk Management Groupinzake the investigation of the SARS-COV-2 virus; in the context of COVID-19 Pandemie of 3 April 2020; predominantly limited capacity and the scarcity of test material; predominantly the interests for public health to be able to offer the limited tests to the most emergency groups; predominantly restrictions on tests and the associated risks ; Article 65 shows an overview of all measures: 1 ° There is one reimbursement of testing of clinical biology with a teog on detecting the SARS-COV-2 virus and with a view to detecting antigens of the aforementioned virus under certain conditions; 2 ° There is no personal share for these tests; 3 ° there is a prohibition on fee supplements; 4 ° There is a prohibition on charging test ends not complying with the conditions of application to patients; 5 ° There is a temporary prohibition on charging serological tests. article 66 records the reimbursement of testing clinical biology with the eye On the detection of the SARS-COV-2 virus and with a view to detecting antigens of the aforementioned virus. These tests were not yet specifically reimbursable via the mandatory health insurance. The benefits are described via pseudomo clature codes: 554934-554945- detecting at least the SARS-COV-2 virus by means of a technique of molecular amplification55555555555549960- -COV-2-Virus. The rate for the provision 554934-554945 mites 46.81 euros, the rate for the provision 554956-554960 is 16.72 euros. The tests are highly recommended in national and international guidelines, such as the Guidelines Nomendoor de Risk Management Group, published on the website of the Sciensano and the strategic recommendation of the WHO for Labo Tests for COVID-19 on March 20, 2020: Laboratory Strategy Recommendations For Covid-19. The Antigentests have a lower sensitivity than the molecular tests, Maarleveren a fast result and can help to increase capacity during the peak of the pandemic. DeTesten will be reimbursed wo When they are used according to the guidelines of the Risk ManagementGroup that is published on the Sciensano website or in exceptional situations of clearly recovery clinical need for risk patients. In addition, tests are only reimbursed in recognized laboratories that meet the conditions that sciensano sets regarding Quality surveys that also meet certain biological safety regulations. To be able to follow the evolution of the depandemic in Belgium, the results of the tests must be sent to Sciensano's Dependence Pidemiology. To be able to use the scarce tests correctly and rationally with the most necessary groups with a one Steel An application form is added, signed by A doctor, which at least contains the following information regarding the clinical circumstances where the test is requested:- Identification of patient and prescriber;- requested.- or the test is done within D he test guidelines published at the time of the steel collection on the website of Sciensano. or the test is exceptionally done in the event of a clear demonstrative requirement at risk patient, it is also recommended that this application form will comprise ded retails of the clinical situation, whether it is and a care provider or risk patient and The hospitalization status. This must enable prioritization if there are more applications than there is available capacity.Scientific and administrative analyzes to make it possible to save the laboratories in electronic forms. For the period of 1 March to and by April 22, the benefits 554934-554945 and 554956-554960 can each apply 2 times per rectiferous Test guidelines relaxed and can be tested more much. For example, testing 1 to 2 times can be tested with asymptomatic patients Bijelke admission or with every new occupant of a residential collectivity. Through these broad screening, different situations are created where more than 2 tests are justified and the maximum of 2 times per rightholder can no longer be kept. The fee for the benefits 554934-554945 and 554956-554960 includes all costs associated with the test: the the test Drainage material, equipment, reagents, investment costs, quality control, personnel costs, supervision, protection material, transport costs, administrative costs, ... In the reimbursement conditions described in Article 66, § 3, conditions are also included i.v.m. The order of execution, repeating and cumulating the tests that enforce rational use of the tests. The benefits 554934-554945 and 554956-554960 cannot be charged for the collective screening of asymptomatic residents of a residential collective for persons, residence center, residence center, residence center, residence center, residence center, residence center, residence center, residence center, residence center, residence center, residence center, residence center, residence center, residence center, With disabilities, reception centers, prison, ...). These tests will be carried out and reimbursed through the test platform -organized by and with the cooperation of the federal government and federated entities.ikel67 stipulates that there is no personal share for the entitled parties. Item 68 makes a ban on fees. charging of tests on mandatory health insurance or to the patient if they do not meet the application conditions described in Article 66, § 3. This is necessary to be able to use scarce tests and limited capacity for patients with the greatest risks, to the quality of the Testing monitoring and protecting patients against unnecessary medical costs. This concerns, for example, testing that happens outside the test guidelines and without clearly demonstrable clinical necessity in risk patients, which are performed in a laboratory that does not appear on the list of sciensano or that are performed with test material that was not approved by the Fagg of Sciensano. Temporary ban on for charging serological tests for the investigation of antibodies against the SARS-COV-2 virus, for the term of the application of the Royal Decree of 17 March 2020 to establish a ban on the posting, commissioning and use Fast tests for measuring antibodies with regard to the SARS-COV-2 virus. The serological testing will play an important role in the next phase. For the time being there are no clear practical guidelines for its use. According to the advice of the Risk Assessment Group on indication positions Use for the diagnosis and follow-up of COVID-19 dating from 20/04/2020 there is still validation of the different types of serological tests. The tests will be useful on a diagnostic, occupational medical and epidemiological level, the use of these serological tests in this domain must be determined even better. Here too, a scarcity of tests that must be rational must be taken into account by the scientifically based reimbursement conditions. The detection of antigens of and antibodies against the SARS-COV-2 virus cannot yet be charged the benefits 552016-552020 or 55165 -551666 From Article 24 of the Annex to the Royal Decree of 14 September 1984 establishing the nomenclature of the Medical Insurance Insurance for Medical Care and Benefit. If the use of the Serological Tests is published on the SciENANO website, this is possible prohibition withdrawn and a repayment can be foreseen. The king will determine the target groups and the compensation conditions of the investigation tests that occur on a list set up by sciensano. The value of the provision is set at 9.60 euros. Ikel71 provides that the King - for the categories of care providers he indicates and under the conditions he determines - can provide a temporary financial intervention with the costs of special protection measures materials, in the context of the COVID 19 pandemie. , of any kindare charged by the care providers with regard to the costs of special protection measures and materials, regardless of the Convention Statute. Title 8. -Slot provisions article 72 provides for the king to determine the date of which the temporary measures end. In function of, among other things, the evolution of the sanitary situation, the general situation, the measures implemented as a result of the phases regarding the lifting of restraints the actual availability of care providers, the end of the various measures will have to be spread in time. The king will therefore be able to set the most suitable date for each measure to cancel it. This decision will have to be ratified by law in accordance with the corresponding article 7, second paragraph, of the Law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the King to take measures in the Fight against the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 (II). The measures that are taken on the basis of this Decree will have a limited effect over time and do not aim to change the regulations definition. However, the necessary follow -up for those acts, and in the special invoicing and payments, will still require some time to regularize after the last Vandie actions will be taken. Article 73 provides for the cancellation of the Royal Decree of 27 March 2020 to stop The calendars that determine the deadlines for the implementation of de procedures to change the list of reimbursable pharmaceutical specialties and of the list of the reimbursable implants and invasive medical devices as a result of the Pandemie COVID-13. Article 1 of the text has in design The same objective. Article 74 determines the effects of the Royal Decree. In order to ensure the interests of patients and the caregivers, proposed that the measures can be taken retroactively. The provisions of Title 3 have elaboration with effect from March 14, 2020. The molecular tests will be charged from March 1, 2020, the antigen will test can be charged from 1 April2020. The provisions concerning the protection measures have elaboration with effect from 4 May 2020. The authorization to the king to provide a financial intervention for the actions set in a triage and purchase center, comes into effect on a date to be determined by the king. I have the honor to be, Sire, Van Your Majesty, this respectful and very faithful servant, the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health, M. de Block13 May 2020. - Royal Decree no. 20 containing temporary measures in the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie and to ensure the continuity of care in the mandatory Insurance for Medical Care Filip, King of the Belgians, are to all servants and hereinafter referred to our greeting on the law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the King to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronaviruscovid-19 ( Ii), Articles 5, § 1, 1 °, and 6; Having regard to the Mandatory Insurance Act for Medical Care and Benefits, coordinated on July 14, 1994; having regard to the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on 5 May 2020; In view of the agreement finding of the Minister of Budget, given on May 8, 2020; Having regard to Article 8, § 2, 2 °, of the Act of 15 December 2013 containing various provisions on administrative simplification, this Decree is exempt from a regulatory impact analysis; in view of on the law of March 27, 2020, authorization grants the king to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus Covid-19 (i), Article 4, second paragraph; Deisendheid motivated by the outbreak of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Pandemie on the Belgian territory and the impossible to formally convene the established authorities; Considering the substantial increase in formal and physical consultation that would be necessary in technical working groups, councils and committees for decorative situations as a result to tackle the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19; predominantly necessity to regularize all measures that have already been established for reasons of public health and continuity of care have already been taken as soon as possible as well as to restrict the retroactive effect and to guarantee the legal certainty For all actors who are involved in the fight against the Pandemie every day; on the nomination of the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health on the advice of the ministers met in the Council, we have decided and we decide: Title1. - General provisions article 1. Subject to an opposite mention in this Decree or other legal or regulatory provision adopted after 13 March 2020the periods are provided for by or pursuant to the Mandatory Insurance Act for Medical Care Benes, coordinated on July 14, 1994, with the exception of the periods provided for or force department XVI and Department XXII of Chapter V of Title III, the titles IV, V , Vbis, Chapter III of Title VI and Chapters III and IV of Title VII of the law, suspended from 13 March 2020 to one by the king in a generic way or for some of those deadlines to be determined. 2. The procedures established by or pursuant to the Mandatory Insurance Insurance for Medicine Provisions and Benefits, coordinated on July 14, 1994, may take place in writing or can be sought at a distance. Or the measures can be taken without the statutory or regulatory proposals or advice being sought in advance. Titre 2. - Oxygen concentrator art.3. In Chapter 2, Section 6, of part 1 of the Annex attached to the Royal Decree of 24 October2002 establishing the procedures, periods and conditions under which the compulsory insurance for medical care and benefits meet the costs of the benefits referred to in Article 34, First paragraph, 20 °, of the Mandatory Insurance Insurance for Medicine Provisions and Benefits, coordinated on 14 July 1994, most recently amended by the Royal Decree of 13 March 2016, the following changes are made: 1 ° in § 1, the list of the funds will be made Supplemented with the following agents: fixed oxygen concentrator, Devilbiss Drive525 KS (SOS Oxygene Benelux) Fixed oxygen concentrator, Perfecto2 Invacare (SOS Oxygene Benelux) Fixed acid concentrator, Platinum 9 Invacare (SOS Oxygene Benelux) 2 ° As follows: Installation by the supplier: Cat. Code Benaming en verpakking Dénomination et conditionnement PrijsPrix Vergoedingsbasis Base de remboursement I II AVASTE ZUURSTOFCONCENTRATOR,DEVILBISS DRIVE 525 KS/OXYCONCENTRATEUR FIXE, DEVILBISS DRIVE 525 KS (SOS OXYGENE Benelux)31,80 31,80 0,00 0,00 AVASTE ZUURSTOFCONCENTRATOR, PERFECTO2INVACARE / Oxy concentrator Fixe, Perfecto2 Invacare (SOS Oxygene Benelux) 31.80 0.80 0.000.00 Avaste oxygen concentrator, Platinum 9 Invacare/ Oxy concentrateerfixe, Platinum 9 -Invacare (SOS Oxygene Benelux) 2.80 31.80 ° in § 8.80 31.80 31.80 ° 8.80 ° 80.80 31.80 ° 80.80 31.80 °8.80 ° 80.80 31.80 ° 80.80 31.80) Is point A, 2 °, a), supplemented as follows: Rental money and maintenance: cat. Code name and Packagingdénomination et Conditioning Price Prix Reference Base The Cash Cashback IIA -resistant oxygen concentrator, Devilbiss Drive 525 KS/Oxy concentratorfixe, Devilbiss Drive 525 KS (SOS Oxygene Benelux) 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10, 90.10 (10.00 .o .o 00.00 .o .o 00a .o .o. 00.00 .o .o 00a .o .o .o .o .o .o00. 00a .oxaste Benelux) Benelux -Oxastux). /Oxy concentrator Fixe, Perfecto2, Invacare (Sosoxygene Benelux) 90.10 90.10 0.00 0.00 Avast Oxygen Concentrator, Platinum 9, Invacare/Oxy concentrator Fixe, Platinum 9 Invacare (SOS Oxygene Benelux) 90.10 90.10 , 00 humidifier for one -time use: cat. Code name and packaging Dénomination et Condition price Prix reimbursement base The brake delivery II II Avastic acid concentrator, Devilbiss Drive 525 KS/Oxy concentrator Fixe, Devilbiss Drive 525 KS (SOS Oxygene Beneluxer) 5.5.1OVATOR) /Oxy concentrator Fixe, Perfecto2, Invacare (SOS Oxygene Benelux) 5.51 5.510.00 0.00 Avaste Oxygen Concentrator, Platinum 9 Invacare/Oxy concentratorfixe Platinum 9, Invacare (SOS Oxygene Benelux) 5.51 0.00 0.00 3. - Continuckteit of healthcare chapter 1. - General provisions art.4. § 1. The provisions are indicated by a rank number before the description of the provision. The description of each provision is followed by the tracking letter N for the benefits of the doctors or dentist, c for supervision by a doctor specialist in a hospital Included court, K ​​for the technical benefits of doctors specialists, M for the benefits of physiotherapists. § 2. That keyter letter comes before a coefficient number that indicates the dewent value of each provision. § 3. The tracking letter is a sign of the value of the EURO as follows:- Before the provision 444710- 444721 included Article 5 of this Decree, the value of the key letter K is set at 1,290865 EUR;- for the benefits included in Article 6 of this Decree is the value of the keyter letter to 0.774166 EUR;- for the benefits included in Article 6 of this decision, the value of the key letter C sets at 1,4 EUR;- for the provisions included Articles 89 and 10 of this Decree, the value of N is set at 2 EUR's benefits included In Article 12 of this Decree, the value of N is set at 4 EUR-Before the provision 518011 In Article 13 of this Decree, the value is of the key letters set at 0.930233 EUR;- for the provision 518033 included in Article 13 of this Decree, the value of the cleutelletter M is set at 0.925926 EUR. § 4. Opelke Note, drawn up to support the performance of some provision, the rank number referred to in §1 must be stated. § 5. For the purposes of this Decree, it says: 1 ° "the nomenclature" in Articles 4 to 18 of this Decree: the nomenclature of the medical benefits as referred to in the annex to the Royal Decree of 14 September1984 establishing the nomenclature of medical benefits regarding compulsory insurance for medical care and benefits; 2 ° "the nomenclature" in Articles 19 to 28 of this Decree: Royal Decree of 10 January 1991 establishing the Nomenclature of the Rehabilitation Accounts referred to in Article 23, § 2, second paragraph, of the Developmental Insurance Act for Medical Care and Benefits, coordinated on July 14, 1994, Totaling the fees and prices of those benefits and determining the amount of the insurance policy in those fees and prices. Sends in a hospital art. 5. Short irradiation in breast cancer patients: 444710-444721Borstborstborst radiation radiation venue (5 fractions) with the use of intensity modulation (IMRT) in the context of COVID-19K 2000. In contrast to the provisions of Article 19, § 1, category 4, of Denomenclature, is the obligation to administer at least 15 fractions according to IMRT not applicable to the provision 444710-444721.kapstem 3.-Special supervision of patients with COVID-19Ar.6. § 1. Identification of the COVID-19 patient: 793800COVID-19 patient N0de provision 793800 is certified for all hospitalized COVID-19 patients. Undercovid-13 patient is understood:-a person with laboratory confirmation of COVID-19 infection A person with whom the laboratory test for COVID-19 is negative, but for whom the diagnosis of COVID-19 is made on the basis of a suggestive clinical presentation and a compatible CT Thorax.§ 2. benefits that require the skill of a doctor specialist such as stipulated in Article13, § 1, b, of the nomenclature: 211960 measurements of Hartdebiet by thermodilution curven or dye dilution curves, from the first day for COVID-19 patients, per day n 92th provision211960 is not cumulable with the provision 211326 of the Nomenclature. 211982 Supervision the Extracorporel Membraanoxygenation (ECMO) outside the surgical operations, from the second day before COVID-19 patients, per day n 168th provisionin G 211982 cannot be cumulable with the 211385 of Article 13 of the Nomenclature. The application rules for the provision211982 are the same as these for the provision 211363 included in Article 13 of the Nomenclature. 211960 and 211982 can only be charged for Covid-19 patients Included recognized function intensive care as well as on the additional beds for intensive care that the FPS Public Health is transmitted daily. The provision of Article 13, § 2, 10 ° of the nomenclature is suspended. The benefits of Article 13, § 1, b , from the nomenclature and the benefits 211960 and 211982 can also be charged on additional bed intensive care (without service code 49) that are passed on to the FPS daily to the FPS Public Health.§ 3. Connecteds that require the beaking of a physician specialist as determined in Article13, § 1, a, of the nomenclature: 211061 installation and supervision of controlled or assisted C deflecting artificial ventilation, under tracheal intubation or tracheotomy outside Denarcose, included Capnometry, from the third day for COVID-19 patients, per day n 168detringslassing rules for provision 211061 are the same as those for the 211046 of the Nomenclature. On the vital and non-vital functions with a wake device that follows the electrocardiogram at least permanently, including any registrations, outside the Narcoses, the surgical and obstetric operations and outside the functional heart tests, from the third day for COVID-19 patients, per per day n 30th application rules for provision212063 are the same as those for the provision 212041 of Article 13 of the nomenclature.214060continuty surveillance on heart function (with or without supervision of other vital parameters) with a waking device that, as well as the ElektrocardiogramAt least permanently follows the arterial pressure by means of an intra-artery catheter (outside the narcoses, the surgical and obstetric operations and outside the functional heart tests), including any registrations, from the third day for COVID-19 patients, per day 85th Application rules for provision 214060 are the same as for the provision214045 of Article 13 of the Nomenclature.214141 Measurements of Hartdebiet by thermodilution curven or coloring-dilution curves and/or continuous monitoring of the intracardial or pulmonary pressure through an intacardial catheterial catheterial catheterial catheterial catheterial catheterial- Patients, per day n 92hethonorarium for the provision 214141 may not be merged with the fee for the provision475075 - 475086 of Article 11 of the nomenclature. The benefits 211061, 212063, 214060 and 214141 can only be charged on non -intensive care that specific care that Being reserved for COVID-19 patients. § 4. Connections for supervision of a COVID-19-patient: 597984bijkomend fee for supervision of the entitled COVID-19 patient included in single hospital, per day C 20th provision 597984 Can be charged by a Arts-Specialist. The provision 597984 can be cumulated once per patient and per day with the usual supervision fee by another doctor-specialist dan the doctor specialist who charges the usual monitoring fee 597984 can be charged for a COVID-19 patient recorded on a recognized Function Intensive Care, on the additional beds for intensive care that are passed on to the FPS Health daily in a COVID-19 department. § 5. The benefits can only be charged in paragraphs 1, 2, 3 and 4 in general hospitals (acute general hospitals, university hospitals and hospitals with a university character). Chapter 4. - care on distanceAart.7. The following basic principles apply to the remote benefits included in Articles 8 TOTS with 13, 16, 19 and 19 to 28: 1 ° The patient or his legal representative gives his information informed for the provision by telephone or video communication; 2 ° the means of communication requires an end-to-end encrypting; 3 ° the patient is the possibility to follow this provision without physical presence; 4 ° the provision of the care of care with the exception of the provisions with regard to the triage; 5 ° the quality of care is guaranteed by providing a limitation in certain cases on the number of benefitsper care provider. Department 1. - Specific care on distance. 8. Care a doctor § 1. Triage: 101990 advice with a view to triage covid-19n 10101835 advice with a view to triage covid-19 during the organized GP service service, an advice with an eye on triage covid-13 is understood after a telephone triage after fullean naamnesis of a patient with symptoms of a possible contamination with the SARS-COV-2 virus, in a special situation where measures are imposing in the field of public health to restrict the risks of distribution. The doctor must be able to clearly identify his patient and notes the File of the patient the telephone contact, the advice that were provided and the nature of the documents that were delivered. § 2. Continuity of care: 101135 advice with the eye for continuity of care N 10 Under Advice with a view to continuity of care means a telephone history of a patient in treatment with the doctor, who cannot meet in person for motivated reasoning in view of the advice In connection with the COVID-19 Pandemie. DEATERS must be able to clearly identify and notes his patient in the patient's file, the motivated reason that requires this advice, the advice provided, the possible adjustments to the treatment schedule and the nature of the documents delivered.§ 3. Application rules: the benefits 101990, 101835 and 101135 are done without any physical research by the sick person. The doctor does not meet the patient in person. The benefits101990, 101835 and 101135 include the preparation and signing of certificates, pharmaceutical regulations all kinds of documents. The provisions 101990 and 101135 can be charged by Elkarts. The provision 101835 can only be charged by a doctor during The organized home practitioner service. The benefits 101990, 101835 and 101135 may not be merged with the fee for consultation, visit or advice referred to in Article 2 of Nomenclature.101835 and 101135 may not be merged on the same day by the same doctor. The provision 101135 may be charged a maximum of 5 times per doctor per doctor per doctor. Advice 101990 and 101135 contained in the fixed amount for general practitioner medicine. These codes cannot therefore be charged for registered patients. These codes, on the other hand, can be charged for telephone advice for non-written patients. During the general practitioner service service, the doctors, working in the medical houses, can also use the code 101835 for patients who are not registered in a medical house. Medical house who receives telephone advice during the organized GP service from a doctor who does not work in a medical house will not be recovered at the medical house where the patient is registered.art. 9. Care by a psychiatrist § 1. Advice: 101872 advice With a view to a possible-drilling referral of the patient to a mobile 2A team or a psychiatric emergency service N10De, the provision 101872 requires the telephone anamnesis of the patient. The provision101872 can only be patient charged. § 2. Adult, child and adolescent psychiatry: 101894 session with a minimum duration of 30 minutes, without physical presence, with a view to a psychiatric diagnosis or a psychotherapeutic treatment N22.5th provision 101894 implies a telephone or video communication between the doctors the patient. 101916 session with a minimum duration of 45 minutes, without physical presence, with a view to rescheduling psychotherapeutic treatment that were started for the government measurement 101916 implies a video communication between the doctors the patient. § 3. Child and adolescent psychiatry: 101931 session Immediately minimum duration of 60 minutes in view of a media therapy of a child or young person of the lesson for 18 years with the participation of one or more adults who are responsible for upbringing and daily guidance, without physical presence n 48the Supply 101931 implies a video commuting interpretation The doctor and the participants. The provision 101931 always requires the participation of higher -named volume (s), whether or not together with the child. For the psychotherapeutic treatment the child, without physical presence, the provision is patented 101916. 101953 Considerable physical presence between the doctor and the psychologist or orthopedagogue on the ambulant treatment of a patient younger than 18 years n 26th of the provision 101953 implies single -fonic or video communication between the doctor and the psychologist or orthopedagogue with a minimum duration of this provision of the doctor's Roll of n the psychologist or of the remedial educationalist clarify in a treatment plan that was drawn up during an extensive psychiatric evaluation (109351,109410 or 101975), a media therapy (109336, 109675 or 101931) or a hospital admission (K-service). is made up. The signature by the participants is not required. The provision 101953 is included in the limitation of Maximaal 5 Consultation interviews per year for benefits 109373 and 109395,101975 sitting with a minimum duration of 120 minutes with a view to an extensive and individual psychiatric evaluation or less than less than than 18 years, without physical presence, on the prescription of the treating doctor, with file formatting and report n 100th provision 101975 includes, per session, at least one video communication of a minimum of 60 minutes with the patient and possibly the responsible (s) previously education and daily guidance. The provision 101975 also includes the possible contacts for heteroanamnesis of and instructions to third parties (general practitioner, school, reception center) and the supervision and joint interpretation of the necessary psychological tests. The provision 101975 covers the formatting of a detailed treatment plan and the introduction to treatment. 101975 can only be carried out on prescription of the treating arts. The possible repeat of this complete child and adolescent psychiatric evaluation requires a prescription from the treating doctor. The provision 101975 is included in the limitation of a maximum of seven charged provisions 109351 and 109410 per complete evaluation. § 4. General application rules: the benefits 101872, 101894, 101916, 101931101953 and 101975 can only be charged by Arts specialists in psychiatry and physician specialists in Neuropsychiatry.Teneindede Quality of the benefits to guarantee the maximum daily duration for the whole of benefits at 8 hours per physician specialist. The benefits 101894 , 101916,101931, 101953 and 101975 cannot be cumulable with each other. The benefits 101894, 101916,101931, 101953 and 101975 are not cumulable with the benefits of the nomenclature, carried out by the same or another doctor's same or the same-day artist Specialist in Neuropsychiatry. For what the measures regarding the partial day or night shots in psychiatric hospital departmental departments, including the adjustments following COVID-19 Pandemie, the benefits101872, 101894, 101916, 101931, 101953 and 10195 and 101915, can be charged with usual of the provision101916 that can only be submitted Enden, outside the normal attendance hours in the hospital, forth patients in partial night admission of whom regular psychotherapeutic treatment was going on the hospital before March 14, 2020.Art. 10. Care by one-neuropediatrist: 101791 session of at least 45 minutes, without physical presence, for the follow-up of children, adolescents or younger than 23 years with neurological development disorders (autism-spectrum disorder, attention disorder or hyperactivity) or the serious behavior) N 25th provision 101791 comprises: 1 ° a mandatory contact via telephone or video communication with the patient with guidance and support from adults who are responsible for education; 2 ° the possible adjustment of the treatment; 3 ° a written report that is obliged to the treating doctor must be delivered. The provision101791 implies a telephone or video communication between the doctor and the participants. The provision of 101791 can only be charged by physician specialists in neurology or pediatric die holder of the special professional title in child neurology. The guarantee is the maximum daily duration of all those benefits per physician specialist the neurology or pediatrics that are holder of the special professional title in child neurology. Definitated at 8 hours. The provision 101791 cannot be cumulated with the provision 101135Alt with the consultations referred to in Article 2 of the Annex to the Royal Decree of 14 September1984 establishing the nomenclature, which were carried out the same day by any physician specialist in neurology or pediatrics that are holder of the special professional title in Kinderneurology.art.11. Contrary to the provision "The benefits 350372-350383, 350276-350280, 350291-350302, 350394-350405 and 350416-350420 require the simultaneous physical presence of the various participating doctors. organized Video Communication.art. 12. Dental care § 1. Telephone advice: 389012Telphonic advice with any referral of a patient with a reporting question n 5389034telphonic advice with possible referral of a patient with a reported care demandIn the context of a recognized organized waiting service n 5 -partician advice, a telephone history with accompanying advice and any drug regulations are understood to mean any referral. The dentist notes a brief report of contact with the relevant sales in the patient file. When referring, the Practicus who is referred to is informed about the results of the advice and the relevant data. The patient immediately calls the dentist acute care demand or for additional follow -up of their dental treatment. The patient of the reasons of motivated reasons the dentist does not meet in person in view of the advice in connection with Decovid-19 Pandemie. No distinction is made between patients until the 18th birthdays after the 18th birthday. § 2. Terms of Application: the benefits 389012 and 389034 can be granted by all dentists with an RIZIV number. The benefits389012 and 389034 may be charged once per dentist only once per period of 7 calendar days. Patient can the same dentist on the same day 389012 and 389034Niet cumulate with some provision from Article 5 of the Nomenclature. The day's day Derand Doctor can charge a maximum of 10 times the provision 389012. On the days on which a dentist works in the context of an recognized organized guard service can charge the provision 389034 maximum20 times a day . The same day the benefits 389012 and 389034 cannot be secumulated. The benefits 389012 and 389034 do not apply to Hospitalized Patients. The Oral Care Project does not apply. The provisions 389012 and 389034 Nenniet if the required contact in the year 2020 for the amount of the allowances in the year 2021.dekerekekelkings 389012 and 389034 have no influence on the P-values.art. 13. physiotherapy care § 1. Weekforfait: 518011 care remote via video communication (weekly forphic) M 43518033 Care remote via telephone communication (weekforfait) M 27theze benefits include at least: 1 ° the evaluation of the Patient's Occasion; an individual exercise program and the timing of activities of daily life (ADL); 3 ° 2 contacts per week in which the patient encourages his exercise program to follow; 4 ° Follow -up and adjust the exercise program of the patient; 5 ° registering useful parameters ( Mobility, ...). §2. Conditions: the benefits 518011 and 518033 can be granted by Allekinesitheouten with an RIZIV number. The provision 518011 can only be charged during a week at least two video communications have taken place between the physiotherapists the patient of which one with a minimum duration of 58033. can only be charged if during a week at least two telephone communications have taken place the physiotherapist and the patient. The benefits 518011 and 518033 can be regarded as a fixed reimbursement per week and per patient. . Patient and per week only one of the benefits 518011 or 518033 can be charged. The physiotherapist follows the patient in his rehabilitation processes to follow his care protocol. The physiotherapist notes in the patient file contact moments, the duration and the way true The proceedings have expired, with the indication of the advancing protocol and the evolution of the patient as well as the Application used. This physiotherapy care must be prescribed by a competent care provider. There is no specific referral requirement on the regulation for a remote care. The benefits 518011 and 518033 are not applicable to hospitalized patients. The benefits 518011 and 518033 own no influence on the "counters" within the nomenclature, but can be monitored per provider 518011 and 518033 do not count for the number of prescribed benefits on the classical physiotherapy rule. For the week in which such benefits are charged, no benefits from Article 7 of the nomenclature are charged (including written reports, hands-on benefits, etc.) Art. 14. There is no personal share due to the beneficiaries for the benefits referred to in Articles 8 to 10, 12 and 13.Art.15. No supplements are permitted for the benefits referred to in Articles 8 to 1012 and 13. Department 2. - possibility of care on distance. 16. Care of speech therapy all-reliefs from Article 36 of the nomenclature may be provided via video communication. For a specific care situation, the speech therapist must always check whether a remote provision is responsible. For the young person under the age of 18, the speech therapist must prior permission by e-mail the parent (s) (or legal representative) that the younger distance speech distance) Added to the code provided for in Article 36 of the Nomenclature. Detective restrictions of Article 36 of the Nomenclature remain applicable: 1 session per day Iisterugbetaald.art. 17. Pre- and postnatal Zorgalle benefits from Article 9, a), of the nomenclature may be granted via telephone or video communication, with the exception of the benefits where the physical presence of the midwife is indispensable, such as the injections, supervision and assistance to the parturient during the work phase, the deliverances, the post -natal supervision of the day of redemption, etc. For each specific care situation, the midwife must always check whether a remote guidance is justified. The benefits via telephone or video communication can be granted by all midwives with a RIZIV number. Sales without being able to charge a physical presence, the pseudocode 792433 (relative provision for remote care) must be added to the code provided for in Article 9, a), of the nomenclature. benefits, the cumulation of benefits and the D Ossier from the beneficiary remain applicable if the provision is carried out viatelefonic or video communication. The collective preparation for the birth remains possible if the technology of an interactive "webinar" is used. The participants can follow session directly at home, see and hear the midwife and ask questions if desired.art.18. The fee and the amount of the insurance allowance for the benefits referred to in articles 16 and 17 are the same as for the benefits with the physical presence of the nomenclature.department3. - remote care regarding rehabilitation provisions. 19. In view of the advice in connection with the COVID-19 Pandemie, deviations are provided for the provisions provided for in the Royal Decree of 10 January 1991 establishing the nomenclature of the rehabilitation provisions referred to in article 23, § 2, second paragraph, of the Act on the Act Mandatory insurance for medical provision and benefits, coordinated on July 14, 1994, establishing the fees and prices of those benefits and determining the amount of the insurance policy in those fees for the period from March 14, 2020.Art. 20. Dietetics perspective patient who qualifies 794010 or 771131 for benefits, a maximum of 2 of this provisions Via telephone or video communication can be performed, under the following conditions: 1 ° all conditions that apply to the benefits 794010 and 771131; 2; 2; ° the minimum duration of the benefits via telephone or video communication remains 30 minutes; 3 ° The fee and the amount of the insurance policy is the same for the benefits via telephone or video communication as for the benefits 794010 and 771131; 4 ° the dietician can be the same patient maximum 2 Realizes via telephone or video communication, and maximum1 per day per patient; 5 ° the benefits via telephone or video communication count before the maximum number of benefits 794010 and 771131 in which the insurance intervenes for a patient; 6 ° the dietician agrees with the patient in advance To benefits by telephone or via V. IDEOCOMMUCATION FIRCATION; 7 ° The dietitian informs the patient in advance about the personal share of the entitled party in the fee for these benefits; 8 ° The dietitian registers the provision of the telephone or video communication and its duration in the patient file that he keeps by patient; 9 ° on The Care certificate certificates the dietitian the provision via telephone or video communation choir to state the Nomenclature Code that applies to this provision (794010 or 771131), together with the additional code 792433. The pseudocode 792433 becomes Law. If the dietician invoices electronicallyhe mentions the additional pseudocode 792433 in these "relative provision" of the billing file.art. 21. Subsections of diabetes patients § 1. per patient who are eligible for the benefits 794253, 794275.794290 and/or 794312 can be made, a maximum of 2 of these benefits can be made via telephone or video communication, under the following conditions: 1 ° the maximum number of 2 benefits via telephone or video communication applies per patient for the total of all benefits 794253, 794275.794290 and 794312 together; 2 ° except the condition of the space where the provision must be realized, all conditions that apply to the realized provision of application are met are; 3 ° the minimum duration of the benefits via telephone or video communication 30 minutes; 4 ° The fee and the amount of the insurance allowance is for the benefits via telephone or video communication the same as for the provision without telephone or video communication; 5 ° the provider is possible For the same patient maximum2 fresh trekkingen via telefoon of videocommunicatie realiseren, en maximum 1 per dag per patiënt;6°de verstrekkingen via telefoon of videocommunicatie tellen mee voor het maximum aantal verstrekkingen794253, 794275, 794290, 794312, 794334, 794356, 794371 en 794393 waarin de verzekering tussenkomt vooreen patiënt 7 ° The provider agrees with the patient in advance to make provisions via the telephone or via video communication; 8 ° The provider registers the provider via telephone or video communication and its duration in the patient file that he keeps by patient; 9 ° if a provision 794253 794275 or 794312 was carried out via telephone or video communication, certificates the provider by telephone or video communication by stating on the Nomenclature Code certificate that applies to the realized provision (794253, 794275 or 794312), together with the additional code 794312. The pseudocode 792433 is next to the user Kenomenclature code stated. If the provider invoices electronically, he states the additional pseudocode792433 in the "Relative provision" zone of the invoicing file; 10 ° If a provision 794290 has been carried out by telephone or video communication, the pharmacist charges this provision with the help of code 794953. § Patient which intervenes for the benefits 794415 and 794430 can be made, a maximum of 2 of these benefits via telephone or video communication can be made, under the following conditions: 1 ° the maximum number of 2 benefits via telephone or video communication money per patient for the total of all benefits 794415 and 794430 Together; 2 ° Being -VEDEVEN CONDITION OF THE SPACE WHICH THE SHOULD IS REALIZED, ATTENTION CONDITIONS CONDITIONS OF THE RESIDENTIAL PROMOTION The minimum duration of the provisions via telephone or video communication is being met for 30 minutes; 4 ° The fees the fees amount of the insurance Stegemoning is the same for the benefits via telephone or video communication as for the provision without telephone or video communication; 5 ° dediabetes education can be a maximum of 2 benefits via telephone or video communationalization for the same patient, and a maximum of 1 per day per patient; 6 ° the benefits via patient; along for the maximum number of benefits 794415, 794430 and 794452 in which the insurance intervenes for a patient; 7 ° The diabetes educator agrees with the patient in advance to perform the telephone or via video communication; 8 ° the diabetes educator registers via telephone or video commentation and the video commentation Duration of it in the patient file that he keeps track of per patient; 9 ° on the Care certificate, the Diabetes Educator DEVERTACTION Certain via telephone or video communication by mentioning the Nomenclature Code that is on this provision of application (794415 or 794430), SAME n with the additional code 792433. The pseudocode 792433 is stated in addition to the usual nomenclature code. If the diabetes education invoices electronically, he states the additional pseudocode 792433 in the "Relative provision" of the billing file.art.22. Occupational therapist Patient who is eligible for the provision 784335 can be made by telephone or video communication, under the following conditions: 1 ° except the condition regarding the space where the provision must be achievedAll conditions that apply to the provision 784335 are met; 2 ° The minimum duration of the benefits via video communication remains 60 minutes; 3 ° The fee and the amount of the insurance policy is for the benefits via video communication the same as for the provision 784335 4 ° the occupational therapist can achieve maximum 2 benefits via video communication for the same patient, and maximum 1 per day per patient; 5 ° Dexectures via video communication count for the maximum number of benefits 784335 where insurance intervenes for a patient; 6 ° the ergotherapist must in advance, Agree to work with the patient to work via video communication, and thereby checking whether the patient is in it and whether he has the necessary material (required communication equipment and software applications). The occupational therapist also informs the patient in advance The personal share of the person entitled to the fee for this e provisions; 7 ° The occupational therapist registers the provision through video communication and its duration in the patient file that he keeps by patient; 8 ° on the certificate of care the occupational therapist certificates the provision via Video Communicatieoor to mention the usual nomenclature code 784335, together with the additional code 792433. The pseudocode792433 is stated to the right next to the usual nomenclature code. If the occupational therapist electronic invoices, he states the additional pseudocode 792433 in the "Relative provision" zone of the invoicing file. Department 4. - remote care regarding rehabilitation provider agreement. 23. In view of the recommendations in connection with the COVID-19 Pandemie, deviation provisions on the provisions of the agreements referred to in Article 22, 6 ° and Article 23, § 3 of the law on mandatory insurance for medical care and benefits Coordinated top 14 July 1994 , for the period from March 14, 2020.Art. 24. Supervisors with the Centradie patients who suffer from the consequences of female genital mutilations, with the centers for transgender care and with the memory clinics. § 1. In the context of the Agreement, the insurance committee, on the proposal of the Municipal Executive, has concluded with Decentra who guide patients who suffer from the consequences of female genital mutilations (RIZIV identification number7.76.1xx.xx), with The Centers for Transgender Care (RIZIV identification number 7.76.2xx.xx) and with the memory clinics (RIZIV identification number 7.78.1xx.xx) can be a psychologist who is part of the team that realizes the agreement before, sessions via video communication. § 2. The following provisions are eligible for this: 1 ° the provision "session" (pseudocodes 784593 - 784604) of the centers that guide patients who suffer from the consequences of female genital mutilations; 2 ° the "seat" provision (pseudocodes 787916 - 78720 ) of the centers for transgender care; 3 ° the provision "seat in the clinic" (pseudocodes 784512 - 784523) of the memory clinics.§ 3. These provisions via video communication can be realized under the following conditions: 1 ° except the condition where The provision must be achieved, is experienced on all conditions of the respective agreements that apply to the respective benefits; 2 ° the advisory doctor of the insurance institution of the person entitled to the right of the guidance in the establishment concerned; 3 ° the minimum duration of the benefits via video communication remains 60 minutes; 4 ° per day and per patient chance Lechts one provision via video communication is reimbursed; 5 ° The prices and fees of the benefits via video communication are in line with the prices and fees of the respective agreements that apply to the respective benefits; 6 ° the benefits via video communication for the maximum number of benefits in which the insurance intervenes for a patient; 7 ° The psychologist must work in advance, via telephone, with the beneficiary to work via video communication, and thereby checking whether the beneficiary is able to do so and whether he has the necessary material (required communication equipment and software -Applications). DePsychologist also informs the beneficiary in advance about the personal share of the entitled party in the fee for these benefits; 8 ° The psychologist registers the provision via video communication. The duration of it in the patient file that provides the agreement; 9 ° the hospital that the respective agreement has concluded with the Insurance committeeinvoices the realization through video communication using the pseudocode: a) 788992 (outpatient patient) or 789003 (hospitalized patient) for a session in the context of the agreement with the Centradie guiding patients who are struggling with the consequences of female genital mutilations; b) 785971 (Ambulatory Patient) or 785982 (Hospitalized Patient) for a session in the context of the agreement with the centers for transgender care; c) 785993 (ambulatory patient) or 786004 (Hospitalized patient) for a session in the context of the agreement with the memory. Art. 25. Agreements with the Clairs Vallons and Zeepverentorium § Institutions § 1. In the Frame VAN the agreements that the Insurance Committee, on the proposal of the Municipal Executive, concluded with the "Clairs Vallons" establishments in Ottignies (RIZIV identification number 7.76.601.78 ) and "Zeepordentorium" in De Haan (RIZIV identification number 7.76.602.77), an individual guidance session can be realized by telephone or video communication for beneficiaries whose rehabilitation program in the establishment concerned has been interrupted. § 2. This provisions via telephone or video communication can be realized under the following conditions: 1 ° The provision of individual guidance session of 1 hour via telephone or video communication can only be carried out for a beneficiary for whom the advisory doctor of the insurer of the rectifier in the rehabilitation of the rehabilitation program in The establishment concerned has permitted; 2 ° only individual guidance of 1 patient or of the family of 1 patient or of a family of which are part of which are part of the patients. Group sessions via telephone or video with multiple patient that are not part of the same family, are excluded; 3 ° the individual guidance session at Minimum 1 hour via telephone or video communication can never be charged for patients who stay in the design or who are admitted to a hospital; 4 ° The individual guidance side minimum 1 hour via telephone or video communication can never be charged for new patients for whom the rehabilitation of the rehabilitation on 14 March 2020 had not yet started; 5 ° the individual guidance session of a minimum of 1 hour via telephone or video communication may be splitstin smaller parts, whereby any alternately various members of the team that provide the agreement, agree; 6 ° per week can be reimbursed for the same rightholder maximum 5 individual guidance sessions of a minimum of 1 hour via telephone or video communication; 7 ° the price of the individual counseling session of a minimum of 1 hour Via telephone or video communication is 100 euros. This price not only takes into account the minimum duration of the individual guidance session, but also with the necessary preparation time, the time required for the reporting on this, the Supervisieoor de Arts, the time spent on team consultation, administration costs and the general operating costs of the establishment; 8 ° the team member who carries out an individual guidance session of a minimum of 1 hour of VIATEPHONE or video communication, agrees with the patient in advance to make benefits via the telephone or via video communication and informs the entitled party or his legal representative before the person's personal share in the fee for the realized provision; 9 ° of each individual guidance session of a minimum of 1 hour via telephone or video communication, the date, the start and end hour, the identity of all parties involved, the discipline to which a involved team member belongs and the content of the intervention registered in the patient file that the agreement prevents; 10 ° the individual guidance session of a minimum of 1 hour via telephone or video communication is charged using the pseudocode 783996. § 3. The team members of Clairsvallons and Zeeprorentorium can be for the patients of the establishment in which they work, including the Patients who have interrupted the rehabilitation program of these establishments never make a distance from a distance in which the insurance for medical care intervenes on the basis of one other than the agreements that the insurance committee has concluded with Clairs Vallons and the Zeepverentorium. Only the individual guidance session of a minimum of 1 hour via telephone or video communication jug, under the conditions described above, by team members of these establishments via telephone or video communication for patients of these establishments are realized.art. 26. Agreements with the rehabilitation centers for locomotor and neurological rehabilitation § 1. In the framework of the agreements that the insurance committee, on the proposal of the Municipal Executive DirectorsClosed with the rehabilitation centers for locomotor and neurological rehabilitation (with an RIZIV identification number of the type 7.71.xxx.xx, 9.50.xxx.xx or 9.51.xxx.xx), a provision of speech therapy can be made via video communication. § 2. The rehabilitation center concerned can charge this provision for speech therapy video communication under the following conditions: 1 ° The provision of speech therapy video communication is carried out for a beneficiary for whom the adviser doctor of the insurance institution of the entitled party to the rehabilitation program in a rehabilitation center for the rehabilitation program in a rehabilitation program has permitted; 2 ° the provision of speech therapy via Video Communications is carried out for a rightholder of whom the rehabilitation program in a rehabilitation center Voorocomotor and neurological rehabilitation is temporarily interrupted; 3 ° the speech therapy Video communication is made by a speech -validistor partic part of the rehabinist part of the rehabinist part of the rehabinist part of the Realidist partician and neurological rehabilitation that an agreement has concluded with the insurance committee; 4 ° the minimum duration of the speech therapy through video communication is 30 minutes n Has the need material (required communication equipment and software applications). The speech , 06 euros; 9 ° per day, for the same entitled to a maximum of one speech therapy via, video communication in the context of the agreement can be charged with the insurance committee; 10 ° The hospital that concluded the agreement with the insurance committee invoices the realization of the realization via video communication using the pseudocode: a) 783495 (ambulant patient) or 783506 (hospitalized patient) for a hearing in the context of an agreement with a RIZIV identification number of the type 7.71.xx.x; b) 791475 (Ambulatory Patient) or 791486 for a session in the context of an OVE ranging with an RIZIV identification number of type 9.50.xxx.xx; c) 791534 (outpatient patient) or 791545 (hospitalized patient) for a session in the context of an agreement with an RIZIV identification number of the type 9.51.xx.x.x. Art. 27. Agreement with the CP reference centers § 1. In the context of the agreements that the insurance committee, on the proposal of the Municipal Executive, concluded with the reference centers for Cerebralpalsy (CP) (agreements with an RIZIV identification number of the type 7.89.50X.XX), the "punctual advice" provision that is described in Article 7, 3 ° and Article 11 of those agreements can be realized via telephone or video communication. § 2. The relevant CP reference center Kandeze Provision "Punctual Advies" via telephone or video communication Allow the following conditions: 1 ° the provision of punctual advice meets the conditions of the agreement, and in particular to the conditions of Articles 7 , 3 °, 11 and 12 of the agreement; 2 ° The provision of punctual advice can only be realized via telephone or video communication for a beneficiary for whom there is already a rehabilitation program ongoing, of which the relevant doctor of the insurance institution of the beneficiary is permitted; 3; ° the Punctual Advice provision can only be realized via telephone or video communication for a person entitled for whom the provision is previously the provision 783510-783521, as described in Article7, 1 ° and Article 8 of the Agreement with the Insurance Committee, has been realized; 4 ° the members of the team of the CP reference center that intervening in the provision, informing of the rights holder or his legal representative about the personal share due before the provision is started; 5 ° the entitled party or his legal representative has agreed prior to the provision of punctual advice via telephone or video communication; 6 ° the righteous person, spread over at least 2 different daysreceived in total minimum 2 hours of guidance via telephone or video communication. Maximum 1 hour of guidance via telephone or video communication are taken into account per day and per patient can. This hourly magic may be split into smaller parts. Only guidance time for which no other man an intervention is charged can be taken into account; 7 ° The provision -punctual advice via telephone or video communication can be charged a maximum of once a month and per beneficiary By means of individual guidance (guidance of 1 patient and his family). Group sessions via telephone or video communication with multiple patients who are not part of the self -determination, cannot be part of the minimum required guidance time; 9 ° all intertwens via telephone or video communication must be in the patient file are stated (date, start and end hour, which team member and which discipline, content of the intervention); 10 ° The provision of punctual advice via telephone or video communication is charged to the price that is due under the agreement with the insurance committee for one Provision of punctual advice; 11 ° The provision -punctual advice via telephone or video communication is charged using the pseudocode 784394 (ambulatory patient) or 784405 (hospitalized patient) .Art. 28. Agreement with the multidisciplinary diagnostic center for patients with chronic fatigue syndrome (CVS) §1. In the context of the agreement that the insurance committee, on the proposal of the Municipal Executive, has concluded with the multidisciplinary diagnostic center for patients with chronic fatigue syndrome (agreement with RIZIV identification number 7.89.453.30), the provision of "session cognitive behavioral therapy can "(CGT session) are realized via video communication. § 2. The `CBT session through video communication 'is a CBT session as defined in Article 19 of the Agreement whereby the' cognitive behavioral therapist for CFS 'and the beneficiary are not physically present in the practical chamber of the cognitive behavior therapist (contrary to article 19, 2 ° of the Agreement), but the treatment session of Vancognitive Behavioral Therapy realizing by remote communication through an application of video communication.§ 3. In order to be able to realize a CBT session through video communication, the 'cognitive behavioral therapist for CVS' must advance, by telephone, by telephone, To have agreed with the person entitled to realize the session per video communication. The `cognitive behavioral therapist for CFS 'thereby checks whether the person entitled is responsible for this and whether he has the communication equipment and software applications required for video communication.§ 4. The provisions and rate of the agreement that apply to the "CGT sessions" also apply to the "CGT sessions through video communication". With regard to compliance with, among other things, the CBT session, the CBT session counts as a normal CBT session.§ 5. The pseudocode for the CBT session by video communication is 788970 for ambulatory rights holders 788981 for hospitalized righteous-holding. 29. The Royal Decree of 18 March2020 establishing various exceptional measures regarding the mandatory insurance for forecast care and benefits with a view to care care of patients in the context of the COVID-19 Pandemie with the SARS-COV-2 virus is being canceled. 4. - Structure chapter1. - Switch care centers. 30. For the purposes of this chapter, it is understood to mean: 1 ° triage and purchase center: the centers referred to in Article 44; 2 ° Schakelzorgcentrum: The Centradie in the context of COVID-19 were established by the Deeltities after approval of the Governor, those temporary patients who have been referred after admission to a hospital or transferring a triage and purchase center or by a service of emergencies, and who for the reason that have been included in this chapter cannot return directly to their ordinary living situation; 3 ° the law: dewet concerning mandatory insurance for medical care and benefits, coordinating top 14 July 1994; 4 ° The compulsory insurance: the compulsory insurance for medical care and benefits as referred to in the law of 14 July 1994; 5 ° the RIZIV: the National Institute for Sickness and Invalidity Insurance. Art. 31. This chapter regulates: 1 ° for the Schakelzorgcentra, the conditions under which the compulsory insurance may be met with the costs of follow -up, supervision and care by nurses, care experts and by doctors; 2 ° the conditions for the compulsory insurance in the cost of others Healthcare in the centers in Article 302 °. Art. 32. § 1. The patients for whom the allowance intended in this chapter are allocated, these are in which COVID-19 was detected. Either they were admitted to the hospital or they were investigated in a triage and purchase center or in a service of emergencies where it was decided that admission to the hospital is not necessary. If these patients are determined, they cannot keep up on their return to their normal living situation The strict rules of insulation, hygiene and distance from high risk persons or still need specific care that cannot be offered in a normal living situation can be included in a switching care center for a stay up to three weeks. This determination stated in the referral letter from the treating physician to the Schakelzorgcentrum. §2. If it concerns a patient who, under normal circumstances, in a collective/residential structure and in which COVID-19 was detected, the patient must be referred to the collective/residential residence where he should be able to do with strict conditions of insulating and hygiene upon dismissal and where the continuity of care can be guaranteed. If this can be impossible to be guaranteed as a result of exceptionally difficult conditions within the residential residence and if this was determined by the recognizing government, a temporary passenger center can be decided. This stay is limited to a minimum over time and preferably no longer than one -week.art. 33. § 1. The switching care centers must be able to include the patients who are present in the following situations: 1 ° for a patient in which COVID-19 was detected who has no chronic condition, is self-reliant and is generally independent in His daily life, only daily monitoring of certain parameters is needed to detect any deterioration of his state.2 ° for a patient in which COVID-19 was detected and who is not very independent in daily life (disoriented, geriatric, with disabilities , Katz scale home nursing a, b or c, etc.) Whether that needs chronic care (wound care, insulin, etc.), must offer the switching care center framework that will enable him to be in addition to the daily retention of the parameters for any deterioration of his condition to be detected, the care of his dependency situation. 3 ° for a patient who generally autonomous, where COVID-19 was detected and which due to admission to the hospital is temporary rehabilitatievergnig needs (including after a long stay at a intensive care service) that are given in a home situation that is not possible due to the lack of the necessary equipment or due to the unsuitability of the home, a framework must be offered that will enable him to detect any deterioration of his condition in addition to the daily monitoring of the parameters, the care of the recovery process requires his recovery process. § 2. The inclusion in a switching care center is only possible, if the necessary equipment, the equipment and staff are available.art. 34. Detegoming for doctors referred to in Article 35 depends on the following assignments and conditions: 1 ° The allowance covers medical supervision and medical care by a group of doctors designated in consultation with the GP circle of the center of the center 2; ° for the follow -up of patients, the coordination of care and for the administration of medical care, in function of the care burden of patients in the center, the physical presence is organized by a doctor's challenge 8 hours a day for a group of 30 patients; 3 ° per additional disc of 15 patients can be added a maximum of 4 additional hours of physical presence of a doctor per day; 4 ° under the indicated doctors, agreements are made for availability during the evening and the night (5 pm - 8 am the next day) by one doctor; 5 ° The doctor connected to the center is responsible for prescribing care for the period that the patient is staying in the Schake lzorgcentrum; 6 ° the doctor connected to the center decides to have the patient hospitalized again; 7 ° the doctor connected to the center decides to resign the patientIn consultation with the patient/general practitioner/other structures. In addition, the doctor also takes into account the dismissal criteria that are drawn up by Sciensano The framework of COVID-19 crisis; 8 ° Upon dismissal of the patient from the center, the arts unions transfer to the center to the patient's doctor.art. 35. For the assignments as provided for in Article 34, the following allowances apply: 1 ° for doors that a doctor can be called on between 5 pm and 8 a.m. the next day the next day is 6.51 euros per hour (availability of fees) . For each of those periods, maximum doctor can receive this fee. These hours are not registered in Medega. This allowance also cover the time for telephone consultations. This allowance is paid by the RIZIV to the Switch Care Center on the basis of a list of hours of availability per doctor; 2 ° for the physical presence in the Switching Center during the day and/or physical presence after calling between 17 hours In the evening and 8 o'clock in the morning the next day the allowance is 80.34 euros per hour; this allowance covers all benefits that are carried out during the presence in the Switch Care Center. This allowance is paid by the RIZIV to the Switching Center Basic of a list of the Number of hours performed per doctor in the center.3 ° times -hot stay of the patient in the Switch Care Center, the fees as referred to in Chapter2 of the Royal Decree of 14 September 1984 can determine the nomenclature of the medical provisions regarding mandatory insurance and benefits ni It is calculated.4 ° on the allowance referred to in 1 °, 2 ° and 3 ° no brake fee is due for the patient and he cannot be charged either supplements .Art. 36. The allowance for nurses and care experts as referred to in Article 37 depends on the following assignments and conditions: 1 ° follow -up of the parameters as referred to in Article 33, 24 hours a.m. patients, 24 hours a day and 7 days on 7; 3 ° The team of nurses and care experts is compiled on the basis of the availability that qualifications in the region; 4 ° the maximum number of financing full -time equivalents (VTE) is 6 per 30 patients including 4 FTE nurses and 2 VTE health careists; 5 ° per additional disk of 15 patients can add a maximum of 3 VTEs, including 2 nurses and 1 healthcare, to the team; 6 ° within this team a responsible person is designated.art.37. For the assignments as provided for in Article 36, the following allowances apply: 1 °. The hourly allowance per actually performed hour of a nurse is 47.25 euros; 2 ° the allowance per actual work of a healthcare professional is 34.96 euros; 3 ° This allowance is paid by the RIZIV to the Switch Care Center on the basis of a list of the number of actually performed hours in the center, with a maximum of 228 hours per week (6 x 38 hours) per 30 patients. For each disk of 15 additional patients, a maximum of 114 hours can be added to this; 4 ° during the patient's stay in the switching care center, the benefits referred to in Article 8 of the Royal Decree of 14 September 1984 may not be charged; 5 ° on the benefits As referred to in 1 ° and 2 °, no brake fee is due for the patient and could not be charged either supplements.art. 38. With regard to the other care for the Patient Die, the following conditions apply to the application of this chapter: 1 ° With regard to degrees: these are electronically prescribed by the doctor at the center during the patient's stay in the center. For delivery and tariffing, the regular rules apply to the delivery to an outpatient patient by either the Hospital Pharmacy ofweldoor de Public Officina.2 ° What the care provided by a physiotherapist in a switching care center trait: this is reimbursed on the basis of maximum 1 individual Physiotherapy fitting per rightholder per day. This is charged to the patient's insurance institution via the pseudocode 518055, with a personal involvement of the physiotherapist per beneficiary with a global average duration of 30 minutes. The fee for that provision is 22.26 euros. There is no personal share nor supplement due by the beneficiaries for this provision. For the physiotherapeutic care provided during the residence of the entitled party in the Switch Center Mogen no benefits from Article 7 of the Annex to the Royal Decree of 14 September 1984 is charged.3 ° in deviation from Article 35, 3 °With regard to the benefits of mental health care, the patient appeals to all possible existing structures, including the exceptional nomenclature in the context of COVID-19 for psychiatrists and the first-line psychologists within the agreement with the RIZIV insurance committee for primary care psychological care.4 ° All other medical care can be reimbursed within the conditions stipulated in or in implementation of the law, unless with regard to the benefits as referred to in articles 34 and 36.Art.39. The allowances as referred to in Articles 35 and 37 are not due if it concerns doctors, nurses and/or care experts who are employed as a volunteer or who who are exemptions at an administration or an insurance institution. The allowances as referred to in Articles 35 and 37 do not apply For the hours that the doctors, nurses and/or health care professionals have been reimbursed by another allowance within the compulsory insurance. In addition, people were financed for the hours worked in the switching care centers by the budget of financial resources, by the flat-rate district health center or by a fixed rehabilitation institution. Insigned performance referred to in this chapter is granted to a righteous who is registered in one medical house, these services are charged to and charged by the compulsory insurance contracting Article 40 or by the insurance institution of the beneficiary in accordance with Article38, first paragraph, 2 °, and they are not transferred to the medical house for the industry. 35 and 37 do not apply if the cost is charged by another employer/institution/service/government.art. 40. The allowances as intended in Articles 35 and 37 can be invoiced by the controller of the Schakelzorgcentrum. The Department for Medical Care of the RIZIV in accordance with the invoicing instructions determines the leading official of that service. The RIZIV is communicated.art. 41. The Schakelzorgcentrum records data in a central database that is organized at the FPS Public Health. This includes the identification of the patients, the referring institution, the recording dates The dismissal date and the destination after dismissal from the center. The personal data from the database and the recording date and the dismissal date are communicated weekly via the RIZIV to the National Intermutualist College that takes care of it The communication to every insurance institution involved.art.42. The health care practitioners employed in the Switch Care Center fall under the responsibility of the Switch Care Center. The Schakelzorgcentrum guarantees itself from the status regarding the necessary insurance policies regarding professional liability and occupational accident insurance.art.43. Only the switching care centers whose name and address, the date of opening/closure, the responsible person is published the RIZIV number on the RIZIV website, which have been informed of this publication that comply with the provisions of this chapter, are eligible for The allowances meant in this chapter. Chapter 2. - Triage and purchase center. 44. For the application of this decision, "triage and purchase center" is understood to mean: the center of primary care, specifically set up by general practitioners, hospitals and governments to physically examine patients referred by a doctor and who may be infected with COVID-19 and to take samples for testing with the eye on tracing Covid-19.Art. 45. § 1. The Institute has an identification number to each triage and purchase center that provides the following information via the address covid19@riziv-inami.fgov.be: 1 ° contact details; 2 ° start date of the activity; 3 ° one medical controller (name, e-mail, telephone); 4 ° one administrative contact person (name, e-mail, telephone); 5 ° the selection form, published on the website of the InstituteWith which the account numbers are indicated on which the allowances are deposited. § 2. The list of triage and collection centers is published on the website of the Institute. § 3. The date of closure is immediately communicated to the Institute.art. 46. ​​§ 1. EELL Triage and decrease center that meets the definition of Article 44 can claim the following formators: 1 ° a one-off fixed allowance for the start-up of the triage and decrease center; 2 ° an allowance per physical examination of the patient who offers himself the center; 3 ° a flat-rate allowance for the coordination of the work in the triage and decrease center by a doctor, in function of the number of hours performed per day; 4 ° a fixed allowance for the nursing support in the triage and a decrease center, depending on the number of hours performed per day; 5 ° a fixed allowance for the administrative support in the triage and decrease center, in function of the number of performance doors per day. § 2. The allowances referred to in paragraph 1, 2 °, 3 °, 4 ° and 5 ° are owed at the earliest from March 23, 2020 or from the start date of the triage and purchase center, if it later falls. 47. § 1. The allowance referred to in Article 46, §1, 1 °, covers the activity of the doctors who have worked on the start of the triage and decrease center in the period prior to the opening and amounts to a maximum of 7,230.60 euros. The King determines modalities to calculate the amount per center and takes into account the number of residents of the number of participants in the region that is covered by the triage and purchase center.§ 2. The amount referred to in § 1 by the Institute On the specified account number of the triage and purchase center by means of the form referred to in Article 45, § 1, 6 ° .Art. 48. § 1. The allowance referred to in Article 46, § 1, 2 °, covers the following provisions: 101850 Research of the patient in a triage and purchase center with the eye triage covid-19,101813 examination of the patient in a triage And a collection center with a teog on Triage Covid-19 during weekends and public holidays. § 2. The provisions referred to in § 1 are indicated by a rank number before the description of the provision. Hethonorarium for the provision 101850 is 26.78 euros. The fee for the provision101813 is 39.98 euros. § 3. There is no personal share for the patient for benefits 101850 and 101813. There may not be charged fee supplements.art.49. § 1. The provisions 101850 and 101813 referred to in Article 48 can be charged Doelke Arts who works in a triage and purchase center via the collection statement referred to in Article 50. Other fulfillment options are not accepted. § 2. The benefits 101850 and 101813 intended in Article 48, carried out in a triage and purchase center for patients registered in a medical house, are charged to the insurance institution of each patient in accordance with the procedural edge in Article 50 and are not charged by the medical house of these patients.§ 3. The benefits 101850 and 101813 referred to in Article 48 may not be merged Methet Honorarium for consultation, a visit or advice referred to in Article 2 of the Annex Bij het Royal Decree of 14 September 1984 establishing The nomenclature of the medical provisions regarding mandatory insurance for medical care and benefits.§ 4. The benefits 101850 and 101813 referred to in Article 48 can only be charged once the patient per day.art. 50. § 1. The triage and decrease center prepares a weekly statement by the provisions referred to in Article 48 from Monday to Sunday. The model of the collection statement is worked out by the Institute and published on its website.§ 2. The compilation statements contain the the following data: 1 ° identification number of the triple and decrease center; 2 ° the date of each examination; 3 ° the identification Vanelke doctor (name, first name, RIZIV number); 4 ° the identification of each patient (insofa number or in the event of a lack thereof The name, first name and date of birth). The collection states are completed by the medical responsible or the administrative contact person of the triage and purchase centers by one of them in electronic format (ExcelCSV or Access) transferred to the address covid19@riziv-inami.fgov.be.§ 3. The Institute bundles the collection states and delivers it via a secure electronic application to the National Intermutualist College (NIC) that it further distributes over the various insurance institutions Intakes Of the membership of the patient. The insurance institutions pay the doctors on the account number already known or on the account number that the triage and decrease center has communicated the selection form stated in Article 45, § 1, 6 °. Art. 51. § 1. The allowance intended in Article 46, § 1, 3 °, coordinates the medical coordinator, during doors that the triage and purchase center is opened. She is 80.34 euros per hour with a maximum of 12 hours per day, regardless of the number of coordinators. During the hours in which the doctor Coordinator ISMAG does not charge physical examinations. § 2. The allowance referred to in Article46, § 1, 4 °, covers the nursing support in the triage and decrease center, during doors that the center is open. It amounts to 47.25 euros per hour with a maximum of 12 hours of per day, Regardless of the number of nurses. § 3. The allowance referred to in Article46, § 1, 5 °, covers the administrative support in the triage and purchase center, during doors that the center is open. It amounts to 34.96 euros per hour with a maximum of 12 hours of per day, Regardless of the number of administrative assistants. § 4. The triage and purchase center can only claim the allowances referred to in §§ 2 and 3 insofar as the cost of the performed the hours is not yet covered by an allowance for medical care insurance. § 5. The King can provide a financial intervention for the acts determined by Hemte set in a triage and purchase center and determine the further rules for the dief-finance intervention. In that case, the king also determines the further rules according to which dief -financing intervention can be cumulated with other allowances from the compulsory insurance policies in particular the allowances in the context of this chapter. Art. 52. §1. The Triage and Drainage Center prepares a weekly statement with the activities of Monday tot and on Sunday, referred to in Article 51. The model of the collection statement is worked out by the institute and published on its website. § 2. The collective states contain the following data: 1 ° identification number of the triage and decrease center; 2 ° the date; 3 ° the identification of the coordinating doctor (name, first name and RIZIV number); 4 ° the number of hour of coordination, nurse and Administrative support. The collection statements by the medical controller or the administrative contact person of the triage and purchasing tentrums transferred by one of them in electronic format (Excel, CSV or Acces) at the address covid19@riziv-inami.fgov.be.§ 3 . The Institute pays the allowance on the account number that the triage and purchase center has specified via the selection form stated in Article 45, § 1, 6 °. Chapter 3.- Weekwachtart. 53. The general practitioner watches who are financed on the basis of Article 22, 6 °, for ensuring medical permanence during the weekends, can expand their operation for the evenings and the nights of the week for a period of months, for the period That always in -between at 6 pm and ends at 8 am the next day.art. 54. The general practitioner's watchpost who wishes to apply for Article 53 submits an application for this to the leading official of the RIZIV service service, with the following minimal data:- the start date of the Weekwacht;- the mutual agreement between the guard post and the general practitioner circle or general practitioner's circles to organize the week watch in the guard post;- the opening hours- the guard organization: number of sitting and moving guardians;- the number of hours per week on which reception personnel is used-- number of hours per week on which an external transport company is engaged, the number Hours per week on additional administration and coordination- the commitment to accurately register the Weekwacht activity, both in terms of visits and the consultations, preferably split into two periods: from 6 to 11 pm and 11 to 8 am- the commitment to with to work on a coordinated evaluation of the operation and use of financial resources.art.55. § 1. The Department for Medical Care of the RIZIV checks whether the application referred to in Article 54 contains all minimum data. § 2. If the conditions intended in Article 54, the RIZIV pays an amount of 50,000 euros for the operation of the guard item during the periods referred to in Article 53 for a duration of three months, from the start date of the WeekwachtOn the bank account number that is used for financing the medical permanent times the weekends. § 3. The amount of 50,000 euros covers the totality of the performance costs of the waiting items during the week, in particular the infrastructure costs, the personnel costs in the broad significance, management costs and all IT and communication costs. The amount of 50,000 euros does not cover the consultations and the visits of the doctors in the context of the operation of the GPAWWEGTASTENTENTEMENTS. § 4. According to the modalities determined by the RIZIV medical provision service, the GP guard post will transfer a detailed financial report in the course of the first month after the three -month course. Only the expenses that are specifically stated by supporting documents are eligible for reimbursement within the amount of 50,000 euros. Within the month after the Medical Care Service has established the total amount of the acceptance costs, the GP watch post will return the balance to the Riziv.art.56. The Medical Care Service draws up an integrated report of the application of the articles 53 to 55 and submits the report to the National Committee Doctors -Ziekenfonds, the Budget Control Committee and the Insurance Committee.Titel 5. - Nursing Chapter1. - Follow-up and supervision in Patient with a COVID-19 Related problems. 57. § 1. The specific nursing benefits with regard to follow-up and the Supervision of patients with a COVID-19 Related problems are the following: 419333 Supplementary Supervision at home in patients with a COVID-19 Related problems, diagnosed by a doctor (W 2,946); 419355 Follow-up and supervision during the weekend or at home at home with a COVID-19 Related problems, diagnosed by a doctor (W 4.504); 419370 follow-up and supervision in a recovery resort in patients with a COVID-19 related problems, diagnosed under a doctor (W 2,946); 419392 Follow-up and supervision in a common residential or residence of disabled people in patients with a COVID-19 related problems, diagnosed by a doctor (W 2,946). The nurse is covering the nurse and the (in the special protection) material required To exercise this care in a medically responsible manner.§ 2. onto Follow -up and supervision is understood: 1 ° targeted observation of parameters (temperature, muscle pain, respiratory, RR, ...); 2 ° guiding the patient in preventation measures: use of protection materials, quarantine measures, ...; 3 ° guidance at oxygen administration (where appropriate) .Art. 58. § 1. The patient referred to in Article57, § 1 concerns: 1 ° A patient who has been (presumably) infected or has been infected with Methet Covid-19 virus and in one of the aforementioned places becomes ill; 2 ° a patient who ( presumably) is contaminated or has been infected with the COVID-19 virus and which is recovered to one of the aforementioned places from a triage and purchasing center or switching center; 3 ° a patient who is (presumably) infected or has been infected with the COVID- 19-virus and after dismissal from the hospital that one of the above places returns; 4 ° a patient with whom the usual care network dropped out by the COVID19 measures and where the nurse is asked to regularly check important parameters and to supervise the general health condition. §2. Home is understood to mean the residential or residence of the beneficiary in accordance with Article8, § 1, 1 ° of the nomenclature. By home or holiday is understood by the entitled or residence of the beneficiary during the weekend or on a public holiday in accordance with article 8, § 1 , 2 ° of the nomenclature. By repairing is understood by a recovery-consecutive Article 8, § 1, 3 ° of the nomenclature. By common residential or residence of the disabled is understood a temporary or definitive common residential or residence of the disabled in accordance with Article 8, § 1, 3 ° bis of the nomenclature.art.59. § 1. The application rules regarding the benefits referred to in Article 57, § 1, are the following: 1 ° must be prescribed by a doctor: In urgent cases, this may be formulated orally formulated medical prescription provided that the doctor is written confirmation of the doctor in 6 months after the 6 months after the Start of the care; 2 ° may only be certified once per care day and include at least one visit to the patient during that day. Hereby a base distribution may be charged once a day; 3 ° may not be cumulated on the same day, careforfait A, B, C, PA, PB, PC or PP may be immediately cumulatedNeither with other technical nursing provisions. They may be cumulated with specific technical nursing provisions; 4 ° may not be cumulated on the same day with nursing benefits that are granted the framework of a switching center; 5 ° may be cumulated with the pseudocode 418913 for benefits are performed at the beneficiary at home or in his place of residence in Well -Bewelandelanden municipalities; 6 ° fall under the provisions of art. 8, § 3 of the nomenclature of the medical benefits; 7 ° are included in the calculation of the daily ceiling that is laid down in art. 8, § 4 6 ° of the aforementioned nomenclature; 8 ° may be poorly granted and charged by a graduated nurse or equivalent, a midwife, or a nurse with a break. § 2. The COVID-19 Related problems must be documented in the patient's nursing file with, among other things, the content of the regulation. The competent control services. The nurse must report to the treating doctor once a week. This is possible in a patient discussion, by telephone or electronically. The precipitation of this reporting must be included in the nursing file.art.60. No personal share is due by the beneficiaries for the benefits referred to in Article 57, § 1.Art. 61. No fee supplements may be charged, if the nursing is not conventional. Caparator 2.-Valorization of nursing care during the COVID-19 Measures: Costs and use of protection material art.62. In the context of the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie, this decision records an additional amount that can be added to certain nursing benefits to guarantee the purchase and use of materials required to ensure adequate protection of patients and care provider.art.art .63. § 1. Het bijkomend bedrag bedoeld in artikel 62 wordt aangerekend via een pseudocode diemaximum eenmaal per verstrekking bijkomend geattesteerd kan worden bij :1°  de verstrekkingen425014, 425036, 425051, 425412, 425434, 425456, 425810, 425832, 425854, 427696, 427711 en 427733;2°forfaitaire honoraria voor zwaar zorgafhankelijke patiënten (A, B en C) 425272, 425294, 425316, 425670,425692, 425714, 426075, 426090, 426112, 429096, 429111 en 429133;3°  forfaitaire honorariavoor palliatieve patiënten (PA, PB, PC and PP) 427011, 427033, 427055, 427173, 427070, 427092, 427114.427136, 427195 and 427151. § 2. The pseudocodes referred to in § 1 are the following 419252b. ) 419274 An additional amount in addition to a fixed amount a/forfait PA (W 0.637) 419296 additional amount in addition a fixed amount B/Fixed PB (W 0.776) 419311 additional amount in addition to a Free -Gedoitpc (W. referred to in § 1 are these for the week, the week and a public holiday and apply to the following places of provision: 1 ° in the residential or residence of the beneficiary in accordance with Article 8, § 1, 1 ° of the DeVoven-Avomated Nomenclature; 2 ° in the residential or the place of residence of the beneficiary during the week end or on a public holiday in accordance with art. 8, § 1, 2 ° of the aforementioned nomenclature; 3 ° in a recovery resort in accordance with Article 8, § 1, 3 ° of the aforementioned nomenclature; 4 ° in a temporary or definitive common residential or residence of the disabled in accordance with 8, § 1 , 3 ° bis of the aforementioned nomenclature. § 4. De pseudocode419252 kan enkel bijkomend geattesteerd worden bij de verstrekkingen 425014, 425036, 425051, 425412,425434, 425456, 425810, 425832, 425854, 427696, 427711, 427733, 427173 en 427195;De pseudocode419274 kan enkel bijkomend geattesteerd worden bij de verstrekkingen 425272, 425670, 426075, 429096,427055 en 427136;De pseudocode 419296 kan enkel bijkomend geattesteerd worden bij de verstrekkingen425294, 425692, 426090, 429111, 427033 en 427114;De pseudocode 419311 kan enkel bijkomend geattesteerdworden bij de verstrekkingen 425316, 425714, 426112 , 429133, 427011 and 427092. § 5. The pseudocodes referred to in § 1 are not included in the calculation of the daily ceiling that is laid down in art. 8, § 46 ° of the aforementioned nomenclature.art. 64. No personal share is due by the beneficiaries for the additional fees referred to in Article62.titel 6. - Labo Testenart. 65. In the context of the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemielegt, this decision: 1 ° the repayment of testing clinical biology with a view to detecting the SARS-COV-2 virus and with a view to detecting antigens of and anti -iDs the aforementioned virus; 2 ° the amounts of the personal share of the beneficiaries; 3 ° a prohibition on fee supplements on; 4 ° a prohibition on the application of tests to the application conditions to patients; 5 ° a temporary prohibition for the calculation of serological tests.art. 66. § 1. The tests of clinical biology die reimbursement are eligible with a rank number before the description of the provision. The description of each provision is followed by the key -letter B. That key letter comes before the coefficient number that the relative value of each provision. To determine the tariff, the b-value of Article 24bis of the Annex to the Royal Decree of 14 September1984 is determined to determine the nomenclature of medical benefits regarding compulsory insurance for medical care and benefits: 0.033434 Euro. The keyterter is a sign of which the value in Euro is determined by agreement. § 2. Tests of clinical biology1 ° molecular test554934-554945-detect at least the SARS-COV-2 virus-through means of a technique of molecular amplification. † † † † B14002 ° Antigentest554956-554960- Tracing antigens of the SARS-COV-2 virus. † † † † B500 § 3. Regulations: Development 554934-554945 and 554956-554960 can only be charged in the context of the COVID-19 Pandemie, for the indications that fall within the test guards at the time of the steel decrease, published the website of Sciensano or Exceptional if there is a clearly demonstrable clinical necessity with risk patients. Risk patients are patients who belong to one of the following groups:- with immune suppression or malignancy-- with an age older than 65 years-- with serious chronic lung, heart or kidney disease,- with a cardiovascular disease, arterial hypertension or diabetes. The benefits 554934 -554945 and 554956-554960 can only be charged to the steel an application form is added, which at least the following information contains with the clinical circumstances in which the test is requested:- identification patient and prescriber;- requested test;- or the test is done within The Testichondlijnendie at the time of steel decrease is published on the website of Sciensano;- or Detest is exceptional for clearly demonstrable clinical necessity in risk patients. DE-Writing Arts notes the clinical conditions in the medical file (symptoms, severity and starting of the relevant antecedents , already conducted investigations, contact m et contaminated persons). The application form must be stored under electronic form by the executive laboratory. The provisions 554934-554945 and 554956-554960 can only be charged if they are carried out in a laboratory that occurs at the time of steel quality decrease on the list of sciensano on the basis Safety standards and necessary epidemiological information flow from the executive laboratories. The benefits 554934-554945 and 554956-554960 are considered benefits for which the beaking of specialist for clinical biology is required. For the Period34-55 and Met with 22, and Met with 225 and Met with 225 and Met Met with 225 and Met with 225 and Met Met 22 may be able to do and 225 and Met Met 22 554956-554960 Each maximum 2DE 2DE PER RECEIGH IMAGE are charged. The fee for benefits 554934-554945 and 554956-554960 includes all costs associated with the test: the purchase material, Reagtentia, Investment, Investment, Investment, Investment, Investment, Investment, Investment, Investment, Investment, Investment, Investment, Investment, Investment, Investment, Investment, Investment, Investment, Protection material, transport costs, ... The results of the tests referred to in § 2 must be communicated to the Pidal Pidemiology of Sciensano. The provision 554934-554945 can not be charged after a positive result on an antigenent test via provision 554956-554960. The supplement 554956-554960 can only be charged if the type of test material was approved by the Fagg of Sciensano. If the antigent test, referred to in § 2, 2 °, produces a negative or doubtful result, a molecular test, referred to in § 2, 1 ° Performed. DEFERE STRY 554934-554945 and 554956-554960 can not be charged for the collective screening of asymptomatic residents of a residential collectivity (eg. Residential care center, residential center for people with disabilities, reception centersprison, ...) organized by and with the cooperation of the federal government and federated entities. § 4. Subscribe to the Laboratory that receives the samples it forwards to another analysis laboratory, will report the executive laboratory, charge to the mandatory insurance for medical delivery and also keep the application forms. The practical modalities between the two laboratories are regularly arranged via a Service Level Agreement between the two.Art. 67. No personal share is due by the beneficiaries for the benefits referred to in Article 66.Art.68. No supplements may be charged to the patient.art. 69. If the conditions stated in Article 66, § 3 are not filled, the tests referred to in Article 66, § 2 cannot be charged to the mandatory insurance for medical care, nor the patient. Art. 70. Serological tests For the term of the application of the Royal Decree of 17 March 2020 establishing a prohibition on the posting, commissioning and the use of fast tests for measuring or tracing antibodies with regard to the SARS-COV-2 virus , the investigation of antibodies against this aforementioned virus cannot be charged via the provisions 552016-552020 or 551655-551666 from Article 24 of the Annex to the Konzinklal Decree of 14 September 1984 establishing the nomenclature of the medical care for medical care and benefits. Serological tests carried out for the investigation of antibodies against the SARS-COV-2 virus (IGM, IGG or IGA) cannot be charged to the mandatory insurance for medical care, nor the patients. From the date determined by the King the aforementioned serological test under the condition n that he determines, only to the insurance are charged for the investigation testing on a list set up by Sciensano and for the target groups that he determines. Dexation basis of these tests corresponds to the value of 9.60 euros. The king can - for the categories of care providers he indicates and under the conditions that he sets - a temporary financial intervention provides the costs of special protection measures materials, in the context of the COVID -19 Pandemie. No amount can be charged to the entitled party by the care providers with regard to the costs of special protection measures materials, regardless of the Convention Statute.titel 8. - Final determining art. 72. DEMAGES ACCOUNTS ALSO SCHEMEN AT THIS REGION ALSO ALSO SUPPLY ALSO ALL ALSO ALL AT A DEPENTIVE AT THE KONING. The king can determine a different date for each measure.Art. 73. The Royal Decree of 27 March 2020 to stop the calendars that determine the periods for the implementation of the procedures to change the list of the reimbursable pharmaceutical specialties and of the list of the reimbursable implants and invasive medical devices as a result of the pandemic covid-19 is being lifted.art. 74. This decision has effect from 1 March 2020. The articles 4 to 29 of this Decree have elaboration with effect from March 14, 2020.ikel51, § 5, comes into effect on a date to be determined by the king. The articles 65 Toten with 70 have elaboration with effect from 1 March 2020, with the exception of Article 66, § 2.2 ° that has elaboration with effect from 1 April 2020. Article 71 of this Decree has elaboration with effect from 4 May 2020.Art. 75. The minister competent for social affairs is responsible for the implementation of this decision. Given in Brussels, 13 May 2020.Filip of King's wise: the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health, m. De BlockArt. 33. § 1. The switching care centers must be able to include the patients who are present in the following situations: 1 ° for a patient in which COVID-19 was detected who has no chronic condition, is self-reliant and is generally independent in His daily life, only daily monitoring of certain parameters is needed to detect any deterioration of his state.2 ° for a patient in which COVID-19 was detected and who is not very independent in daily life (disoriented, geriatric, with disabilities , Katz scale home nursing a, b or c, etc.) Whether that needs chronic care (wound care, insulin, etc.), must offer the switching care center framework that will enable him to be in addition to the daily retention of the parameters for any deterioration of his condition to be detected, the care of his dependency situation. 3 ° for a patient who generally autonomous, where COVID-19 was detected and which due to admission to the hospital is temporary rehabilitatievergnig needs (including after a long stay at a intensive care service) that are given in a home situation that is not possible due to the lack of the necessary equipment or due to the unsuitability of the home, a framework must be offered that will enable him to detect any deterioration of his condition in addition to the daily monitoring of the parameters, the care of the recovery process requires his recovery process. § 2. The inclusion in a switching care center is only possible, if the necessary equipment, the equipment and staff are available.art. 34. Detegoming for doctors referred to in Article 35 depends on the following assignments and conditions: 1 ° The allowance covers medical supervision and medical care by a group of doctors designated in consultation with the GP circle of the center of the center 2; ° for the follow -up of patients, the coordination of care and for the administration of medical care, in function of the care burden of patients in the center, the physical presence is organized by a doctor's challenge 8 hours a day for a group of 30 patients; 3 ° per additional disc of 15 patients can be added a maximum of 4 additional hours of physical presence of a doctor per day; 4 ° under the indicated doctors, agreements are made for availability during the evening and the night (5 pm - 8 am the next day) by one doctor; 5 ° The doctor connected to the center is responsible for prescribing care for the period that the patient is staying in the Schake lzorgcentrum; 6 ° the doctor connected to the center decides to have the patient return to hospitalize; 7 ° the doctor connected to the center decides to resign the patient, in consultation with the patient/general practitioner/other structures. In addition, the doctor also takes into account the dismissal criteria that are drawn up by Sciensano The framework of COVID-19 crisis; 8 ° Upon dismissal of the patient from the center, the arts unions transfer to the center to the patient's doctor.art. 35. For the assignments as provided for in Article 34, the following allowances apply: 1 ° for doors that a doctor can be called on between 5 pm and 8 a.m. the next day the next day is 6.51 euros per hour (availability of fees) . For each of those periods, maximum doctor can receive this fee. These hours are not registered in Medega. This allowance also cover the time for telephone consultations. This allowance is paid by the RIZIV to the Switch Care Center on the basis of a list of hours of availability per doctor; 2 ° for the physical presence in the Switching Center during the day and/or physical presence after calling between 17 hours In the evening and 8 o'clock in the morning the next day the allowance is 80.34 euros per hour; this allowance covers all benefits that are carried out during the presence in the Switch Care Center. This allowance is paid by the RIZIV to the Switching Center Basic of a list of the Number of hours performed per doctor in the center.3 ° times -hot stay of the patient in the Switch Care Center, the fees as referred to in Chapter2 of the Royal Decree of 14 September 1984 can determine the nomenclature of the medical provisions regarding mandatory insurance and benefits ni It is calculated.4 ° on the allowance referred to in 1 °, 2 ° and 3 ° no brake fee is due for the patient and he cannot be charged either supplements .Art. 36The allowance for nurses and health care experts as referred to in Article 37 depends on the following assignments and conditions: 1 ° follow -up of the parameters as referred to in Article 33, 24 hours a day at 24 o'clock 7 days out of 7; 2 ° providing care to patients, 24 hours a day and 7 days on 7; 3 ° The team of nurses and care experts is compiled on the basis of the availability that qualifications in the region; 4 ° the maximum number of financing full -time equivalents (VTE) is 6 per 30 patients under the age of 30, including 4 VTEs Nurses and 2 VTE health careists; 5 ° per additional disk of 15 patients can be added to the team's team, including 2 nurses and 1 healthcare, a person in charge of this team. For the assignments as provided for in Article 36, the following allowances apply: 1 °. The hourly allowance per actually performed hour of a nurse is 47.25 euros; 2 ° the allowance per actual work of a healthcare professional is 34.96 euros; 3 ° This allowance is paid by the RIZIV to the Switch Care Center on the basis of a list of the number of actually performed hours in the center, with a maximum of 228 hours per week (6 x 38 hours) per 30 patients. For each disk of 15 additional patients, a maximum of 114 hours can be added to this; 4 ° during the patient's stay in the switching care center, the benefits referred to in Article 8 of the Royal Decree of 14 September 1984 may not be charged; 5 ° on the benefits As referred to in 1 ° and 2 °, no brake fee is due for the patient and could not be charged either supplements.art. 38. With regard to the other care for the Patient Die, the following conditions apply to the application of this chapter: 1 ° With regard to degrees: these are electronically prescribed by the doctor at the center during the patient's stay in the center. For delivery and tariffing, the regular rules apply to the delivery to an outpatient patient by either the Hospital Pharmacy ofweldoor de Public Officina.2 ° What the care provided by a physiotherapist in a switching care center trait: this is reimbursed on the basis of maximum 1 individual Physiotherapy fitting per rightholder per day. This is charged to the patient's insurance institution via the pseudocode 518055, with a personal involvement of the physiotherapist per beneficiary with a global average duration of 30 minutes. The fee for that provision is 22.26 euros. There is no personal share nor supplement due by the beneficiaries for this provision. For the physiotherapeutic care provided during the residence of the entitled party in the Switching Center Mogen no benefits from Article 7 of the Annex to the Royal Decree of 14 September 1984 is charged.3 ° Contrary to Article 35, 3 °, which can, what the benefits in terms of mental health care concerns, the patient appeals to all possible existing structures, including the exceptional nomenclature in the context of COVID-19 for psychiatrists and the first-line psychologists inside the agreement with the RIZIV insurance committee for primary care psychological care.4 ° all other medical care can be reimbursed within the conditions that are determined in or in implementation of the law, unless with regard to the benefits as referred to in articles 34 and 36.Art.39. The allowances as referred to in Articles 35 and 37 are not due if it concerns doctors, nurses and/or care experts who are employed as a volunteer or who who are exemptions at an administration or an insurance institution. The allowances as referred to in Articles 35 and 37 do not apply For the hours that the doctors, nurses and/or health care professionals have been reimbursed by another allowance within the compulsory insurance. In addition, people were financed for the hours worked in the switching care centers by the budget of financial resources, by the flat-rate district health center or by a fixed rehabilitation institution. Insigned performance referred to in this chapter is granted to a righteous who is registered in one medical house, these services are charged to and charged by the compulsory insurance contracting Article 40 or by the insurance institution of the beneficiary in accordance with Article38, first paragraph, 2 °, and they are not transferred to the medical house for the industry. 35 and 37 do not apply if the cost is charged by another employer/institution/service/government.art. 40The allowances as intended in Articles 35 and 37 can be invoiced by the controller of the Schakelzorgcentrum, the service for medical care of the RIZIV in accordance with the invoicing instructions determined the leading official of that service. The payment is made on the account number that the Switch Care Center to the RIZIV is communicated.art. 41. The Schakelzorgcentrum records data in a central database that is organized at the FPS Public Health. This includes the identification of the patients, the referring institution, the recording dates The dismissal date and the destination after dismissal from the center. The personal data from the database and the recording date and the dismissal date are communicated weekly via the RIZIV to the National Intermutualist College that takes care of it The communication to every insurance institution involved.art.42. The health care practitioners employed in the Switch Care Center fall under the responsibility of the Switch Care Center. The Schakelzorgcentrum guarantees itself from the status regarding the necessary insurance policies regarding professional liability and occupational accident insurance.art.43. Only the switching care centers whose name and address, the date of opening/closure, the responsible person is published the RIZIV number on the RIZIV website, which have been informed of this publication that comply with the provisions of this chapter, are eligible for The allowances meant in this chapter. Chapter 2. - Triage and purchase center. 44. For the application of this decision, "triage and purchase center" is understood to mean: the center of primary care, specifically set up by general practitioners, hospitals and governments to physically examine patients referred by a doctor and who may be infected with COVID-19 and to take samples for testing with the eye on tracing Covid-19.Art. 45. § 1. The Institute has an identification number to each triage and purchase center that provides the following information via the address covid19@riziv-inami.fgov.be: 1 ° contact details; 2 ° start date of the activity; 3 ° one medical controller (name, e-mail, telephone); 4 ° one administrative contact person (name, e-mail, telephone); 5 ° the selection form, published on the website of the Institute, with which the account numbers are deposited on which the allowances are deposited. Of the passed data, immediately announced by e -mail. § 2. The list of triage and collection centers is published on the website of the Institute. § 3. The date of closure is immediately communicated to the Institute.art. 46. ​​§ 1. EELL Triage and decrease center that meets the definition of Article 44 can claim the following formators: 1 ° a one-off fixed allowance for the start-up of the triage and decrease center; 2 ° an allowance per physical examination of the patient who offers himself the center; 3 ° a flat-rate allowance for the coordination of the work in the triage and decrease center by a doctor, in function of the number of hours performed per day; 4 ° a fixed allowance for the nursing support in the triage and a decrease center, depending on the number of hours performed per day; 5 ° a fixed allowance for the administrative support in the triage and decrease center, in function of the number of performance doors per day. § 2. The allowances referred to in paragraph 1, 2 °, 3 °, 4 ° and 5 ° are owed at the earliest from March 23, 2020 or from the start date of the triage and purchase center, if it later falls. 47. § 1. The allowance referred to in Article 46, §1, 1 °, covers the activity of the doctors who have worked on the start of the triage and decrease center in the period prior to the opening and amounts to a maximum of 7,230.60 euros. The King determines modalities to calculate the amount per center and takes into account the number of residents of the number of participants in the region that is covered by the triage and purchase center.§ 2. The amount referred to in § 1 by the Institute On the specified account number of the triage and purchase center by means of the form referred to in Article 45, § 1, 6 ° .Art. 48. § 1. The allowance referred to in Article 46, § 1, 2 °, covers the following provisions: 101850 Research of the patient in a triage and purchase center with the eye triage covid-19,101813 examination of the patient in a triage And a collection center with a teog on Triage Covid-19 during weekends and public holidays. § 2. The provisions referred to in § 1 are indicated by a rank number before the description of the provision. Hethonorarium for the provision 101850 is 26.78 euros. The fee for the provision101813 is 39.98 euros. § 3There is no personal share for the patient for benefits 101850 and 101813. There are no fee supplements to be charged.art.49. § 1. The provisions 101850 and 101813 referred to in Article 48 can be charged Doelke Arts who works in a triage and purchase center via the collection statement referred to in Article 50. Other fulfillment options are not accepted. § 2. The benefits 101850 and 101813 intended in Article 48, carried out in a triage and purchase center for patients registered in a medical house, are charged to the insurance institution of each patient in accordance with the procedural edge in Article 50 and are not charged by the medical house of these patients.§ 3. The benefits 101850 and 101813 referred to in Article 48 may not be merged Methet Honorarium for consultation, a visit or advice referred to in Article 2 of the Annex Bij het Royal Decree of 14 September 1984 establishing The nomenclature of the medical provisions regarding mandatory insurance for medical care and benefits.§ 4. The benefits 101850 and 101813 referred to in Article 48 can only be charged once the patient per day.art. 50. § 1. The triage and decrease center prepares a weekly statement by the provisions referred to in Article 48 from Monday to Sunday. The model of the collection statement is worked out by the Institute and published on its website.§ 2. The compilation statements contain the the following data: 1 ° identification number of the triple and decrease center; 2 ° the date of each examination; 3 ° the identification Vanelke doctor (name, first name, RIZIV number); 4 ° the identification of each patient (insofa number or in the event of a lack thereof The name, first name and the date of birth). The collection statements are filled in by the medical responsible or the administrative contact person of the triage and purchasing centers transferred by one of them in electronic format (Excel, CSV or Access) to the address COVID19@Riziv-Inami. fgov.be.§ 3. The Institute bundles the collection states and delivers them through a secure electronic application to the National Intermutualist College (NIC) that they further divide t About the various insurance institutions Function of the Membership of the Patient. The Insurance Institutions Pay the Doctors On The already known account number or on the account number that the Triage and Decline Center has notified the selection form stated in Article 45, § 1, 6 °. Art. 51. § 1. The allowance intended in Article 46, § 1, 3 °, coordinates the medical coordinator, during doors that the triage and purchase center is opened. She is 80.34 euros per hour with a maximum of 12 hours per day, regardless of the number of coordinators. During the hours in which the doctor Coordinator ISMAG does not charge physical examinations. § 2. The allowance referred to in Article46, § 1, 4 °, covers the nursing support in the triage and decrease center, during doors that the center is open. It amounts to 47.25 euros per hour with a maximum of 12 hours of per day, Regardless of the number of nurses. § 3. The allowance referred to in Article46, § 1, 5 °, covers the administrative support in the triage and purchase center, during doors that the center is open. It amounts to 34.96 euros per hour with a maximum of 12 hours of per day, Regardless of the number of administrative assistants. § 4. The triage and purchase center can only claim the allowances referred to in §§ 2 and 3 insofar as the cost of the performed the hours is not yet covered by an allowance for medical care insurance. § 5. The King can provide a financial intervention for the acts determined by Hemte set in a triage and purchase center and determine the further rules for the dief-finance intervention. In that case, the king also determines the further rules according to which dief -financing intervention can be cumulated with other allowances from the compulsory insurance policies in particular the allowances in the context of this chapter. Art. 52. §1. The Triage and Drainage Center prepares a weekly statement with the activities of Monday tot and on Sunday, referred to in Article 51. The model of the collection statement is worked out by the institute and published on its website. § 2. The collective states contain the following data: 1 ° identification number of the triage and decrease center; 2 ° the date; 3 ° the identification of the coordinating doctor (name, first name and RIZIV number); 4 ° the number of hour of coordination, nurse and Administrative support. The collection statements by the medical controller or the administrative contact person of the triage and purchasing tentrums transferred by one of them in electronic format (Excel, CSV or Acces) at the address covid19@riziv-inami.fgov.be.§ 3The institute pays the allowance on the account number that the triage and purchase center has specified via the selection form stated in Article 45, § 1, 6 °. Chapter 3.- Weekwachtart. 53. The general practitioner watches who are financed on the basis of Article 22, 6 °, for ensuring medical permanence during the weekends, can expand their operation for the evenings and the nights of the week for a period of months, for the period That always in -between at 6 pm and ends at 8 am the next day.art. 54. The general practitioner's watchpost who wishes to apply for Article 53 submits an application for this to the leading official of the RIZIV service service, with the following minimal data:- the start date of the Weekwacht;- the mutual agreement between the guard post and the general practitioner circle or general practitioner's circles to organize the week watch in the guard post;- the opening hours- the guard organization: number of sitting and moving guardians;- the number of hours per week on which reception personnel is used-- number of hours per week on which an external transport company is engaged, the number Hours per week on additional administration and coordination- the commitment to accurately register the Weekwacht activity, both in terms of visits and the consultations, preferably split into two periods: from 6 to 11 pm and 11 to 8 am- the commitment to with to work on a coordinated evaluation of the operation and use of financial resources.art.55. § 1. The Department for Medical Care of the RIZIV checks whether the application referred to in Article 54 contains all minimum data. § 2. If the conditions intended in Article 54, the RIZIV pays an amount of 50,000 euros for the operation of the guard item during the periods referred to in Article 53 for a duration of three months, counting from the start date of the Weekwacht, on the bank account number that is used for financing the medical permanent times the weekends. § 3. The amount of 50,000 euros covers the totality of the performance costs of the waiting items during the week, in particular the infrastructure costs, the personnel costs in the broad significance, management costs and all IT and communication costs. The amount of 50,000 euros does not cover the consultations and the visits of the doctors in the context of the operation of the GPAWWEGTASTENTENTEMENTS. § 4. According to the modalities determined by the RIZIV medical provision service, the GP guard post will transfer a detailed financial report in the course of the first month after the three -month course. Only the expenses that are specifically stated by supporting documents are eligible for reimbursement within the amount of 50,000 euros. Within the month after the Medical Care Service has established the total amount of the acceptance costs, the GP watch post will return the balance to the Riziv.art.56. The Medical Care Service draws up an integrated report of the application of the articles 53 to 55 and submits the report to the National Committee Doctors -Ziekenfonds, the Budget Control Committee and the Insurance Committee.Titel 5. - Nursing Chapter1. - Follow-up and supervision in Patient with a COVID-19 Related problems. 57. § 1. The specific nursing benefits with regard to follow-up and the Supervision of patients with a COVID-19 Related problems are the following: 419333 Supplementary Supervision at home in patients with a COVID-19 Related problems, diagnosed by a doctor (W 2,946); 419355 Follow-up and supervision during the weekend or at home at home with a COVID-19 Related problems, diagnosed by a doctor (W 4.504); 419370 follow-up and supervision in a recovery resort in patients with a COVID-19 related problems, diagnosed under a doctor (W 2,946); 419392 Follow-up and supervision in a common residential or residence of disabled people in patients with a COVID-19 related problems, diagnosed by a doctor (W 2,946). The nurse is covering the nurse and the (in the special protection) material required To exercise this care in a medically responsible manner.§ 2. onto Follow -up and supervision is understood: 1 ° targeted observation of parameters (temperature, muscle pain, respiratory, RR, ...); 2 ° guiding the patient in preventation measures: use of protection materials, quarantine measures, ...; 3 ° guidance at oxygen administration (where appropriate) .Art. 58. § 1The patient referred to in Article57, § 1 concerns: 1 ° A patient who has been (presumably) infected or has been infected with Methet Covid-19 virus and becomes ill in one of the aforementioned places; 2 ° a patient who is (presumably) contaminated or contaminated or has been infected with the COVID-19 virus and that is returned to one of the aforementioned places from a triage and purchase center or switching care center; 3 ° a patient who is (presumably) infected or has been infected with the COVID-19 virus and after after Dismissal from the hospital that one of the aforementioned places returns; 4 ° a patient from whom the usual care network dropped out by the COVID19 measures and where the nurse is asked regularly to check important parameters and to supervise the general health condition. §2. Home is understood to mean the residential or residence of the beneficiary in accordance with Article8, § 1, 1 ° of the nomenclature. By home or holiday is understood by the entitled or residence of the beneficiary during the weekend or on a public holiday in accordance with article 8, § 1 , 2 ° of the nomenclature. By repairing is understood by a recovery-consecutive Article 8, § 1, 3 ° of the nomenclature. By common residential or residence of the disabled is understood a temporary or definitive common residential or residence of the disabled in accordance with Article 8, § 1, 3 ° bis of the nomenclature.art.59. § 1. The application rules regarding the benefits referred to in Article 57, § 1, are the following: 1 ° must be prescribed by a doctor: In urgent cases, this may be formulated orally formulated medical prescription provided that the doctor is written confirmation of the doctor in 6 months after the 6 months after the Start of the care; 2 ° may only be certified once per care day and include at least one visit to the patient during that day. Hereby a base provision may be charged once a day; 3 ° may not be cumulated on the same day, Careforfait A, B, C, PA, PB, PC or PP, nor with other technical nursing provisions. They may be cumulated with specific technical nurse benefits; 4 ° may not be cumulated on the same day with nursing provisions that are granted in the framework of a switching care center; 5 ° may be cumulated with the pseudocode 418913 for benefits made at the entitled party at home or in his residence in Well -Bepaalelandelijk; 6; ° fall under the provisions of art. 8, § 3 of the nomenclature of the medical benefits; 7 ° are included in the calculation of the daily ceiling that is laid down in art. 8, § 4 6 ° of the aforementioned nomenclature; 8 ° may be poorly granted and charged by a graduated nurse or equivalent, a midwife, or a nurse with a break. § 2. The COVID-19 Related problems must be documented in the patient's nursing file with, among other things, the content of the regulation. The competent control services. The nurse must report to the treating doctor once a week. This is possible in a patient discussion, by telephone or electronically. The precipitation of this reporting must be included in the nursing file.art.60. No personal share is due by the beneficiaries for the benefits referred to in Article 57, § 1.Art. 61. No fee supplements may be charged, if the nursing is not conventional. Caparator 2.-Valorization of nursing care during the COVID-19 Measures: Costs and use of protection material art.62. In the context of the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie, this decision records an additional amount that can be added to certain nursing benefits to guarantee the purchase and use of materials required to ensure adequate protection of patients and care provider.art.art .63. § 1. Het bijkomend bedrag bedoeld in artikel 62 wordt aangerekend via een pseudocode diemaximum eenmaal per verstrekking bijkomend geattesteerd kan worden bij :1°  de verstrekkingen425014, 425036, 425051, 425412, 425434, 425456, 425810, 425832, 425854, 427696, 427711 en 427733;2°forfaitaire honoraria voor zwaar zorgafhankelijke patiënten (A, B en C) 425272, 425294, 425316, 425670,425692, 425714, 426075, 426090, 426112, 429096, 429111 en 429133;3°  forfaitaire honorariavoor palliatieve patiënten (PA, PB, PC and PP) 427011, 427033, 427055, 427173, 427070, 427092, 427114.427136, 427195 and 427151. § 2The pseudocodes referred to in § 1 are the following419252bijkoming amount in addition to a basic provision/fixed pp (W 0.554) 419274 additional amount in addition to a fixed A/Forfait PA (W 0.637) 419296 in addition to the additional amount in addition. 0.776) 419311 additional amount in addition to a fixed amount C/Folderpc (W 1.109) § 3 The pseudocodes referred to in § 1 are the same for the week, the week and a public holiday and apply to the following places of provision: 1 ° in the residential or residence of the beneficiary in accordance with Article 8, § 1, 1 ° of the DeVoven mentioned nomenclature; 2 ° in the residential or place of residence of the beneficiary during the week end or on a holiday in accordance with art. 8, § 1, 2 ° of the aforementioned nomenclature; 3 ° in a recovery resort in accordance with Article 8, § 1, 3 ° of the aforementioned nomenclature; 4 ° in a temporary or definitive common residential or residence of the disabled in accordance with 8, § 1 , 3 ° bis of the aforementioned nomenclature. § 4. De pseudocode419252 kan enkel bijkomend geattesteerd worden bij de verstrekkingen 425014, 425036, 425051, 425412,425434, 425456, 425810, 425832, 425854, 427696, 427711, 427733, 427173 en 427195;De pseudocode419274 kan enkel bijkomend geattesteerd worden bij de verstrekkingen 425272, 425670, 426075, 429096,427055 en 427136;De pseudocode 419296 kan enkel bijkomend geattesteerd worden bij de verstrekkingen425294, 425692, 426090, 429111, 427033 en 427114;De pseudocode 419311 kan enkel bijkomend geattesteerdworden bij de verstrekkingen 425316, 425714, 426112 , 429133, 427011 and 427092. § 5. The pseudocodes referred to in § 1 are not included in the calculation of the daily ceiling that is laid down in art. 8, § 4, 6 ° of the aforementioned nomenclature.art. 64. No personal share is due by the beneficiaries for the additional fees referred to in Article62.titel 6. - Labo Testenart. 65. In the context of the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemielegt, this decision: 1 ° the repayment of testing clinical biology with a view to detecting the SARS-COV-2 virus and with a view to detecting antigens of and anti -iDs the aforementioned virus; 2 ° the amounts of the personal share of the beneficiaries; 3 ° a prohibition on fee supplements on; 4 ° a prohibition on the application of tests to the application conditions to patients; 5 ° a temporary prohibition for the calculation of serological tests.art. 66. § 1. The tests of clinical biology die reimbursement are eligible with a rank number before the description of the provision. The description of each provision is followed by the key -letter B. That key letter comes before the coefficient number that the relative value of each provision. To determine the tariff, the b-value of Article 24bis of the Annex to the Royal Decree of 14 September1984 is determined to determine the nomenclature of medical benefits regarding compulsory insurance for medical care and benefits: 0.033434 Euro. The keyterter is a sign of which the value in Euro is determined by agreement. § 2. Tests of clinical biology1 ° molecular test554934-554945-detect at least the SARS-COV-2 virus-through means of a technique of molecular amplification. † † † † B14002 ° Antigentest554956-554960- Tracing antigens of the SARS-COV-2 virus. † † † † B500 § 3. Regulations: Development 554934-554945 and 554956-554960 can only be charged in the context of the COVID-19 Pandemie, for the indications that fall within the test guards at the time of the steel decrease, published the website of Sciensano or Exceptional if there is a clearly demonstrable clinical necessity with risk patients. Risk patients are patients who belong to one of the following groups:- with immune suppression or malignancy-- with an age older than 65 years-- with serious chronic lung, heart or kidney disease,- with a cardiovascular disease, arterial hypertension or diabetes. The benefits 554934 -554945 and 554956-554960 can only be charged to the steel an application form is added, which at least the following information contains with the clinical circumstances in which the test is requested:- identification patient and prescriber;- requested test;- or the test is done within The Testichondlijnendie at the time of steel decrease is published on the website of Sciensano;- or Detest is exceptional for clearly demonstrable clinical necessity in risk patients. DE-Writing Arts notes the clinical conditions in the medical file (symptoms, severity and starting of the relevant antecedents , already conducted investigations, contact m he infected persons)The request form must be stored under the electronic form by the executive laboratory. Departments 554934-554945 and 554956-554960 can only be charged if they are performed in a laboratory that occurs at the time of steel rescue on the list of sciensano on the desiration, coverworthy forgia Information flow from the executive laboratories. The benefits 554934-554945 and 554956-554960 are considered beneficials for which the bogging in for clinical biology is required. For the Periodevan 1 March to 22 April, the benefits 554934-595 can be able to 2 Be charged per beneficiary. The fee for benefits 554934-554945 and 554956-554960 includes all costs associated with the test: the purchase material, equipment, reagentia, investment costs, quality assurance, personnel costs, supervision, protection material , transport costs, ... The results of the tests referred to in § 2 must be communicated to the Pidemiology of Sciensano. 554956-554960 can only be charged if the type of test material was approved by the FAGG or Sciensano. If the antigent test, referred to in § 2, 2 °, produces a negative or doubtful result, a molecular test, referred to in § 2, 1 ° . Departments 554934-554945 and 554956-554960 cannot be charged for the collective screening of asymptomatic residents of a residential collectivity (eg. Residential care center, residential center for people with disabilities, reception centers, prison, ...) organized by and with the cooperation of the federal government and federated entities. § 4. Subscribe to the Laboratory that receives the samples it forwards to another analysis laboratory, will report the executive laboratory, charge to the mandatory insurance for medical delivery and also keep the application forms. The practical modalities between the two laboratories are regularly arranged via a Service Level Agreement between the two.Art. 67. No personal share is due by the beneficiaries for the benefits referred to in Article 66.Art.68. No supplements may be charged to the patient.art. 69. If the conditions stated in Article 66, § 3 are not filled, the tests referred to in Article 66, § 2 cannot be charged to the mandatory insurance for medical care, nor the patient. Art. 70. Serological tests For the term of the application of the Royal Decree of 17 March 2020 establishing a prohibition on the posting, commissioning and the use of fast tests for measuring or tracing antibodies with regard to the SARS-COV-2 virus , the investigation of antibodies against this aforementioned virus cannot be charged via the provisions 552016-552020 or 551655-551666 from Article 24 of the Annex to the Konzinklal Decree of 14 September 1984 establishing the nomenclature of the medical care for medical care and benefits. Serological tests carried out for the investigation of antibodies against the SARS-COV-2 virus (IGM, IGG or IGA) cannot be charged to the mandatory insurance for medical care, nor the patients. From the date determined by the King the aforementioned serological test under the condition n that he determines, only to the insurance are charged for the investigation testing on a list set up by Sciensano and for the target groups that he determines. Dexation basis of these tests corresponds to the value of 9.60 euros. The king can - for the categories of care providers he indicates and under the conditions that he sets - a temporary financial intervention provides the costs of special protection measures materials, in the context of the COVID -19 Pandemie. No amount can be charged to the entitled party by the care providers with regard to the costs of special protection measures materials, regardless of the Convention Statute.titel 8. - Final determining art. 72. DEMAGES ACCOUNTS ALSO SCHEMEN AT THIS REGION ALSO ALSO SUPPLY ALSO ALL ALSO ALL AT A DEPENTIVE AT THE KONING. The king can determine a different date for each measure.Art. 73The Royal Decree of 27 March 2020 to stop the calendars that determine the periods for the implementation of the procedures to change the list of reimbursable pharmaceutical specialties and of the list of the reimbursable implants and invasive medical devices as a result of the pandememcovid-13 is canceled .Art. 74. This decision has effect from 1 March 2020. The articles 4 to 29 of this Decree have elaboration with effect from March 14, 2020.ikel51, § 5, comes into effect on a date to be determined by the king. The articles 65 Toten with 70 have elaboration with effect from 1 March 2020, with the exception of Article 66, § 2.2 ° that has elaboration with effect from 1 April 2020. Article 71 of this Decree has elaboration with effect from 4 May 2020.Art. 75. The minister competent for social affairs is responsible for the implementation of this decision. Given in Brussels, 13 May 2020.Filip of King's wise: the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health, m. De Block