Publication: 2021-01-06Numac: 2020044637 Flemish government18 December 2020.-Decision of the Flemish Government establishing measures with regard to employment contracts for students as a result of the outbreak of the COVID-19 virus, regarding the allowances in the context of The Family Policy Law Dit Decree is based on:- the Decree of 27 April 2018 regulating the allowances in the context of family policy, Article 8, § 2, second paragraph. Formwere formal requirements have been met:- The Finance Inspectorate has given advice on 5 November 2020.- The Council of State has advice 68,411/1 given on 10 December 2020, applying Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973. a request to change treatment submitted, motivated by the fact that this decision provides for an urgent measure that supports the heavily affected sectors during this coronacrisis. If we do this advice Submit the application for a treatment within 30 working days, the final approval of the Flemish Government will be able to be put on the earliest at the earliest in December. As long as this measure, which is elaborated from 1 October 2020 to be in accordance with the federal level taken at the federal level, is not finally approved and published, there is no legal certainty in terms of the right to family benefits for students who can now perform extra hours in the Healthcare sector or education where the need for extra manpower is topical is a problem. The present neutralization salvation for many students are an extra incentive to make an extra commitment during this crisis period to offer the necessary help and support in these sectors without losing their right to family benefits . It is important that this measure can have an effect as quickly as possible so that there is clarity for students about their right to family benefits and therefore no restraints among these students. Legal LadderiT decision is in line with the following legislation:- The decision of the Flemish Government of 5 October 2018 establishing dediverse qualities of the legal child and concerning the exemptions of the allocation conditions for the family benefits, the start amounts of birth and adoption and the universal participation surcharges;-the decision of the Flemish government of 30 April 2020 establishing measures as a result of the outbreak of the COVID-19 virus, with regard to the allowances in the context of the family policy. Initiativedemerdi decision is proposed by the Flemish Minister for Welfare, Public Health, Family and Poverty Raading. of the hourly standard an 475 hours in the context of employment contracts for students stated in Article 14, § 2, first paragraph, 1 °, Article 29, § 1, first paragraph, 1 °, and Article 41, first paragraph, 1 °, of the decision of the decision of The Flemish Government of 5 October 2018 establishing the various capacities of the Legal Child and concerning the exemptions of the granting conditions for the family benefits, the start -upsbirth and adoption and the universal participation allowances, the healthcare sector and the performance are taken into account in the performance that The aforementioned employment contract during the Periodevan 1 October 2020 to 31 March 2021 has been delivered. In the first paragraph, the Care Sector is understood to mean: the joint committees and the public healthcare institutions stated in Article 10, second member of the law of 4 November 2020 on various various Social measures under the COVID-19-Pandemie.art.2. This decision has effect from 1 October 2020.Art. 3. The Flemish Minister, competent for growing up, is responsible for the implementation of this decision.brussel, December 18, 2020.Deminister president of the Flemish Government, j. Jambonde Flemish Minister for Welfare, Public Health, Family and Poverty Reduction, W. BeveragePublication: 2021-01-04numac: 2020044714brussels-Capital Region23 December 2020.-Special powers decision of the Brussels-Capital Government No. 2020/050TOT change of the special powers decision of the Brussels-Capital Government No. 2020/010 of 30 April 2020 on NV Regional Investment Company for Brussels (GIMB) for the allocation of credits to certain companies in the catering sector or for its supply because of its COVID-19 health report to the Governmentop30 April 2020, the government has entrusted a delegated assignment to NV Regional Investment Company for Brussels for Brussels ) In order to grant loans against moderate interest rates to certain companies from the catering sector or supply companies, against the background of the crisis of the crisis by COVID-19S, it is necessary to deal with the delegated assignment sen, by:- Extending the target audience to all sectors, in addition to dehores sector, since particularly many sectors have been affected by the crisis;- to extend a minimum amount for the loans;- to extend the duration of the support measure. No additional financial resources for its implementation by the Production Articles 1 of the draft Decree Adjust the title of the original decision to grant the delegated assignment to. Articles 2 add a definition of "Brussels company". Articles 3 to 6 Extend the application area of the measure to all sectors. In view of the fact that the support measure falls under the De Minimis Regulation, it speaks for itself that the sectors that are excluded on the basis of the De Minimis Regulation will not be able to claim the credits (such as the companies active in primary land construction). The expansion of the scope of application has no influence on the loaner being assigned to the suppliers of the catering sector. There remains the condition that it is going to do companies that provide food or services to several Brussels catering establishments of application. For that reason, the definition of "Brussels hospitality company" in Article 1, 6 °, of the Decree No 2020/010 is also retained. Item 4 of the draft decision also records a minimum amount for the loans, in particular 75,000 euros. The introduction of this minimum amount is justified by the following considerations:- The scheme is intended for companies with more than 10 FTEs. The financial needs of these companies and the duration of the crisis seem to be in accordance with the determination of a minimum amount of 75,000 euros per Loan.- This Financial Product is a supplement to a loan scheme for companies with fewer than 10 VTEs set up at Brusocwerd and that will offer loans up to 100,000 euros. Other support schemes, such as the premiums, are also particularly suitable for small businesses.- The operating costs that are represented on the Gimbitiging only 1.25% of the budget provided for the loans. They are the bottom market standard. In this context, the time of staff must necessarily be optimized. Articles of the draft decision extends the duration of the support measure. The loans can be requested until December 31, 2021 and can be granted at the latest on 28 February 2022. Article8 of the draft grants the authority to change certain parameters of the measure by simply decision. The experience with previous support measures has shown that it is of Grootbelang that the government, even after the expiry of the special powers, can be able to adjust its flexibility retaining these measures. They relate to the current loans, as well as the applications that are being processed at the entry into force of the change. Including the advice of the Council of Stateerwerd asked to urgently issue this advice within a period of 5 working days. The Vanstate council issued advice 68,464 on December 17, 2020. That advice will be announced below. Indit Advies formulates the Council of State various comments. First of all, the Council (in Punt5) notes that the use, in Article 3 of the draft, of the word "certain" for the words "Brussels companies" can be misleading. The word 'certain' was therefore omitted from this article, but also from Article 1, that the preamble of the amended Decree replaces. The Council of State is also of the opinion that the justification for the introduction of a minimum amount of 75,000 euros the loans are not sufficient and must be supplemented with due observance of the principle of equalityThe justification of the minimum amount was worked out above. Article 8 of the draft in the amended Decree The provision that grants the government the power to change certain parameters of the measure in the ordinary decision. The Council of State is of the opinion that the words "even after the end of the special powers" are superfluous and the reader can mislead. Desalnette temin, we believe that this clarification of the scope of the provision in time is not superfluous, with Provided that it will of course be the parliament to determine how the Special Female Decree can be amended after the Parliament has ratified this decision by ordinance. This authorization is therefore clearly limited in time. In this article 8, a correction was made to take the collegial effect of the government into account, the Council Vanstate (in point 8) takes a deed of a proposal to supplement the transitional provision. This proposal was included in Article 9 of the draft of State, Department of Legislative Advice68.464/1 of 17 December 2020 on a draft of special powers decision of the Brussels -Capital Regulation No 2020/0NN `to the special Powder Decree of the Brussels main urban government no. 2020/010 of 30 April 2020 on a delegated assignment to the NV Regional Investment Company for Brussels (GIMB) for the allocation of credits to certain companies in the catering sector or for its supply because of its COVID-19 health crisis' on 10-December 2020 is the Council of State, Department of Legislation, by the Minister of the Brussels -Capital Regulation, charged with climate transition, Environment, Energy and Participative Democracy requested to provide advice within a period of five working days on a draft of special powers decision of the Brussels -Capital Government No. 2020/0NN `To change the special e Power decision of the Brussels-Capital Government No. 2020/010 of 30 April 2020 on a delegated assignment to the NV Regional Investment Company for Brussels (GIMB) for the granting of Credit Certain companies in the catering sector or for its supply because of its COVID-19Stitheid crisis The design was investigated by the Senate on December 14, 2020. The House was composed of Marnixvan Damme, Chamber President, Wilfried van Vaerenbergh and Wouter Pas, State Councils, Johan Put, Assessor, and Wim Gevents. The report was issued by Kristine BAMS, first auditor department head. The sewage between the French and the Dutch text of the advice has been checked under Supervision Vanmarnix Van Damme, Chamber President. The advice, the text of which follows below, was given on December 17, 2020.1. According to Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, the request for advice must be specified by the urgent nature of its emergency. Motivated as follows: "La Crise Sanitaire du Covid-19 A Un Impact Significatifsur L'ACTIVITé Économique de Nombruses Entresses à la Fois Directation et Indirectement, du fait desmes sanitaires imposées. Il este-doncese-doncesaire auxreementementmentement Afin de Les Protéger au maximum of the conséquences finances de la crise. Parmi un Largeéventail de Mesures d'Aide, Il Apparaît Nécessaire d'étendre l'Octroi de Crédits aux Entresses Bruxelloisesa-Delà Da-Delà Du-Delà Da-Delà Da-Delà Da-Delà Da-Delà Da-Delà Da-Delà Da-Delà Da-Delà Da-Delà Da-Delà Da-Delà Da-Delà Da-Delà qui a été mise and oeuvre à travers unemission déléguée à la srib. Tel Est l'Objet de l'rrêté Modificatif Soumis à votre exam ".2. Agreement Article 84, § 3, first paragraph, of the coordinated laws on the Council of State, the Legislation Division had to limit itself to the investigation of the competence of the Stellervan the action, of the legal basis, as well as whether the form requirements to be fulfilled is satisfied. The Public Prosecution Service submitted the Public Prosecution Service to the changes of the special POWS Decree of the Brussels -Capital Government No 2020/010 of 30 April2020 `concerning a delegated assignment to the NV Regional Investment Company for Brussels (GIMB) for the granting of credits to certain companies in the the Catering sector or for the supply of supply because of the COVID-19 health crisis'. The designed changes, among other things, hold a broadening of the recipients of the credits involved, since from now on not only the catering sector, but also Brussels companies outside the catering sector are eligible for lendingIn addition, a minimum amount for the loans is set, the reimbursement period is extended from five to seven years and the duration of the support measure is extended. Various authorization granted to the Brussels -Capital Government that also applies after the end of the special powers are also granted for the entry into force of the designed decision, a transitional arrangement is worked out. The intention is to have the designed scheme come into effect on the day of debating it in the Belgian Official Gazette.4. The designed changes can be found to be found in Article 2, § 1, of the ordinance of 23 November 2020 `to award special powers to the Brussels-Capital Government following the Health Crisists consequences of COVID-19 ', to which reference is made in the first Member of the preamble of the draft. The declaration of decree must, once adopted, in accordance with Article 3, § 1, of the aforementioned ordinance also be ratified within a period of six months that starts at the end of the periodevan special powers that are made by the ordinance regularly. If that does not happen within that period, the designed scheme is never deemed to have had to have been elaborated. Article 35. appears to the wording of the replacement phrase that will be inserted in Article 3, first paragraph, of the special powers decision to be changed, the refundable credits are granted To "certain" Brussels companies and the suppliers of the catering sector. The word "certain" is misleading Omdatermee the impression is given that only specific categories of companies will be eligible for the repayment bar credits and the question could arise which categories are and on the basis of which criteria they are recorded. Probably the sets of the design mean by the word "certain" to express that only those companies come for a refundable credit that meet the conditions stated in the designed decision. That the use of the word "certain" by the way It is superfluous, according to various other provisions of the draft in which reporting is made of "Brussels companies" and not "certain Brussels companies". The word "certain" ("certaines") is therefore best deleted in Article 3 of the design.artikel 46. The loan to be changed in Article 6, first paragraph, of the Loan to be amended will amount to at least 75,000 euros (Article 4, 2 °, according to the memorandum, this is the minimum amount to the members of the Brussels -Capital Government "to prevent the GIMB from being flooded by applications". The introduction of a minimum amount for the loans involved may be counted among the freedom of the design of the design. Not the determination of the amount of that amount may not happen arbitrary, but with due observance of the constitutional principle of equality. The latter implies that there must be a reasonable connection of proportionality between the means used and the intended purpose. Introducing a minimum amount of 75,000 euros can be deemed to be obvious in a reasonable manner justified the mere reference to the risk that the Gimb would be in danger of being overpowered, while the purpose of the measure must exist exactly to to absorb the socio-economic spaces of the COVID-19 Pandemie. The sets of the design will have to be able to support the choice of a minimum amount of 75,000 euros on another, better -based accountability, which is better tailored to the principle of equality. Article 87. In the introductory sense of the designed Article 14/1 of the Spreading Special Machts Decree, the phrase is "" , even after the end of the special powers, "at the same time superfluous and misleading. It can of course not be deduced from that phrase that the Brussels -capital government itself and unlimited over time can decide on the exercise of powers that have been granted by a special powers. Article 98. Article9 of the draft contains a transitional arrangement for beneficiaries of already before the Entry into force of the declared decree granted loans. However, the question arises as to whether or not a transitional arrangement required for loan applications that are pending at the time of the entry into force of the designed decision. This is requested for further explanation, the authorized representative informed the following: "Les quelquesmodissies aportées par le present d'rrêté vont dance La Direction d'An Assouplissement Desconditions: Élargissement du Champ des Bénéficiaires, Prolongation du Délai Maxim De Remipboursementet Prolongation de la Mesure Elle Même. Une Seule Exception à InstantaRation oloysdeWith regard to the hanging requests emanating from enterprises in the initial scope, it seems judicious, for the sake of safety and predictabilityjuridic predictability, not to apply the new floor amount. The other new conditions do not restrict their rights. Therefore, we could add to article 9 a 3rd paragraph written as follows: `(...) the loan request submitted by a Brussels Horeca company or by a supplier of the sectorhoreca who has not yet been the subject of a decision at the time of the entry into force of this decree is processed on the basis of the decree as modified by this decree, except that the amount of loan may be less than 75,000 euros'. which concerns the companies of which the request would have been rejected, nothing in the modified decree is opposed to that they submit a new request ". , 5 in 6 van het netwerp.2. Ook in het opschrift van Het havenwerp Wordthet Woord "Bepaalde" Het Best Geschrapt.23 December 2020. - Bijzondre Machtenbesluitvan de Brusselse Hoofstedelijke Regering Nr. 2020/050 Tot Wijziging Van Bijzondre HOOFDSTEDELIJKE REGERING NR. 2020/010 VAN 30 april 2020 betreffende een gedelegeerdeopdracht aan de nv Gewestelijke Investeringsmaatschappij voor Brussel (GIMB) voor de toekenning van kredietenaan bepaalde ondernemingen in de horecasector of voor de toelevering ervan vanwege de COVID-19-gezondheidscrisisDeBrusselse Hoofdstedelijke Regering,Gelet op de ordonnantie van 23 november 2020 tot Toekenningvan Bijzondere Machten aan De Brusselse Hoofstedelijke Regering Naar Aanleiding Van De GezondheidScrisenist Gevolge Van Covid-19, Artikel 2, § 1; Gelet op Het Bijzondere Machtenbesluit Vande Brusselse Hoofstedelijke Regering Nr. 2020/010 van 30 April 2020 Betreffende een Gedelegeerde opdrachtaan de nv gewestelijke investingsmaatschapi voor brussel (gimb) voor de toekenning van kredietenaan bepaalde ondernemingen in de horecasector of toelevering ervan vanwe Brusselse HOOFDSTEDELIJKE REGERING NR. 2020/046 van18 Juni 2020; Gelet op Artikel 2, § 3, 5 °, Van de Ordrenantie van 4 Oktuber 2018 Totinvoering van de Gelijkekansentest; Gelet op het Advies van de Inspector Van Financial, Gegevenop 24 November 2020; Gelet op het akkoord Van de Minister van Begroting, gegeven op 4 december2020;Gelet op het verzoek om spoedbehandeling, gemotiveerd door de voortdurende gezondheidscrisis,die zowel rechtstreeks als onrechtstreeks via de opgelegde veiligheidsmaatregelen een gevoelige impactheeft op de economische bedrijvigheid van veel ondernemingen;Dat het dus noodzakelijk is enblijft om SNEL in Te Spelen op de Noden Van De Getroffen Ondernemingen, Ten Einde Hun Zoveel Als Mogelijkte Vrijwaren Van de Finishle Gevolgen Van De Crisis; Dat, Als Deel Van Een Breed Gamma Aansteunmaatregelen, Het Nodig Blijkt Om de Toekenning Van Kredien Uit ONDERNEMIGNGENBUSEN ​​DE HORECASTECOR in DUUR VAN DE MAATREGEL TE VERLEGEN; Gelet op HET Advies 68.464/1van de RAAAD VAN State, Gegev In op 17 December 2020, Met Toepassing Van Artikel 84, § 1, Erstelid, 3 °, Van de Wetten op de raad van State, Gecoördineerd op 12 January 1973; overwegende Wet van 2 April 1962 betreffende de federal participate- gewestelijkeinvesteringsmaatschapijen, Artikelen 2, § 3, in 4, § 5; Overwegende Dat de Hierbovenuiteengezette Spoedendheid Het Niet Mogelijk Maakt Het Advies Van De Economische In Social Raad In Winnen, Zoals Toegelaten Door Artikel 2, Van Tot Toekenningvan Bijzondere Machten aan de Brusselse Hoofstedelijke Regering Naar Aanleiding Van De Gezondheidscrisenist Gevolge Van Covid-9; Op Voorstel van De Minister Van Economy; Na Beraadslaging, Besluit: Artikel 1. Het Opschrift van Bijzondre Machtenbe. 2020/010 van 30 april 2020 betreffende een gedelegeerde opdracht aan de nv GewestelijkeInvesteringsmaatschappij voor Brussel (GIMB) voor de toekenning van kredieten aan bepaalde ondernemingenin de horecasector of voor de toelevering ervan vanwege de COVID-19-gezondheidscrisis wordt vervangenals volgt:"Bijzondere machtenbesluit van de Brusselse HOOFDSTEDELIJKE REGERING NR. 2020/010BETREFENDE EEN GEDELEGERDE OPDRACHT AAN DE NV GEWESTELIJKE INVESTERINGSMAATSCHAPIJ VOOR BRUSSEL (GIMB) VOOR DE TOEKENNING VAN Kredieten aan Brusselse ONDERNEMGEN in Leveranciers van 2In Article 1 of the same decision, the provision under 6 ° /1 is inserted, reading: "6 ° /1 Brussels company: a company that has at least one location unit in the region, carries out an economic activity and has human resources and goods specifically for it her are intended; ". Art. 3. In Article 3, first paragraph, of the same decision, the words "to companies in the catering sector or for the delivery of this sector" are replaced by the words "to Brussels companies and the suppliers of the catering sector" .Art. 4. The following changes are made in Article 6 of the same decision: 1 ° in the first paragraph, 2 °, the words "Brussels catering establishments" are replaced by the words "Brussels companies" 2 ° the second paragraph is supplemented with the followingzin: "The Loan is at least 75,000 euros. "; 3 ° In the third paragraph, the number" 0 "is replaced by the number" 75,000 "; 4 ° In the fourth paragraph, the word" five "is replaced by the word" seven ".Art. 5. In Article 7, § 2, first and second paragraph, of the Zelfthuit, the words "Brussels hospitality companies" are replaced by the words "Brussels companies" .Art.6. In Article 8, third paragraph, of the same decision, the words "Brussels hospitality companies" are replaced by the words "Brussels companies" .Art. 7. The following changes are made to Article 12 of the same decision: 1 ° In the provision under 1 °, the words "28 February2021" are replaced by the words "" December 31, 2021 "; 2 ° in the determination under 2 ° are the words" " 30 April 2021 "Replaced by the words" 28 February 2022. "Art. 8. In the same decision, an Article 14/1 is inserted, reading:« Art. 14/1. The government is authorized to, even then the end of the special powers , by decision to change: 1 ° the interest rates referred to in Article 6, third paragraph; 2 ° the amount thresholds and ceilings referred to in Article 6, second paragraph; 3 ° the number of persons as referred to in Article 7, § 2, first paragraph, 1 °; 4 ° the calendar of the delegated assignment referred to in Article 12. ". Art. 9. The loans granted for the entry into force of this Decree for an amount of less than 75,000 euros remain valid. The beneficiaries of loans for the entry into force of this Decree may ask the GIMB to study an extension of the repayment period, without that that period may amount to more than seven years. The loan applications submitted by Brussels Horeca companies or suppliers of the catering sector on which this decision has not yet been taken at the time of the entry into force of this Decree are dealt with on the basis of the decision as amended by this decision, on the understanding That the loan can amount to less than 75,000 euros.art.10. This decision comes into effect on the day of its announcement in the Belgian Official Gazette.art.11. The Minister of Economy is charged with the implementation of this decision.brussel, 23 December2020. For the Brussels-Capital Government: the Prime Minister, R.Vervoorte Minister of Economy, a. Maronde Minister of Finance and Budget, S.GatzPublication: 2021-01-05numac: 202004715brussels-Capital Region17 December 2020.-Special powers decision of the Brussels-Capital Government No. 2020/047 on the granting of a trade lending loan to tenants in the context of the COVID-13 Health CRISIGAAN THE Government-Onderge OndE OndAnd setsongezondond support measure for the export both the trader and craftsmen - and in particular those who were forced by the application of the federal health rules to close their branches - and of the owners of commercial real estate that agree to the Payment of the rent on these goods to scold. The measure consists of a loan to the tenant for an amount that corresponds to one to four months of rent, including charges. The allocation of this loan, which is paid directly to the owner, depends on the condition that owner himself the payment of the rent, including charges, for a period of one to four -month -wue scheldt. The measure is intended to the liquidity problems of the Brussels traders -and craftsmen tenants and at the same time to offer the owners (landlords) of this buildings for certainty with regard to the payment of the rent at a time that the tenant with payment difficulties can be camps. general principles of the measure. The granting of the loans is delegated to the Minister of Economy, who can further delegate this authority. Giving the loans is limited to the available budget, in particular 27 million euros. The credits cannot be re -used for the granting of successive loans. Article 3 determines the conditions that the tenant must meet. For example, the tenant is a company within the meaning of the Economic Law Code: "(...) Company: each of the following organizations: (a) Every person who independently carries out a professional activity; (b) every legal person; (c) any other Organization without legal personality. Not the foregoing are companies, except to the extent that otherwise stipulated in the following books or other legal provisions that provide for such application: (a) every organization without legal personality that does not have a benefit objective and that actually does not make any benefits to its members or consultants who exert a decisive influence on the policy of the organization; (b) Elkeper public law legal person who does not offer goods or services on a market; (c) defederal state, the regions, the communities, the provinces, the assistance zones, the pre -zones, Debussel agglomeration, the municipalities, the multi -municipality zones, the inner municipalities he territorial bodies, the French Community Commission, the Flemish Community Commission, the common Community Commissions The Public Centers for Social Welfare (...) ". In addition, the tenant must have a building rental in the Region since at least March 18, 2020 (the date of the first lockdown) , having mainly destined to drive its trade or artisanal activity, have an active unit of establishment and on the same date have no backlog in the rental payments. There is no condition with regard to the mandatory closure of the trading property. Since March 2020, various health measures have been taken so that companies that do not suffer a turnover loss are in accordance with health crisis in the minority, even among the companies that never had to close on pain of and -seal. With this, the trade lending loan can also benefit traders and craftsmanships, although not obliged to close, they do suffer from the economic consequences of the health measures. The trade rental loan cannot be used for lease -agreement with regional public landlords for whom the government has decided to make the Rental money Suspends (Article 4). This exclusion includes Citydev, the Port of Brussels, the public -farm centers and the regional incubators. The tenant must have a registered trade rental contract (or a similar legal structure where, for a fee, a commercial property is made available such as leasehold, usufruct, building , Brewery contract incl. Operation of a building) for the building for which the loan is requested. In memory, this property must be in the Brussels -Capital Region. Between the company (as a tenant) and the landlord is concluded a voluntary agreementThe landlord scolds the payment of one to four months of the rent, including charges, in exchange for the payment of the amount of a loan that corresponds to one to four months of rent, including costs. If a landlord and month of rent removes the loan, the loan can cover a maximum of two months. If a landlord removes at least two months of rent, the loan can cover up to four months. The credit of max. 35,000 euros is granted for a period of two years and must be repaid corresponding to 18 months. After all, the repayments of both capital and interest have to start for 6 months. The interest amounts to 2% per year. One of the same tenant can have multiple trade lending loans, based on agreements with one or more landlords, but the cumulated amount of Alleleningen to the same tenant may not be higher than 35,000 euros. The application for this scheme - which will be completely digital Expired - will be determined on the basis of a model agreement between the tenant and landlord and a statement on honor. The final submission date of the applications is laid down on 30 June 2021, with an extreme payment on December 31, 2021. The measure will therefore be extended on December 31, 2023 (subject to any current disputes), in view of the payment period of 2 years. The trade rental loans are granted in the framework of the European de-minimis regulation.artikel15 of the draft decision determines the categories of personal data that can be processed, the purposes of the processing, the controllers and the retention period. Article 16 of the design decision contains some general exclusion cases, which are largely determined to the fall. In the premiums in the context of COVID-19.Ten to take into account the duty nature of the special powers and that it could be necessary to adjust this measure in the future, Article 18 provides for an authorization for the government to, With ordinary decision, an exhaustive number of elements of n to adjust the measure. Consideration of the Advice of the Council of Statedit Advies was requested within a period of five working days. The Council of State granted its advice 68,423 on December 11, 2020. It is shown below. Indit Advies has formulated various comments. Firstly, the Council quotes (point 4.5) that the region can count on its authority on economic policy to increase this measure. This interpretation coincides with that of the government. The Council is then of the opinion (points 5.1 to 5.3) that the condition that the hilling company has an active location unit at the territory of the Brussels -Capital Region and the condition that that company rents at least a trading area On the same territory, the same building must not have anyone limitation in the free movement of services and capital that is not existable to withhold with article 6, § 1, VI, third paragraph, of the special law of 8 August 1980. The design erard adjusted in that sense. By the way, this was already the initial objective of the author. In addition, the Council of State on (point 5.3) that the requirement that the tenant has in that branch unit of human resources and goods that are specifically intended for him is not existable with the free traffic of goods And people. This requirement was therefore deleted from Article 3. The Council Vanstate is of the opinion (point 7) that the definition of the commercial lending loan provides more confusion than vice versa. In view of the content of Article 2, that definition can be deleted. Article 12 stipulates that the loan is paid out on a Belgian current account in the name of the lessor. Deraad van State does not consider itself able to examine the restriction to a Belgian bank account does not stand tense with European law principles such as those concerning free traffic. 9 of the Advice. Advice of the Economic and Social Council (Brempartners) and the Data Protection Authority Derity asked Brarters to issue emergency advice. This advice was issued on December 11, 2020, subject to approval at its next plenary meeting. With regard to this advice, the following should be noted. The loan was initially limited to a amount of 25,000 euros. Brartners wonders whether this amount will be sufficient, in view of dehoge rental prices in Brussels. Brartners reminds that in the Flemish Region the ceiling was increased 60,000 euros with a loan of a maximum of 4 months rent. The ceiling was based on the proposal of the National Bank and UCM/Unizo. According to our estimate, a monthly rent fromur 12500 including costs corresponds to the top segment of the rental range. With a view to the new -required closing period for a majority of the stores, it has been decided to also transfer a loan for a maximum of 4 months of rent and to increase the loan ceiling per tenant to 35,000 euros. This new ceiling has been established with special attention to the financial risk For the region's fact that the decision serves as a legal basis for the processing of personal data, the compulsory advice from the Data Protection Authority (GBA) was also requested, with a request to issue an emergency advice within a period of 15 days. The GBA has on 15 December 2020 Advies137/2020. All comments from the GBA about the text of the Decree have given rise to adjustments, with exceptions of its recommendation (in points 39 and 40 of the advice) to replace the aforementioned lease agreements with the identification data of Department in the lease agreements. This recommendation cannot be followed, since it is certainly useful to state their official reference for registered lease agreements in Article 6 provided for in Article 6 that will form an appendix to the lease. However, Article6 is supplemented in the light of the proposal of the GBA. The State Secretary for the Economic Transition, Barabara Tranwerkraad of State Department Legislation Advice 68,423/3 of 11 December 2020 on a draft of special powers decision of the Brussels -Capital Government No. 2020/NNN `concerning the grant From a trade lending loan tenants in the context of the COVID-19 health crisis on December 4, 2020, the Council of State, Department of Legislation, by the Minister of the Brussels-Capital Government, is charged with climate transition, Environment, Energy and Participative Democracy within a period of five working days, provide an advisory person on a draft of Speceal -Facade Decree of the Brussels -Capital Government. 2020/NNN `concerning the granting of a trade lending to tenants in the context of the COVID-19 health crisis. The design was examined by the Third Chamber on December 10, 2020. The House was composed of Jo Baert, Chamber President, Jeroen van Nieuwenhove and Koen Muylle, State Councils, and Annemie Goossens, clerk. The report was issued by Githa Scheppers, first auditor. The agreement between the Franseen The Dutch text of the advice was checked under the supervision of Koen Muylle, State Council. The advice of which follows below, was given on December 11, 2020.*1. According to Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 2 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, the request for advice must be given to support its emergency. spoedbehandeling gemotiveerd als volgt:"La crisesanitaire du COVID-19 a des conséquences économiques considérables pour beaucoup d'entreprises (...)à la fois directement et indirectement, par les mesures de sécurité imposées. Il existe un risque aigude problèmes de liquidité ou The solvabilité des Locataires et des Bailleurs qui de conclu un bail commercial, au sens Large, à la suite de la crise sanitaire du covid-19. Les Locataires d'Un bien sité dans la régionde bruxelles-capital qui subissent une perte de chiffre 'Affairs and Raison de la Crise Sanitaire Ducovid-19-19 Doivent Donc être Soutenus Finance, Tout and Ayant Égard Aux Intérêts des Bailleurs. Enéchange d'Une Renonciation Partielle du Montant du Lover Dû, CE Disposi TIF offre au bailleur une guaranteeing pour un maximum de deux mois de loyer du bail commercial relatif à un bien sité dans Larégion de Bruxelles-capitale. Quant à la Liquidité du Locataire, ELLE Est zoutenue par un Régime d'Avancessous la Forme d'on crédit utin de Pouvoir Payer Deux Deux de Loyer au Maximum, Avec un Maximum the 25,000euros. II ii convient que les prêts pussent être octroyés cette année 2020 Encore. "According to Article84, § 1, second paragraph, of the laws on the Council of State, the motivation for the request for urgency in the request for advice, is verbal in the preamble. This case does not correspond to demotivation that is displayed in the penultimate member of the preamble of the draft, with the statement of reasons in the request for advice, which will have to be remedied.2. In accordance with Article84, § 3, first paragraph, of the laws on the council of State, the Legislation Department had to restrict itself to investigate the authority of the author of the action, of the legal basis, as well as the question of whether the formal requirements to be fulfilled has been met. Making the draft 3The draft of the Special Feat Decree of the Brussels -Capital Government Stretch submitted for advice to provide for a system of commercial rental loans, which are two months of rent per trading building, including charges (Article 7 of the draft). For the granting of the loan, among other things, the lessor of the Trading Plope in question is removed one or two months of rent, including charges (Article 6, third paragraph, 2 °). The minister is authorized for the economy authorized to know the commercial rental loan to know ( Article 2) and the conditions for the allocation of the commercial lending are determined (Articles 3 to 6). The amount and the repayment of the commercial lending loan are regulated (Articles 7 and 8), as well as the procedure for the application and award of the loan (Articles 9 to 15). Furthermore, the cases in which a tenant is not eligible for the loan or he has to repay them early (Articles 16 and 17). The Brussels -headstone Government (hereinafter: the Government) is authorized to, even after the end of the special powers, the designed regulation to be changed on a number of points (Article 18) and the decision to be taken of the decision to be taken is regulated (Article 19). Power 4.1. Pursuant to Article 6, § 1, VI, first paragraph, 7 °, of the Special Law of 8 August 1980 `to reform the institutions', the regions are competent for" the specific rules concerning trade rental ". It can also be given that matter that also includes the authority to provide for a system of commercial rental loans, as determined in the designed regulation.4.2. In order to be able to appeal to that authority, however, there must be a trade rent within the meaning of the aforementioned Article 6, § 1, VI, first paragraph, 7 °, of the special law of 8 August 1980. In advice 53.932 /AV of 27 August 2013, the Council of State, the Legislation Division, noted in this regard: "It is the deployment of the special legislator to transfer the totality of the specific regulations to the regions with this amendment of the law. Rules concerning trade rental forms currently Section IIbis of Book III, Title VIII, Chapter II of the Civil Code, with the inscription `Rules concerning the trade rental in particular ', which department has been inserted by the law of 30 April 1951` on the trade rental agreements In view of the protection of the trade fund, the intention of the petitioners of the proposal is to bear the entire authority on commercial lease agreements on to d The regions, it is important to know the exact scope of that concept. The concept of commercial lease agreements is now defined in Article 1 of the aforementioned law of 30 April 19511 as follows: `The rent of immovable property or parts of real estate agenda, or explicitly or tacit from the tenant's engagement, either under an expression of the parties in the course of the rent, the tenant or a main proceedings are used by a retailer or for the company of a craftsmandie in direct contact with The public. This provision defines the scope area of ​​the concept of 'commercial rental', it defends the transfer of authority that Article 17 of the proposal of special law aims to establish. The attention of the special legislator is based on the fact that the scope of the concept of trading rental, as it results from HE The aforementioned Article 1 of the aforementioned law of 30 April 1951, the Court of Appeal of the Court of Appeal is thus interpreted that, so that a commercial rental can be said, the requirement that the tenant "mainly gives his performance in minor". This definition The concept of commercial rental also includes the cinema and theater companies, the garage owners, the watchmakers, the hairdressers, the hotel holders, as well as the landlords of cars, bicycles, playing and entertainment, for example, not the storage rooms for stock, the office buildings of companies or further places Where the tenant only maintains contacts with a limited and closed clientel (and not with the public). The practitioners of an independent profession that do not practice trading activities, such as lawyers, now fall outside the scope of the Trade Rental Act. Notaries or lawyers who rent a building in which their office is housed are not under the application of the Trade Rental Act, but they fall under the common rental law, which is regulated in the articles 1714 and following of the Dutch Civil Code, and that a federal competence stays. Self -entitled to the majority of the medical professions and the non -profit associationsHowever, the question arises as to whether the proposed dividing line between the trade rental agreements, which authority will be transferred to the regions, and on the other hand the common law rental agreements, which will remain a federal authority, is in line with the objective of the special legislator, which exists in the regions the authority to transfer rental agreements, in order to facilitate Hunkreep on the economic level. The explanatory notes to the Proposal Act, although in general states that, in the transfer of matters by the Special Act, `[D] e current content of legislative And regulatory texts can be lifted, supplemented, changed or replaced. " From this point of view, it will be possible to issue special rules for rental agreements that currently fall outside the scope of federal legislation on trade rental, insofar as they meet the generic understanding of the transferred affiliation 'trade rental'. On the other hand, it is doubtful whether the rent outside the traditional atmosphere of the (small) acts the craftses, which is also associated with an economic activity (for example: liberal professions, medical sector, non-profit sector companies) can be deemed within the. Regions transferred authority to fall on 'commercial rent'. "4.3. In Article 5.3 °, the draft stipulates that, in order to be eligible for the commercial lending loan, the lease agreement of the following forms must take:" a) a registered person commercial rent agreement as intended in Book III, Title VIII, Chapter IIbis, of the Dutch Civil Code; b) a short -term trade rental as referred to in the [read: de] ordinance of 25 April 2019 in short -term trading rent; c) a one other legal structure whereby a trade premises or several trading buildings are made available for a reimbursement, such as leasehold, building, usufruct, or brewery contract, including the provision of one or more trading properties. "Ten to see the cases specified in Article 5, 3 °, a) and b) can be assumed that it concerns cases of commercial rental within the meaning of the aforementioned Article 6, § 1, VI, first paragraph, 7 °, of the special law of 8 August 1980. That is less obvious for the cases referred to in Article 5, 3 °, c) of the draft. That provision shows that it is a different legal structure than the commercial rent.4.4. As the Council of State has noticed in the cited advice 53,932/AVT, the regions "special rules [can issue] for lease agreement now fall outside the scope of federal legislation on commercial rental, insofar as they meet the generic understanding of the transferred affair` commercial rental "". During the discussion of what the special law of 6 January 2014 became "with regard to the sixth state reform", the competent State Secretary stated that "the transfer is a little further than the Trade Renting Act of 1951". assuming that brewery contracts, for the part, relates to the rental of the property intended for catering activities, can be seen as a form of commercial rental within the meaning of Article 6, § 1, VI, first paragraph, 7 °, of the Special law of 8 August 1980. However, the foregoing does not apply to the also in Article 5, 3 °, c), of the O ntwerp mentioned rights of leasehold, building and usufruct. Those immers business rights, in contrast to commercial rental, that forms a personal right. The regulation of the law of leasehold, building and usufruct therefore does not belong to the competence of the regions in the specific rules regarding trade rent.4.5. Insofar as the designed regulation relationship has on "another legal structure" that cannot be considered a form of commercial rental within the meaning of Article 6, § 1, VI, first paragraph, 7 °, of the special law of 8 August1980, however An appeal is made to the authority of the regions regarding economic policy (Article 6, § 1, VI, first paragraph, 1 °, of the special law of 8 August 1980). In those cases, the trading lending loan is considered a form of support for companies that exercise economic duty, for which the regions are in principle competent.5.1In Article 6, § 1, vi, third paragraph, of the special law of 8 August 1980, it is stipulated that the regions are conducting their powers with due observance of the principles of the free movement of persons, goods, services and capital and of freedom of trade and industry, as well as taking into account the general normative framework of the Economic Union and the monetary unity, as stated by or pursuant to the law, and by or pursuant to the international treaties. This power limit fees in a general manner, so not only for the regional authority cited in comment 4.5 the economic policy, but also for the regional authority cited in comment 4.1 the specific rules concerning the trade rent. In the light of this, questions required the tenant about An active location unit has on the territory of the Brussels -capital region that, at the time of the loan application, registered in the intersection bank of Enterprise, performs an economic activity in the region and has human resources specifically intended for him. 5.2. According to the authorized representative, a branch is meant by one -active location "where an activity is effectively performed. Empty sites or mailbox addresses would therefore not be eligible. It is not the intention to exclude the branches of the corona measures." The The tenant has an active location unit on the territory of the Brussels -Capital West, however, distinguishes in the draft from the requirement that a tenant rental one or more trading premises that are located in the Brussels -Capital Region. Consequently, a tenant can do the trade lending lendies for a trading building in the Brussels -Capital Region in which there is no activity, provided that he also has an active location unit on the territory of the Brussels -Capital West. On the other hand, if a tenant rental a commercial property rental the Brussels -Capital Region without exercising activities in it, and he does not have one -active location unit in that region, he could not enjoy the trade lease loan. In so far a tenant of a regional region in Brussels located trading building in which no activity is carried out, in this way it would also be required to set up an active unit of establishment on the territory of the Brussels -Capital Region, the designed regulation and restriction of the free movement of services and capital that is not existing with Article 6 , § 1, VI, third paragraph, of the special law of 8 August 1980.5.3. However, it can be deduced from the answer of the authorized representative that it is rather the intention that economic activity is being held in the rented property. In that case, the aforementioned problem does not arise because a company that lives outside the Brussels -Capital Region that hires a trading building in that region can also enjoy the trade rental loan, insofar as there is only an economic activity in it. The design must therefore be adjusted in that sense. In addition, the requirement that the tenant in that location unit has about human resources and goods that specifically intended for him must be omitted because it cannot be existable with the free movement of goods and persons. After all, it cannot be excluded that the rent relates to a commercial property where there is no personnel, or at least not permanent, as is the case in gas stations or laundry salons. It is also sufficient to meet an economic activity to meet the objective.rechts Grond6.1. The designed decision finds legal basis in article 2 of the ordinance of 23 November 2020 `to the granting of special powers to the Brussels-capital government following the health crisis as a result of COVID-19 '. In that provision, the government is authorized, among other things, to prevent and tackle the following, among other things, under the threat of serious danger, any situation that is strict framework of the COVID-19 Pandemie and its consequences, among other things, on the following areas: "(...)- The adjustment of welcomes with regard to domains on which the crisis has an impact and which fall under the regional powers- tackling the socio-economic consequences of the pandemic" .6.2. The aforementioned authorization applies two months from The day on which it comes into effect, being until January 25 ,2021. In Article 18 of the Decree designed, the government is authorized to change the designed regulation on a number of points even after the special powers, even after the special powersAfter January 25, 2021, Article 2 of the Ordinance of 23 November 2020, however, no longer offers a legal basis for the decision -making person to take the government to implement that provision. Article 18 of the Decree designed can be able to offer well -to -do ground for those decisions, but only after the ordinance provider has confirmed the ordinance of 23 November 2020 in accordance with article 3, § 1 of the ordinance. The designed decision contained authorization will therefore have to be ensured that the decision to be taken will be set as soon as possible after January 25, 2021 and that the government, as long as this did not happen, will not take decisions of Article 18 after that date. Investigation of the text article 17. According to Article 1, 5 °, of the draft, in the decision to be taken by Trade Renting loan "the loan granted to the tenant with a view to payment, by the tenant, by the tenant of the landlord the landlord ". That very general description does not detect the requirements that are further on the design to enjoy the trade rental loan. In this regard for explanation requested, declared authorized representative: "The constitutive elements of the commercial lending are mainly described in Articles 7 and 8. The definition determined in Article 1, 5 °, aims to promote the readability of the decision." The aforementioned definition However, is such a lacunar that rather confusion is about the scope designed. It must therefore be supplemented whether it is omitted. Article 88. In Article 8, third paragraph, of the draft, it is determined that the trade rental loan for the tenant forms a "quasi-own assets". au loyer commercialune dette subordonnée pour l'empunteur, c'est-à-dire une dette au rank le plus bass. grâce à cette propriété, il est plus facile pour le commerant ou l'artisan, s'il and Éprouve le le Besoin, the Contractor Autre Emprunt Auprès d'Ur organism Financier Classique: CET Organism Est Rassuré Par La Certitudede Passer Avec La Région Dans Le Partage de l'Actif and Cas de Cessation d'Activité, Par Exemple. "Entra (ou à l'indépendant) Emprunteuse." Article129. Article 12 of the draft stipulates that the amount of the loan is paid on a Belgian current account of the landlord. The Council of State, Division Act, has a similar requirement recently noted the following: "11. In Article 8 of the design, it is determined That the aid is settled in a single disk "on a Belgian current account of the beneficiary". The authorized representative was asked why a Belgian bank account number is opted for for the restriction sum and is therefore excluded from, for example, a `Internationalbank account Number '(IBAN ). The representative answered this question as follows: `The choice of Voorbelgic bank accounts finds its origin in a concern to automate as much as possible the treatments The payment of the files. A Belgian bank account number has the same number of numbers and there is also a control mechanism that allows you to check that the account number Effective exists. This is not always the case for bank account numbers of other countries. It is important in this regard to remember that this support measure is part of a larger package of measures, as a result of which the administration has been dealing with very short periods of tens of thousands of support since March 2020. A second reason for this requirement is to reduce the risk of fraudulent applications. A similar provision was included in the special Powers Decree of the Brussels-Capital Government No. 2020/015 of 7 April 2020 on the support of the COVID-19 health crisis to compensate for the companies active in The primary production pan of agricultural products and the aquaculture in the field of nutrition, Article 9. The latter decision has been registered with the European Commission in the context of the temporary framework scheme for COVID-19 and the Commission has made no comments on this point. The implementation of these schemes has also not submitted any problems in connection with this requirement for a Belgian bank account. With European law principles such as those on free traffic. The Council of State, the legislation department, does not have the necessary factual and technical data in that regard to, within the short period of time of this request for advice, to form a sufficient based on this. "The same applies. For Article 12 of the draftDe Registrar, the Chairman, Annemie Goossens Jo Baert ________catios1 Footnote63 of the advice cited: see in particular Cass., 22 February 1980, Arr. Cass. 1979-1980, I, 753-756.2 Footnoot 64 of the advice cited: see Parl for all the cited examples. St. Kamer, 1950-1951, nr. 124, 4 (Report on behalf of the Chamber's Economic Affairs Committee on the bill that advised the aforementioned law of 30 April 1951) .3 Footnote 65 of the quoted advice: see in that regard the explanation of the present proposal of special Law (Parl. St.SENAAT 2012-2013, 5-2232/1, 95). An analogy provides for the proposal of special law in the transfer to the regions of the special rules regarding lease and fiddling, with a view to an "effective agricultural policy" (explanation, loc. Cit., P. 87). Adv.RvS 53.932/AV of 27 August 2013 agreed that led to the special law of 6 January 2014 `With regard to the sixth state reform ', comment 2 by Article 17, Parl.st. Senate 2012-13, no. 5-2232/3 29-30. 5. Report on the behalf of the Commission for Institutional Affairs, Parl.st. Senate 2012-13, no. 5-2232/5, 311.6. Regarding that requirement: see ADV.RVS 67,554/1 of 12 June 2020 on a draft that led to the special powers decision of the Brussels -Capital Government No. 2020/042 of 18 June 2020` relevant the support of the creative and cultural institutions without profit-making the urgent measures to limit the spread of the COVID-19 virus', comment 4.1.7. Article 3, 2 °, of the design. 8. Articles 3, 3 °, and 5, 1 °, of the design.9. Article 4 of the ordinance of 23 November 2020.10. The ordinance of 23 November 2020is, in accordance with Article 5 of it, entered into force on the day of its announcement in the Belgian State magazine of 25 November 2020. 11. The stipulation that this must be done by decision approved consultation in the Council of Ministers is superfluous, since from Article 69 of the Special Law of 8 August1980 already argues that the government deliberates 12. ADV.RVS 68,214/1 of 9 November2020 on a draft that led to the decision of the Brussels -Capital Government of 12 November 2020 `concerning support to the Eeth - and beverage facilities in the context of the Unity crisis COVID-19 '; See also Adv.RvS 67.277/3 of 27 April 2020 on a draft that has conducted the special POWS Decree of the Brussels-Capital Government No. 2020/015 of 7 May 2020` relevant support in the context of the COVID-19 health crisis to compensation of the companies inactive in the primary production of agricultural products and the aquaculture in the field of food ', comment18; Adv.RvS 67.457/3 of 28 May 2020 on a draft that led to the special powers decision of the Brussels -Capital Government No. 2020/028 of 29 May 2020 `to introduce a premier support of tenants with limited income that undergo a loss of income by the COVID -19 Health crisis', comment 8.3.17 December 2020. - Special powers decision of the Brussels -Capital Government Nr2020/047 concerning the granting of a commercial lending loan tenants in the context of the COVID-19 Health-crisised Brussels-Capital Government, in view of the ordinance of 23 November 2020 to the granting of special powers to the Brussels-Capital Government Gazette as a result of the health crisis as a result of COVID-19 , Article 2, § 1; Given Article 2, § 3, 5 °, of the ordinance of 4 October 2018 to the introduction of the equalance test test; in view of the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on 27 November 2020; in view of the agreement of the Minister of Budget, given on December 2, 2020; Having regard to the advice of the Economic Council for the Brussels -Capital Region, given on December 11, 2020; in view of the request for emergency treatment, motivated by the continuous health crisis, which both directly as indirectly through the imposed security measures has a sensitive impact on the economic duty of many company and; that the acute risk of liquidity or solvency problems of tenants and landlords who ended a trade rental agreement, in a broad sense, as a result of Decovid-19 health crisis; that tenants of a building located in the Brussels-Capital West, who undergo a turnover loss by the Covid- 19 Health crisis, must be financially supported, whereby the interests of the landlords are also guaranteed; that in exchange for a different cancellation of the rent due, the landlord receives certainty about the payment of a maximum of four months rent of the commercial rent with regard to an in the Brussels -Capital Region located building; that the tenant is supported in his liquidity through an advances in the form of a credit to be able to pay a maximum of four months with a maximum of 35,000 euros;, moreover, the difficulties and slowness that are inherent to the resumption of each economic activity after a crisissi TUATION, which a spread of the reimbursement period requirements; that it is necessary that the loans can still be granted in 2020; in view of the advice 68.423/1 of the Council of State, given on December 11, 2020, with application of Article84, § 1 , first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973; having regard to the advice of the Data Protection Authority, given on December 15, 2020, with application of Article 23 and 26 of the Act of 3 December 2017 to Establishment of the Data Protection Authority; OP PROPOSURE OF THE Minister competent for the economy, after deliberation, decision: Chapter1. - General provisions article 1. This Decree means: 1 ° Minister: the Minister of the Brussels -Capital Government competent for the economy; 2 ° Region: the Brussels -Capital Region; 3 ° BEW: Brussels Economy and Employment of the Brussels regional government service; 4 ° Trading property: building or part of a building that is traditionally assigned by the tenant to the exercise of a business or to the activity of a craftsmand in direct contact with the public.art. 2. The minister knows trade rental loans to the tenants. Under the terms and conditions, the loan is assigned the boundaries of the basic allocations of the budget 12.022.33.01.8300 and 12.022.40.01.8112, inchronological order of receiving the signed loan agreement . The credits cannot be re -used for the allocation of successive loans. The Articles 10, §, and 32 of the Decree of the Brussels -Capital Government of 13 July 2006 concerning administrative and budget control as well as the budget format do not apply to the decisions sum loans . The Regional Public Service Brussels and the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation are responsible for the management of the applications for the trade rental loans, as well as the management of the loans granted, including the payment of the borrowed amount, the supervisory and management of the related disputes. 2. - Conditions of the Handelshuurendart. 3. The tenant: 1 ° is an enterprise within the meaning of Articlei.1, first paragraph, 1 °, of the Economic Law Code; 2 ° rents one or more commercial premises from the lessor since at least March 18, 2020; 3 °, in the trading premises referred to in2 °, about an active location unit in the region that, at the time of the loan application, is registered in a Dehruissuntbank of Enterprises and exerts an economic activity; 4 ° suggest no more than half of the surface area of ​​trade premises that form the object of the trade rental loan during the months referred to in Article 6, third paragraph, 4 °; 5 ° had no backlog in the payment of the rent on March 18, 2020 for the Trading Places involved.art.4The landlord has the benefit of the rent for a period of three months the advantage of certain regional public landlords and that is part of the government's repair and repair plan of 7 July 2020 not enjoyed.art.art. 5. The lease agreement between the tenant and the landlord: 1 ° relates to one or more trading properties located in the region; 2 ° is still running at the time of the application for the trade rental loan; 3 ° one of the following forms: a ) a registered trade rental agreement as referred to in Book III, Title VIII, Chapter IIbis, of the Dutch Civil Code; b) a trade rental of short duration as referred to in the ordinance of 25 April 2019 on the trade rent of short -term duration; c) another legal structure A trade building or multiple trading buildings is made available for a fee, such as leasehold, building, usufruct, or brewery contract, including providing one or more trading buildings.art. 6. The tenant and the tenant of the lease, or their respective legal successors at the general or special title, sign a model agreement drawn up by BEW.The Model Agreement applies as an addendum to the lease agreements and in that sense makes an integral part of from. The model agreement information, In addition to the already known identification data of the tenant, the lessor and the trading building, at least: 1 ° the identification data of the registered lease agreements; 2 ° the remission by the lessor, per commercial building, from one to four months of rent, including charges, the parties indicate; 3 ° the agreement of the parties that a maximum of four other months rent, including costs, which the parties indicate, are covered by the commercial lending loan; 4 ° the obligation for the tenant to pay the rent for each trading property individually, for the months referred to in 2 ° and 3 °, which do not necessarily follow each other, at the earliest the rent that became due and payable in April 2020 and ending at the latest on 30 June 2021; 5 ° a statement at the honor of the parties that there was no backlog in the payment of the rental money on March 13, 2020 and that the trade rent is still ongoing, Or was renewed or extended. If the rental is not paid monthly, the model agreement provides for a settlement pro rata temporis. - Form and amount of the commercial rental lending. 7. The commercial lending loan is maximum four months rent per commercial property in the region, including charges. For each trading building Magde Trade Renting loan no more than two months rent, including charges, cover, unless the Lentersmeer than a month of rent, including charges, a tenant is possible Submit several requests for a trade lending loan. The same trading building can only be the subject of a single -trading rental loan. The trade rental loans amount to a maximum of 35,000 euros for all trading buildings of the tenant.art. 8. The commercial rental loan will be repaid and the interest will be paid in18 monthly installments of an equal amount, the first 6 months after the granting of the trading rental loan is owed. The interest is 2 percent per year. The trade lending loan formt for the tenant a quasi-own assets. Chapter 4. - Application and allocation procedure art.9. The tenant must submit an application via the platform made available by BEW and thereby adds requested evidence. The application relates to a single commercial property for which Dehuurder requests a trade lending loan. A tenant can submit an application for each of his rented trade panden.beW will receive the applications at the latest on June 30, 2021.BEW can request documents or information by e-mailalle that it considers necessary for the investigation of the application. The tenant provides the additional documents and information within fifteen days. If no answer is received within the term, the application will be refused. The information collected directly from the persons concerned is the information that is strictly necessary to prove the legal conditions of this Decree.Art. 10. BEW informs the applicants about the admissibility of their application.art. 11. BEG submits a loan agreement to those tenants whose application is breathing. The tenants sign that loan agreement and delivery this back to Bew within the month of its shipment. The loan is granted at the latest on 31 December 2021.art. 12. Submit the amount of the loan on a Belgian current account name of the lessor. This payment counts as a payment of the rent of the tenant.art.13. The loans are provided under the conditions referred to in the Regulation (EU) Nr1407/2013 of the Commission of 18 December 2013 on the application of Articles 107 and 108 of the Convention on the effect of the European Union on de-minimis support. The beneficiary of the loan gives all other support under the aforementioned Regulation or other de-minimis regulations Aanen that the company has received in the two preceding tax years and the current tax year. The beneficiary means that the loan is granted on the basis of the aforementioned regulation.art.14. BEW can outsource the handling of the applications, loans and disputes in whole or in part.art.15. The categories of personal data that can be processed with a view to the implementation of this measure are the identification and contact details of the tenants, the spouses or legal cohabitants of the tenants in the event that the marriage system or the contractual regime is of legal cohabitation cat of the community is, and landlords or their representatives, natural persons, data from the lease agreements in the broad sense of Article 5, the amount of the credit granted and other categories of personal data that are essential for the implementation of the regulation, including supervision of compliance with the conditions and the management of the reimbursements and the disputes. In the context of this measure, those responsible for the processing are authorized to request and use national registration numbers, in accordance with Article 8, § 1 (3) of the Act of 8 August1983 regulating a National register of the natural persons, too n End manage the applications and the loan, including the repayments and disputes and more specifically for tenants and landlords who are natural persons or their representatives who are natural persons. These are responsible for the processing of this data, BEG and Brussels Finance and budget of the regional Public Service Brussels and the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation. Determination period for personal data processed in the context of this measure is three years from the end of a loan. If a loan application has been refused, the relevant data will be stored for one year after the announcement of the refusal decision. The personal data that is necessary for the processing of a dispute in the context of this measure, however, is stored for the duration of the processing of the dispute. Chapter 5. - Land -out grounds.16. Is excluded from the loan, or is, if necessary, for early reimbursement, the Renterie: 1 ° not all applicable obligations in the field of environmental, social and employment lawnals; 2 ° is in a state of bankruptcy or settlement, has been discontinued, has been discontinued , has made a declaration of bankruptcy, a liquidation procedure for him or in a comparable situation is a similar procedure that exists in other national regulations; 3 ° deliberately provides incorrect information; 3 ° qui habitat navigation nellation of the information errones; 4 ° is located in one of the cases as referred to in Article 3, § 1, first paragraph, of the ordinance of 8 October 2015 containing general rules relevant the withholding, recovery and non-equalization of subsidies With regard to employment Economics, as long as he does not repay the subsidies as referred to in the aforementioned ordinance, the corresponding rules referred to in its Article 4. The tenant lives the conditions referred to in the first member after the trade lending loan is fully repaid. Le Locataire Respect Les Conditions Visées à l'Alinéa1er Jusqu'à ce que le loyer sur loyer Commercial soit Intégralement Rem delivery.art.17. The provisions of the ordinance of 8 October 2015 containing general rules regarding the withholding, recovery and non-compliance with subsidies in the field of employment and economy and the implementation measures thereof applies to the loans laid down in this Decree, with the exception of Article 3 , § 1, first paragraph, 2 °, of the aforementioned ordinance, concerning the withholding of the subsidy with a view to the collection of the unpaid regional administrative fines. Chapter 6. - Final provisions art. 18. The government can adjust the following provisions even after the end of the special powers: 1 ° the conditions to which tenant, landlord and the lease between them meet; 2 ° the provisions that the model agreement intended in Article 6; 3; ° the maximum amount of the trade rental loan per tenant, Totmaximaal 75000 euros; 4 ° the reimbursement periods of the commercial rent loan; 5 ° the annual interest rate of the trade rental loan, up to a maximum of 2%; 6 ° the application and allocation procedure; 7 ° the deadline and granting date, up to 30 June 2022 and 31December 2022 and 8 ° the applicable European state aid regulations; 9 ° the categories of personal data that can be processed, in function of the changes made on the basis of this article; 10 ° the grounds for closure.19. This decision comes into effect on January 15, 2021.Art.20.The minister is charged with the implementation of this decision.brussel, 17 December 2020.voorde Brussels-Capital Government, the Prime Minister, r.Vervoortdeminister of Economics, a.Maronde Minister of Finance and Budget, S.Gatz