Publication: 2021-01-06Numac: 2020044637 Flemish government18 December 2020.-Decision of the Flemish Government establishing measures with regard to employment contracts for students as a result of the outbreak of the COVID-19 virus, regarding the allowances in the context of The Family Policy Law Dit Decree is based on:- the Decree of 27 April 2018 regulating the allowances in the context of family policy, Article 8, § 2, second paragraph. Formwere formal requirements have been met:- The Finance Inspectorate has given advice on 5 November 2020.- The Council of State has advice 68,411/1 given on 10 December 2020, applying Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973. a request to change treatment submitted, motivated by the fact that this decision provides for an urgent measure that supports the heavily affected sectors during this coronacrisis. If we do this advice Submit the application for a treatment within 30 working days, the final approval of the Flemish Government will be able to be put on the earliest at the earliest in December. As long as this measure, which is elaborated from 1 October 2020 to be in accordance with the federal level taken at the federal level, is not finally approved and published, there is no legal certainty in terms of the right to family benefits for students who can now perform extra hours in the Healthcare sector or education where the need for extra manpower is topical is a problem. The present neutralization salvation for many students are an extra incentive to make an extra commitment during this crisis period to offer the necessary help and support in these sectors without losing their right to family benefits . It is important that this measure can have an effect as quickly as possible so that there is clarity for students about their right to family benefits and therefore no restraints among these students. Legal LadderiT decision is in line with the following legislation:- The decision of the Flemish Government of 5 October 2018 establishing dediverse qualities of the legal child and concerning the exemptions of the allocation conditions for the family benefits, the start amounts of birth and adoption and the universal participation surcharges;-the decision of the Flemish government of 30 April 2020 establishing measures as a result of the outbreak of the COVID-19 virus, with regard to the allowances in the context of the family policy. Initiativedemerdi decision is proposed by the Flemish Minister for Welfare, Public Health, Family and Poverty Raading. of the hourly standard an 475 hours in the context of employment contracts for students stated in Article 14, § 2, first paragraph, 1 °, Article 29, § 1, first paragraph, 1 °, and Article 41, first paragraph, 1 °, of the decision of the decision of The Flemish Government of 5 October 2018 establishing the various capacities of the Legal Child and concerning the exemptions of the granting conditions for the family benefits, the start -upsbirth and adoption and the universal participation allowances, the healthcare sector and the performance are taken into account in the performance that The aforementioned employment contract during the Periodevan 1 October 2020 to 31 March 2021 has been delivered. In the first paragraph, the Care Sector is understood to mean: the joint committees and the public healthcare institutions stated in Article 10, second member of the law of 4 November 2020 on various various Social measures under the COVID-19-Pandemie.art.2. This decision has effect from 1 October 2020.Art. 3. The Flemish Minister, competent for growing up, is responsible for the implementation of this decision.brussel, December 18, 2020.Deminister president of the Flemish Government, j. Jambonde Flemish Minister for Welfare, Public Health, Family and Poverty Reduction, W. BeveragePublication: 2021-01-04numac: 2020044714brussels-Capital Region23 December 2020.-Special powers decision of the Brussels-Capital Government No. 2020/050TOT change of the special powers decision of the Brussels-Capital Government No. 2020/010 of 30 April 2020 on NV Regional Investment Company for Brussels (GIMB) for the allocation of credits to certain companies in the catering sector or for its supply because of its COVID-19 health report to the Governmentop30 April 2020, the government has entrusted a delegated assignment to NV Regional Investment Company for Brussels for Brussels ) In order to grant loans against moderate interest rates to certain companies from the catering sector or supply companies, against the background of the crisis of the crisis by COVID-19S, it is necessary to deal with the delegated assignment sen, by:- Extending the target audience to all sectors, in addition to dehores sector, since particularly many sectors have been affected by the crisis;- to extend a minimum amount for the loans;- to extend the duration of the support measure. No additional financial resources for its implementation by the Production Articles 1 of the draft Decree Adjust the title of the original decision to grant the delegated assignment to. Articles 2 add a definition of "Brussels company". Articles 3 to 6 Extend the application area of the measure to all sectors. In view of the fact that the support measure falls under the De Minimis Regulation, it speaks for itself that the sectors that are excluded on the basis of the De Minimis Regulation will not be able to claim the credits (such as the companies active in primary land construction). The expansion of the scope of application has no influence on the loaner being assigned to the suppliers of the catering sector. There remains the condition that it is going to do companies that provide food or services to several Brussels catering establishments of application. For that reason, the definition of "Brussels hospitality company" in Article 1, 6 °, of the Decree No 2020/010 is also retained. Item 4 of the draft decision also records a minimum amount for the loans, in particular 75,000 euros. The introduction of this minimum amount is justified by the following considerations:- The scheme is intended for companies with more than 10 FTEs. The financial needs of these companies and the duration of the crisis seem to be in accordance with the determination of a minimum amount of 75,000 euros per Loan.- This Financial Product is a supplement to a loan scheme for companies with fewer than 10 VTEs set up at Brusocwerd and that will offer loans up to 100,000 euros. Other support schemes, such as the premiums, are also particularly suitable for small businesses.- The operating costs that are represented on the Gimbitiging only 1.25% of the budget provided for the loans. They are the bottom market standard. In this context, the time of staff must necessarily be optimized. Articles of the draft decision extends the duration of the support measure. The loans can be requested until December 31, 2021 and can be granted at the latest on 28 February 2022. Article8 of the draft grants the authority to change certain parameters of the measure by simply decision. The experience with previous support measures has shown that it is of Grootbelang that the government, even after the expiry of the special powers, can be able to adjust its flexibility retaining these measures. They relate to the current loans, as well as the applications that are being processed at the entry into force of the change. Including the advice of the Council of Stateerwerd asked to urgently issue this advice within a period of 5 working days. The Vanstate council issued advice 68,464 on December 17, 2020. That advice will be announced below. Indit Advies formulates the Council of State various comments. First of all, the Council (in Punt5) notes that the use, in Article 3 of the draft, of the word "certain" for the words "Brussels companies" can be misleading. The word 'certain' was therefore omitted from this article, but also from Article 1, that the preamble of the amended Decree replaces. The Council of State is also of the opinion that the justification for the introduction of a minimum amount of 75,000 euros the loans are not sufficient and must be supplemented with due observance of the principle of equalityThe justification of the minimum amount was worked out above. Article 8 of the draft in the amended Decree The provision that grants the government the power to change certain parameters of the measure in the ordinary decision. The Council of State is of the opinion that the words "even after the end of the special powers" are superfluous and the reader can mislead. Desalnette temin, we believe that this clarification of the scope of the provision in time is not superfluous, with Provided that it will of course be the parliament to determine how the Special Female Decree can be amended after the Parliament has ratified this decision by ordinance. This authorization is therefore clearly limited in time. In this article 8, a correction was made to take the collegial effect of the government into account, the Council Vanstate (in point 8) takes a deed of a proposal to supplement the transitional provision. This proposal was included in Article 9 of the draft of State, Department of Legislative Advice68.464/1 of 17 December 2020 on a draft of special powers decision of the Brussels -Capital Regulation No 2020/0NN `to the special Powder Decree of the Brussels main urban government no. 2020/010 of 30 April 2020 on a delegated assignment to the NV Regional Investment Company for Brussels (GIMB) for the allocation of credits to certain companies in the catering sector or for its supply because of its COVID-19 health crisis' on 10-December 2020 is the Council of State, Department of Legislation, by the Minister of the Brussels -Capital Regulation, charged with climate transition, Environment, Energy and Participative Democracy requested to provide advice within a period of five working days on a draft of special powers decision of the Brussels -Capital Government No. 2020/0NN `To change the special e Power decision of the Brussels-Capital Government No. 2020/010 of 30 April 2020 on a delegated assignment to the NV Regional Investment Company for Brussels (GIMB) for the granting of Credit Certain companies in the catering sector or for its supply because of its COVID-19Stitheid crisis The design was investigated by the Senate on December 14, 2020. The House was composed of Marnixvan Damme, Chamber President, Wilfried van Vaerenbergh and Wouter Pas, State Councils, Johan Put, Assessor, and Wim Gevents. The report was issued by Kristine BAMS, first auditor department head. The sewage between the French and the Dutch text of the advice has been checked under Supervision Vanmarnix Van Damme, Chamber President. The advice, the text of which follows below, was given on December 17, 2020.1. According to Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, the request for advice must be specified by the urgent nature of its emergency. Motivated as follows: "La Crise Sanitaire du Covid-19 A Un Impact Significatifsur L'ACTIVITé Économique de Nombruses Entresses à la Fois Directation et Indirectement, du fait desmes sanitaires imposées. Il este-doncese-doncesaire auxreementementmentement Afin de Les Protéger au maximum of the conséquences finances de la crise. Parmi un Largeéventail de Mesures d'Aide, Il Apparaît Nécessaire d'étendre l'Octroi de Crédits aux Entresses Bruxelloisesa-Delà Da-Delà Du-Delà Da-Delà Da-Delà Da-Delà Da-Delà Da-Delà Da-Delà Da-Delà Da-Delà Da-Delà Da-Delà Da-Delà Da-Delà Da-Delà qui a été mise and oeuvre à travers unemission déléguée à la srib. Tel Est l'Objet de l'rrêté Modificatif Soumis à votre exam ".2. Agreement Article 84, § 3, first paragraph, of the coordinated laws on the Council of State, the Legislation Division had to limit itself to the investigation of the competence of the Stellervan the action, of the legal basis, as well as whether the form requirements to be fulfilled is satisfied. The Public Prosecution Service submitted the Public Prosecution Service to the changes of the special POWS Decree of the Brussels -Capital Government No 2020/010 of 30 April2020 `concerning a delegated assignment to the NV Regional Investment Company for Brussels (GIMB) for the granting of credits to certain companies in the the Catering sector or for the supply of supply because of the COVID-19 health crisis'. The designed changes, among other things, hold a broadening of the recipients of the credits involved, since from now on not only the catering sector, but also Brussels companies outside the catering sector are eligible for lendingIn addition, a minimum amount for the loans is set, the reimbursement period is extended from five to seven years and the duration of the support measure is extended. Various authorization granted to the Brussels -Capital Government that also applies after the end of the special powers are also granted for the entry into force of the designed decision, a transitional arrangement is worked out. The intention is to have the designed scheme come into effect on the day of debating it in the Belgian Official Gazette.4. The designed changes can be found to be found in Article 2, § 1, of the ordinance of 23 November 2020 `to award special powers to the Brussels-Capital Government following the Health Crisists consequences of COVID-19 ', to which reference is made in the first Member of the preamble of the draft. The declaration of decree must, once adopted, in accordance with Article 3, § 1, of the aforementioned ordinance also be ratified within a period of six months that starts at the end of the periodevan special powers that are made by the ordinance regularly. If that does not happen within that period, the designed scheme is never deemed to have had to have been elaborated. Article 35. appears to the wording of the replacement phrase that will be inserted in Article 3, first paragraph, of the special powers decision to be changed, the refundable credits are granted To "certain" Brussels companies and the suppliers of the catering sector. The word "certain" is misleading Omdatermee the impression is given that only specific categories of companies will be eligible for the repayment bar credits and the question could arise which categories are and on the basis of which criteria they are recorded. Probably the sets of the design mean by the word "certain" to express that only those companies come for a refundable credit that meet the conditions stated in the designed decision. That the use of the word "certain" by the way It is superfluous, according to various other provisions of the draft in which reporting is made of "Brussels companies" and not "certain Brussels companies". The word "certain" ("certaines") is therefore best deleted in Article 3 of the design.artikel 46. The loan to be changed in Article 6, first paragraph, of the Loan to be amended will amount to at least 75,000 euros (Article 4, 2 °, according to the memorandum, this is the minimum amount to the members of the Brussels -Capital Government "to prevent the GIMB from being flooded by applications". The introduction of a minimum amount for the loans involved may be counted among the freedom of the design of the design. Not the determination of the amount of that amount may not happen arbitrary, but with due observance of the constitutional principle of equality. The latter implies that there must be a reasonable connection of proportionality between the means used and the intended purpose. Introducing a minimum amount of 75,000 euros can be deemed to be obvious in a reasonable manner justified the mere reference to the risk that the Gimb would be in danger of being overpowered, while the purpose of the measure must exist exactly to to absorb the socio-economic spaces of the COVID-19 Pandemie. The sets of the design will have to be able to support the choice of a minimum amount of 75,000 euros on another, better -based accountability, which is better tailored to the principle of equality. Article 87. In the introductory sense of the designed Article 14/1 of the Spreading Special Machts Decree, the phrase is "" , even after the end of the special powers, "at the same time superfluous and misleading. It can of course not be deduced from that phrase that the Brussels -capital government itself and unlimited over time can decide on the exercise of powers that have been granted by a special powers. Article 98. Article9 of the draft contains a transitional arrangement for beneficiaries of already before the Entry into force of the declared decree granted loans. However, the question arises as to whether or not a transitional arrangement required for loan applications that are pending at the time of the entry into force of the designed decision. This is requested for further explanation, the authorized representative informed the following: "Les quelquesmodissies aportées par le present d'rrêté vont dance La Direction d'An Assouplissement Desconditions: Élargissement du Champ des Bénéficiaires, Prolongation du Délai Maxim De Remipboursementet Prolongation de la Mesure Elle Même. Une Seule Exception à InstantaRation oloysdeWith regard to the hanging requests emanating from enterprises in the initial scope, it seems judicious, for the sake of safety and predictabilityjuridic predictability, not to apply the new floor amount. The other new conditions do not restrict their rights. Therefore, we could add to article 9 a 3rd paragraph written as follows: `(...) the loan request submitted by a Brussels Horeca company or by a supplier of the sectorhoreca who has not yet been the subject of a decision at the time of the entry into force of this decree is processed on the basis of the decree as modified by this decree, except that the amount of loan may be less than 75,000 euros'. which concerns the companies of which the request would have been rejected, nothing in the modified decree is opposed to that they submit a new request ". , 5 in 6 van het netwerp.2. Ook in het opschrift van Het havenwerp Wordthet Woord "Bepaalde" Het Best Geschrapt.23 December 2020. - Bijzondre Machtenbesluitvan de Brusselse Hoofstedelijke Regering Nr. 2020/050 Tot Wijziging Van Bijzondre HOOFDSTEDELIJKE REGERING NR. 2020/010 VAN 30 april 2020 betreffende een gedelegeerdeopdracht aan de nv Gewestelijke Investeringsmaatschappij voor Brussel (GIMB) voor de toekenning van kredietenaan bepaalde ondernemingen in de horecasector of voor de toelevering ervan vanwege de COVID-19-gezondheidscrisisDeBrusselse Hoofdstedelijke Regering,Gelet op de ordonnantie van 23 november 2020 tot Toekenningvan Bijzondere Machten aan De Brusselse Hoofstedelijke Regering Naar Aanleiding Van De GezondheidScrisenist Gevolge Van Covid-19, Artikel 2, § 1; Gelet op Het Bijzondere Machtenbesluit Vande Brusselse Hoofstedelijke Regering Nr. 2020/010 van 30 April 2020 Betreffende een Gedelegeerde opdrachtaan de nv gewestelijke investingsmaatschapi voor brussel (gimb) voor de toekenning van kredietenaan bepaalde ondernemingen in de horecasector of toelevering ervan vanwe Brusselse HOOFDSTEDELIJKE REGERING NR. 2020/046 van18 Juni 2020; Gelet op Artikel 2, § 3, 5 °, Van de Ordrenantie van 4 Oktuber 2018 Totinvoering van de Gelijkekansentest; Gelet op het Advies van de Inspector Van Financial, Gegevenop 24 November 2020; Gelet op het akkoord Van de Minister van Begroting, gegeven op 4 december2020;Gelet op het verzoek om spoedbehandeling, gemotiveerd door de voortdurende gezondheidscrisis,die zowel rechtstreeks als onrechtstreeks via de opgelegde veiligheidsmaatregelen een gevoelige impactheeft op de economische bedrijvigheid van veel ondernemingen;Dat het dus noodzakelijk is enblijft om SNEL in Te Spelen op de Noden Van De Getroffen Ondernemingen, Ten Einde Hun Zoveel Als Mogelijkte Vrijwaren Van de Finishle Gevolgen Van De Crisis; Dat, Als Deel Van Een Breed Gamma Aansteunmaatregelen, Het Nodig Blijkt Om de Toekenning Van Kredien Uit ONDERNEMIGNGENBUSEN ​​DE HORECASTECOR in DUUR VAN DE MAATREGEL TE VERLEGEN; Gelet op HET Advies 68.464/1van de RAAAD VAN State, Gegev In op 17 December 2020, Met Toepassing Van Artikel 84, § 1, Erstelid, 3 °, Van de Wetten op de raad van State, Gecoördineerd op 12 January 1973; overwegende Wet van 2 April 1962 betreffende de federal participate- gewestelijkeinvesteringsmaatschapijen, Artikelen 2, § 3, in 4, § 5; Overwegende Dat de Hierbovenuiteengezette Spoedendheid Het Niet Mogelijk Maakt Het Advies Van De Economische In Social Raad In Winnen, Zoals Toegelaten Door Artikel 2, Van Tot Toekenningvan Bijzondere Machten aan de Brusselse Hoofstedelijke Regering Naar Aanleiding Van De Gezondheidscrisenist Gevolge Van Covid-9; Op Voorstel van De Minister Van Economy; Na Beraadslaging, Besluit: Artikel 1. Het Opschrift van Bijzondre Machtenbe. 2020/010 van 30 april 2020 betreffende een gedelegeerde opdracht aan de nv GewestelijkeInvesteringsmaatschappij voor Brussel (GIMB) voor de toekenning van kredieten aan bepaalde ondernemingenin de horecasector of voor de toelevering ervan vanwege de COVID-19-gezondheidscrisis wordt vervangenals volgt:"Bijzondere machtenbesluit van de Brusselse HOOFDSTEDELIJKE REGERING NR. 2020/010BETREFENDE EEN GEDELEGERDE OPDRACHT AAN DE NV GEWESTELIJKE INVESTERINGSMAATSCHAPIJ VOOR BRUSSEL (GIMB) VOOR DE TOEKENNING VAN Kredieten aan Brusselse ONDERNEMGEN in Leveranciers van 2In Article 1 of the same decision, the provision under 6 ° /1 is inserted, reading: "6 ° /1 Brussels company: a company that has at least one location unit in the region, carries out an economic activity and has human resources and goods specifically for it her are intended; ". Art. 3. In Article 3, first paragraph, of the same decision, the words "to companies in the catering sector or for the delivery of this sector" are replaced by the words "to Brussels companies and the suppliers of the catering sector" .Art. 4. The following changes are made in Article 6 of the same decision: 1 ° in the first paragraph, 2 °, the words "Brussels catering establishments" are replaced by the words "Brussels companies" 2 ° the second paragraph is supplemented with the followingzin: "The Loan is at least 75,000 euros. "; 3 ° In the third paragraph, the number" 0 "is replaced by the number" 75,000 "; 4 ° In the fourth paragraph, the word" five "is replaced by the word" seven ".Art. 5. In Article 7, § 2, first and second paragraph, of the Zelfthuit, the words "Brussels hospitality companies" are replaced by the words "Brussels companies" .Art.6. In Article 8, third paragraph, of the same decision, the words "Brussels hospitality companies" are replaced by the words "Brussels companies" .Art. 7. The following changes are made to Article 12 of the same decision: 1 ° In the provision under 1 °, the words "28 February2021" are replaced by the words "" December 31, 2021 "; 2 ° in the determination under 2 ° are the words" " 30 April 2021 "Replaced by the words" 28 February 2022. "Art. 8. In the same decision, an Article 14/1 is inserted, reading:« Art. 14/1. The government is authorized to, even then the end of the special powers , by decision to change: 1 ° the interest rates referred to in Article 6, third paragraph; 2 ° the amount thresholds and ceilings referred to in Article 6, second paragraph; 3 ° the number of persons as referred to in Article 7, § 2, first paragraph, 1 °; 4 ° the calendar of the delegated assignment referred to in Article 12. ". Art. 9. The loans granted for the entry into force of this Decree for an amount of less than 75,000 euros remain valid. The beneficiaries of loans for the entry into force of this Decree may ask the GIMB to study an extension of the repayment period, without that that period may amount to more than seven years. The loan applications submitted by Brussels Horeca companies or suppliers of the catering sector on which this decision has not yet been taken at the time of the entry into force of this Decree are dealt with on the basis of the decision as amended by this decision, on the understanding That the loan can amount to less than 75,000 euros.art.10. This decision comes into effect on the day of its announcement in the Belgian Official Gazette.art.11. The Minister of Economy is charged with the implementation of this decision.brussel, 23 December2020. For the Brussels-Capital Government: the Prime Minister, R.Vervoorte Minister of Economy, a. Maronde Minister of Finance and Budget, S.Gatz