Publication: 2020-11-19Numac: 2020031660 Flemish Government13 November 2020.-Decision of the Flemish Government to recognize the COVID-19 crisis and deviation from the regulation on the WinWin loin loan law decisions is based on:-the decree of 19 May 2006 on The WinWin loan, Articles 9/1 and 9/2, inserted by the Decree of 2 October 2020. Formwere formal requirements have been fulfilled:-The agreement of the Flemish Minister, competent for budget, was given on 24 September 2020.-the Council of State Has advice 68.108/1 given on October 29, 2020, applying Article 84, §1, first paragraph, 2 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973. Motiveringdit Decree is based on the following motive:- Because the Flemish Economy is hard for the COVID-19 crisis, the Flemish Government wants to support the existing instrument of the WinWin loan the affected companies by giving the credit parties the opportunity to d e Winwin loin, extending the tax benefit. Legal litigation concludes with the following regulations:- The Win Win Loin Decree of 20 July 2006. Initiative DIY Decree is proposed by the Flemish Minister of Economy, Innovation, Work, Social Economics and Country. Flemish Government Decree: Article 1. The current economic situation is recognized from 15 March 2020 as the COVID-19 crisis as mentioned in chapter VI/1 of the Decree of 19 May 2006 on the WinWin loan. The end of Decovid-19 crisis will be determined by the Flemish Government by notification .Art. 2. If Departies make use of the possibility to extend the duration of the Win Win loan, stated in article 9/1 of the Decree of 19 May 2006 on the Win Win loan, the entitlement to the annual tax credit stated in Article 8 of the same decree, and The one -off tax credit, stated in Article 9 of the same decree, extended by the same period. The extension stated in the first paragraph may be one or two years. The extension stated in the first paragraph applies to the WinWin loans for which the contractual term ends in 2020 and of which the deed of extension was concluded after 15 March 2020. Credit providers can claim the tax credits stated in the first paragraph, if all the following conditions are met: 1 ° the deed of extension concluded no later than 31 December 2020; 2; 2 ° the deed of extension and the new repayment table getting registered in accordance with Article 10/3 of the WinWin loan decision of 20 July 20 06.Art.3. In the implementation of Article 9/2, first paragraph of the Decree of 19 May 2006 on the WinWin loan, for the Win Win Loans that are validly closed after 15 March 2020 and at the latest on 31 December2021 the one -off tax credit as referred to in Article 9 of the Decree of 19 May 2006 brought to 40%for the entire contractual duration of the WinWin loan.art. 4. This decision -reaching on the day that follows its announcement in the Belgian Official Gazette, with the exception of Article 3, which comes into effect from tax year 2021.Art. 5. The Flemish minister, competent for the economy, is responsible for implementing this decision.brussel, November 13, 2020.Deminister president of the Flemish Government, j. Jambonde Flemish Minister for Economics, Innovation, Work, Social Economy and Agriculture, H. CrevitsPublication: 2020-12-02Numac: 2020031701 Flemish government13 November 2020.-Decree of the Flemish Government to grant a subsidy to the local authorities to combat the COVID-19 Pandemie is based on:- the special law of 8 August 1980 to reform the institutions, Article 20, amended by the Special Law of 16 July 1993 and Article 87, § 1, the Act of 16 May 2003 establishing the general provisions that apply to the budgets, the control on the subsidies and for the accounting of the communities and the regions, as well as for the organizational man, control by the Court of Audit, Article 3, third paragraph;- the Flemish Codex Public Finance of March 29, 2019, Articles 71 to 77;- the decree of 20 December 2019 on the general issue budget of the Flemish Community for the financial year 2020, Article 11;-the Decree on Flemish Codex Public Finances of 17 May 2019, Art Ikel 29 to 31 and Article 43. Formal requirements are fulfilled:- The Inspectorate of Finance has advised 9-November 2020.- Budget agreement was given on 12 November 2020. Motivation-TER Support for the central contact academy, the Flemish Government Mobilizes the local Management to be used for prevention, sensitization, source tracking, quarantine coaching and contact research. The local authorities work in all these assignments supportive and/or additional to the central contact detections The existing initiatives at the level of the first -line zone. The initiatives are becoming increasingly taken in consultation and cooperation with the Care and Health Agency, the Consortium Contact detection, the local primary care councils (ELZ) and established COVID-19 teams. The local authorities choose this decision between the following options: • Option 1: Option 1: In deployment in sensitization, prevention, source detection and quarantine coaching • Option 2: In deployment in awareness, prevention, source tracking, quarantine coaching and contact research.Lokal authorities can unite one of one of one of one of to take on the aforementioned options for their region. On the basis of their choice, they are committed to taking various tasks in their municipality and to provide the necessary personnel capacities for this. The Flemish Government will financially support these additional efforts. In both options coordinated with the Agency for Care and Health, the Consortium Contact Tracons Smals, to gain access to the Flemish platforms for its own municipality. In addition, the necessary agreements are made with a view to a permanent, correct and smooth information exchanging between the Flemish and the local contact center as well as the other stakeholders involved, including Decovid-19 teams within the Care Courses. For local authorities, it is possible in terms of public health dwee Legal grounds that allow them to take on the aforementioned tasks themselves and to have the necessary data:- First of all, Article 135, § 2 NieuweGemeente Act (NGW) stipulates that municipalities also have the task for the benefit of the residents, in a good police , in particular about toilet, health, safety and tranquility on public roads and in public buildings. More specifically, the municipality can take appropriate measures to prevent disasters, such as epidemics and providing the necessary help to stop them. In addition, the decree on local administration (DLB) stipulates in Article 2, § 1: the municipalities The public social welfare centers aim to contribute to the local level sustainably on the well -being of citizens and insure a civilian nabe, democratic, transparent and efficient exercise of their powers. This also forms a legal basis for the occurrence of the local authorities in the framework of the COVID-19 Pandemie. The occurrence of the local authorities must be metin force of the protection of the privacy of the citizens, as guaranteed by the Data Protection General Regulation ( AVG). Contact examination of the Decree of 29 May 2020 to Organization of the reporting obligation and the contact investigation in the context of COVID-19 and the Implementation Decree of 12 June 2020, foreseen that the tasks as imposed in Article 44 of the Prevention Decree, more specifically prevent the spread of the distribution of Infections, will be carried out by a joint venture that a contact center is established in charge of assignments of investigation and supervision of a confirmed or suspected diagnosis of COVID-19, or of persons who may have had a risk-bearing contact with a person infected with COVID- 19 whether it is probably infected with COVID-19With the aforementioned objective, local authorities can therefore act as a processor for the Zorg en Health Agency and they can have direct access to the Sciensano Data Database database. The room contact research is carried out according to the guidelines, scripts and quality standards of HetCentraal Contact Research. This cannot be deviated from and uniformity of the contact investigation monitor. The contact investigation is currently no case management possible. The local contact investigation is committed to the agreed share of work orders/tickets of new index patients in full handling the work order/tickets of the high-risk contacts are allocated to them on the basis of the post number. For payment of the variable subsidy, the number of worked work decorers is examined Tickets of new index patients. Deputy work orders/tickets of the high -risk contacts are not included in this number because the reimbursement of this is already contained in the amount/index patient. The local administration care for its own capacity and resources to record this engagement qualityly. For the deployment of employees in function of the local Contact research is provided for the necessary technical training control. The contact survey at the level of the municipality also requires some technical adjustments from the current central system. Source opening and quarantine coaching source detection: the local authorities can detect the hot spots via source detection. They can then take all kinds of initiatives to insulate these hotspots and ultimately limit them, for example through goal-oriented formation, prevention and awareness campaigns.- Quarantine coaching De Burgerdie because of a positive test or because of prevention must temporarily need support and guidance for to go through the quarantine well. This task was foreseen for the COVID-19 teams. Based on their own know-how and experience, local authorities can offer a valuable support here. In both cases, the respective responsibilities for the AVG rules are laid down in a processing agreement between the local administration and the care and health agency. This approach is identical with the current approach for the COVID-19 teams in the care councils. When local authorities make use of their own data data, the layout of a protocol (or supplementing an existing protocol) is required. This includes information passage. The services of the OCMW, information from the National Register for checking and supplementary address data of index patients and high -risk contacts, ... further measurement support in the context of quarantine measures, can go beyond just by telephone. Local authorities can offer tailor -made support to index patients, possibly contaminated loved ones and people in compulsory quarantine feat. They can focus specifically on the support of vulnerability and groups. These specific measures are understood to mean (not exhaustive): providing information tailored to the person concerned, (helping) ensure childcare, doing groceries, to combat measures or to prevent psychological assistance, regulating administration, providing provision of An additional financial allowance. Offering this further aid can only after explicit permission was requested from those involved to be able to use their data for further services. In the measures to be taken, based on the permissions in the context of Article 2, § 1 DLB, that local authorities commissioned to contribute to the welfare of the citizens at the room level, the local authorities act as a controller . When making use of your own data data, the layout of a protocol (or supplementing an existing protocol) is required. This includes information from the services of the OCMW, information from the National Register for checking and supplementary address data of index patients and high -risk contacts, ... This decision provides a financing model that starts from the traces: • Option 1: A fixed financing based on the number of residents of the municipality: 0.125 euros per inhabitant and per month, for a maximum of 5 months • Option2: the same flat -rate financing as in option 1, with a variable financing on top of 100 euros per handled work order/ticket of a new index patient, including the Work orders/tickets of the number of new high risk contacts agreed with the Care and Health AgencyLegal Cathernit Decree is in line with the following regulations:- New Municipalities Act of 24 June 1988, Article 135, § 2, second paragraph, 5 °;- Decree of 22 December 2017 on Het Lokal Governance, Article 2 § 1;- The Decree of 21 November 2003 concerning the prevention health policy, Article 44 t.e.m. 50;- the decree of 29 May 2020 to organize the obligation to demit and the contact investigation in the context of COVID-19;- Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons related to The processing of personal data and concerning the free movement of that data Entot withdrawal of Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation) Initiative DiTiTes Decree is proposed by the Flemish Minister of the Interior, Public Affairs, Integration Equal Opportunities and the Flemish Minister for Welfare, Public Health , Family and Poverty Raading, the Flemish Government Decree: Article 1. This Decree includes: 1 ° Central Contact Center: The Contact Center stated in Article 3, first paragraph of 29 May 2020 to the organization of the reporting obligation and the contact investigation in the framework Vancovid-19; 2 ° local government: every municipality of the Flemish Region; 3 ° Local Contact Center: contact research organized by a municipality in the context of this decision; 4 ° Covid-19 team: a team established within a care council that provides support and advice in the Framework De Covid-19 Pandemie; 5 ° ticket/ Work order: a unique digital identification tool that enables the contact center to name a work order, in this case a patient, unique and finish. Based on this ticket/work order, reporting is possible; 6 ° handling of a ticket/work order: This is understood to mean contacts in all possible forms that are necessary or not to hear this patient effectively in accordance with the detailed script, the finish and registration do information obtained information of the patient and high risk contacts in the digital platform according to the Script and the quality requirements of the central contact center.7 ° Index patient: person Diebesmet is with COVID-19 or whose doctor has a serious suspicion that he or she is infected with COVID-19; 8 ° new index patient: an index patient whose ticket is presented by the central contact center at the Lokalecontactcentrum without there being any contact by the CentralContactcentrum. The local contact center ensures the complete handling of the ticket/work order; 9 ° high-risk contact: persons who may have had a risk-bearing contact with a person Diebesmet is with COVID-19 or who is probably infected with COVID-19; 10 ° New high-risk contact: a high -risk contact whose ticket is presented by the central contact center to the local contact center without any form already being made by the central contact center. The local contact center ensures the full handling of the ticket/work order; 11 ° Quarantain coaching: organizing medical and psychosocial support for COVID-19 contamination and presumably with COVID-19 infected persons placed in temporary seclusion; 12 ° Risk groups: Persons who are medically established that they have an increased risk of infection or have an increased risk of death in a Covid-19 Infection; 13 ° Vulnerable persons or groups: Persons or groups that, because of their specific context, require specific attention and treatment to measure in terms of information, awareness, quarantine coaching and general care. People with a disability, seniors, singles (with children), in need of help, for example, can be included.4 ° Hotspot: a location that comes up from the source detection as a risky environment.art. 2. A total subsidy amount of a maximum of 11,644,000 euros (eleven million six hundred and forty-fourth thousand euros) is granted from budget article PJ0-1pmc2CGA-WT to the local authorities who include this Decree on additional commitments in the Framework. This subsidy is from a flat-rate subsidy of a maximum of a maximum of 4.144. 000 euros (four million hundred and forty -four thousand euros) for the assignment referred to in Article 5 and a variable subsidy of a maximum of 7,500,000 euros (seven million five thousand thousand euros) for the local authorities that use additional on the assignments stated in Article 6. This subsidy relates to the period From November 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021.Art. 3. A local administration is committed to using this decision on: • Option 1: In deployment in sensitization, prevention, source detection and quarantain coaching • Option 2: deployment in awareness, prevention, source tracking, quarantine coaching and contact researchLocal boards can unite to take on one of the aforementioned options for their region.Art.4. The local authorities carry out their assignments in the context of this decision in coordination with existing initiatives at the level of the first-line zone and with the plan of approach to the COVID-19 teams Diebinnen the care councils were established.art. 5. The local authorities are committed to using this decision on sensitization, prevention, source detection and quarantine coaching (option1) in the framework. § 1. Local authorities do sensitization and prevention by informing at least their residents about compliance with the six gold principles: taking 1 ° taking hygiene measures in; 2 ° activities preferably outside organizing; 3 ° increased attention for risk groups; 4 ° a safe distance of at least one and a half meters; bear 5 ° a mouth mask; limit 6 ° meetings. § 2. Local administrative management hereby a population -oriented approach with a focus on the risk groups and the vulnerable persons/groups.§ 3. The local authorities take actions to strengthen the source tracking. They make connection through analysis of the available data, including the data obtained from the cooperation agreement with the Care Council, whereby apparently random infections can be brought to one and the same source in order to limit further distribution of COVID-19 . When they detect hotspots, they also take measures to insulate it and, if possible, limit them. § 4. The local authorities are committed to quarantain coaching. They inform their residents when temporary seclusion applies, which procedures are followed and which activities are permitted or not permitted. The local authorities follow the guidelines formulated on the website of the federal government. §5. The local authorities can focus on vulnerable people and groups in particular. They provide customized information and contact, discuss with the person concerned what additional help can be provided, do the necessary if the person concerned has agreed to this. This help can be of all kinds of earth. § 6. All initiatives are discussed in consultation and in cooperation COVID-19 teams in the care councils, the initiatives are always tailored to the existing effect.art.6. In addition to their commitments such as contained in Article 5, local authorities can also bet on local contact research. This is done in consultation with the Care and Health Agency. The local authorities use a population -oriented approach: 1 ° the local contact center receives from the central contact center base of the postcodes A agreed number of tickets/work orders per day; 2 ° the tickets/work orders are finished according to the scripts and the quality requirements of the central contact center. This is not possible to monitor the uniform operation of the contact examination; 3 ° The local contact center ensures the full handling of all tickets/work orders assigned to it; 4 ° The treatment of a ticket/work order must be made within 24 hours from the registration of the registration of the registration of The ticket started. 7. In the context of their assignments, the local authorities can elaborate the exchange of person data in accordance with one or more of the following modalities: 1 ° Sign Local Boards with the Care and Health Agency a processing agreement in accordance with Article28.3. of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 Protection of natural persons in connection with the processing of personal data and the relevant free movement of that data and to withdrawal of Directive 95/46/ EG to be able to act as the processor of personal data for the contact investigation within the conditions of the cooperation agreement of 25 August 2020 between the Federal State, the Flemish Community, the Walloon Region, the German speaking community and the common community committee, regarding the joint data processing through Sciensano and the by the competent Federated entities or by the competent agencies designated, health inspections and mobile teams in the context of a contact study at Personendie (presumably) with the Coronavirus Covid-19 are infected on the basis of a database at Sciensano.2 ° the local authorities sign with the ZOR agencies g and health a processing agreement in conform article 28.3. of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April2016 on the protection of natural persons in connection with the processing of personal data on the free movement of that data and to withdraw guideline 95/46/ EC to be able to perform as a processor of personal data for the implementation of quarantine coaching and source research3 ° local authorities act as the responsible for personal data when they received permission from the citizens concerned for processing.4 ° When local authorities make use of their own data data or when the initiatives extend further than Article 44 Prevention Decree, they act as the person in charge of personal data. Art. 8. The personal data that the Room Governance obtains from the control tower may only be used for following purposes:-countering the distribution of infections COVID-19 (Article 44 Prevention Decree)--Providing medical and psychosocial support with Quarantainecoaching by COVID -19 (Article44 Prevention Decree and Article 2 § 2 DLB);- Detecting Hot Spots COVID-19, then to insulate and ultimately limit this, (Article 44 Prevention Decree and Article 2 §1 DLB);- Detecting vulnerable persons or groups (Article 2 § 1 dlb);- the enforcement of the measures imposed (Article 135 § 2 Ngw);- After the person concerned explicitly gave permission, offering tailor-made support. This is understood to mean (not exhaustive): providing information tailored to the person concerned, providing childcare, doing groceries, measures to combat alienation or isolation, providing psychological assistance, arranging administration, providing an additional financial lecture contribution (Article 2 § 1 DLB). The personnel data that the local administration obtains from the script and form platform can only be used for contact investigation within the conditions of the cooperation agreement of 25 August 2020 between the federal state, the Flemish community, the Walloon Region, the German -speaking Community and the common community committee, concerning the joint data processing by Sciensano and the entities federated by the competent entities or contact centers, health inspections and mobile teams designated in the context of a contact investigation among persons who (probably) me t the Coronavirus Covid-19 infectious based on a database at Sciensano.Art. 9. The subsidy serves to financial support from the additional commitments that the local authorities include within the framework of this Decree. DELOCKS ATTENTION SERVICE THE NEAR Capacity and resources to make these commitments quality -free. The persons selected for the local contact center, the start -up of their assignment will be trained for this in advance.Art. 10. Planning the local authorities to the following conditions to be eligible for subsidization: 1 ° The Local Boards report on 11 December 2020 at the latest to the Interior Board Agency for which option stated in Article 3, they want to commit themselves.2 ° the local authorities conclude a cooperation agreement with the Care and Health Agency, the Consortium Investigation and Smals where it states which efforts are supplied by the local authorities in the implementation of this decision. This cooperation agreement arranges at least the following elements:- for the option of the local administration is to commit itself-- concretization of the tasks that it will take within the company- the period of commitment, which can be at least two and at most 5-person months-- the Work agreements between the various partners (COVID-19 teams, Central Contact Center, ...)-If the local administration opts for option 2, the share of tickets/work orders will be determined in consultation with the local contact center. handles these work orders/tickets of new index patients as well as the work orders/ticketshoogrisic contacts that they are based on the post no. is allocated. This number is equipped with equal number of new index patients.-The agreed share can change the total number of infections in the event of mutual consultation.3 ° the local authorities and the COVID-19-Teams make-task agreements so that they are performed in an efficient and high-quality manner.4 ° Depending on the nature of the tasks as determined in Articles 5 and 6, the local authorities conclude a processing agreement with the Care and Health Agency and/or ensure the necessary protocols.5 ° The Local Boards that have united can conclude a joint agreement and appointment framework. Art.11. § 1. The subsidy, stated in Article 2, consists of two parts: 1 ° The local steering system focuses on sensitization and prevention, source detection and quarantine coaching receive a fixed subsidy of 0.125 euros per inhabitant/month for a maximum period of 5 months2 ° the local authorities that also focus on local contact examination, receive the same fixed amount plus a subsidy of 100 euros per handled ticket/work order of a new index patient, including the work orders/tickets of the number of new high -risk contacts agreed with the Agency for Care and Health. The number Inhabitants is this on January 1, 2020, as announced in the Belgian State magazine of 27 July 2020. § 2. The subsidy is paid as follows: 1 ° no later than 31 March 2021: an advance of 80% of the flat -rate subsidy after submitting, on no later than 31 January 2021, via digital road, at the Agency for the Domestic Administration, of the signed: a.s. collaboration agreement; b. Processor agreement; 2 ° no later than 30 September2021: the balance of 20% of the fixed subsidy and 100% of the variable subsidy after the local board, on 1 June 2021 at the latest, submitted the following documents: a. For the flat -rate subsidy: Evaluation report whereby the implementation of the commitments contained in the cooperation agreement evaluated and the additional deployment is motivated. For the variable subsidy: reporting of the number of handled tickets of a new index patient, including the work orders/tickets of the number of new high -risk contacts agreed with the Care and Health Agency.§ 3. The costs for the substantive training of call center agents, as well as the infrastructure costs, Operating costs (including IT costs) and insurance costs are charged to local authorities.art.12. The local administration must submit an application to the Interior Board Agency by 1 June 2021 by 1 June 2021 for receiving the subsidy. In that application, the local board provides at least the following information: 1 ° the identification data of the local administration; 2 ° the date and signing.3 ° the documents as stated in Article 11, § 2, 2 °. The Domestic Board agency makes the application form available .Art. 13. The Agency inland Governance and the Care and Health Agency supervise compliance with the provisions of this Decree. To this end, the local administration provides the requested documents, information or explanations. The care and health agency evaluates the reporting stated stated in Article 11, § 2, 2 °, B.Art.14. While maintaining the application of Article 13 of the Act of 16 May 2003 establishing the general provisions that apply to the budgets, the control of the subsidies and for the accounting of the regions and the regions, as well as for the organization of the control by the Court of Audit, the Domestic Administration Agency will reduce or reclaim the subsidy if the local administration does not or does not fully comply with the provisions of this Decree or has complied with or has complied with. 15. This decision has effect from November 1, 2020.Art. 16. The Flemish Minister, competent for the interior administration and the urban policy and the Flemish Minister, competent for well -being and poverty alleviation, are, each with regard to him or her, charged with the implementation of this decision.brussel, 13 November2020.the minister -President of the Flemish Government, J. Jambonde Vlaamseminister of Domestic Administration, Administrative Affairs, Integration and Equal Opportunities, b. Somersdevlamic Minister of Welfare, Public Health, Family and Poverty Reduction, W. Beverage