Publication: 2020-11-20Numac: 2020204803Federal Patrums Pressure of the Prime Minister13 November 2020.-Royal Decree on the composition and operation of the COVID-19 Commissioner and COVID-19-Adjunct Commissioner Filip, King of the Belgen, King of the Belgians, To all who are now and will hereinafter refer to the constitution on the Constitution, Article 37; Given the Royal Decree of 9 October 2020, appointment of the COVID-19 Commissioner and COVID-19 ADJUNCT commissioners determine their assignment, in view of the recommendations of the Inspectors of Finance, given on November 4, 2020; in view of the approval of the state secretary for budget, given on November 9, 2020; in view of the agreement finding of the Minister of Civil Service, given November 10, 2020; in view of the; laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, Article 3, § 1; in view of the urgent necessity; in our country of the number of infections with the Coronaviruscovid-19 has taken additional measures to combat the further distribution of this virus; this framework was decided to appoint a supervisory director and deputy commissioner, charged with the coordination of the measures to combat measures the distribution of the virus; that it is necessary to provide a substantive and administrative support of the Commissioner and the deputy commissioner must be able to be expanded quickly; on the nomination of the Prime Minister and of the Minister of Public Health and on the advice of the in the in Council Meeted Ministers, we decided to decide: Article 1. The COVID-19 Commissioner and COVID-ADJUNCT commissioner have a coordination cell within limits of the budget funds awarded for this purpose, without prejudice to this during the duration of their assignment. The coordination cell may also be incorporated in the awarded budgetary medial n, referred to in the first paragraph, appeals to experts, referred to by the Prime Minister and the Minister of Health. This concerns experts externally, Federal Public Official office, as referred to in Article 1 of the Act of 22 July 1993 containing certain measures in the official cases. The Prime Minister and the Minister of Health, on the proposal of the Commissioner and the Deputy Commissioner: 1 ° Said the Director, the substantive members and executing staff members, and the experts; 2 ° determine their salary and reimbursements; 3 ° terminate their appointment. The coordination cell is compiled in a multidisciplinary manner. 2. The provisions of Article 10, 11, 13, 16 and 17 of the Royal Decree of 19 July2001 on the interpretation of the policy bodies of the federal public services and relevant staff members of the federal public services designated to be part of a member of a member of a government or of a college of a community or a region, and the provisions from division 1 of Chapter XI of the Royal Decree of 19 November 1998 on the Verloven enafweigs to the employees of the government boards, apply to the director, the Substantive members and the executive staff members of the Coordination Cell.art. 3. The Commissioners The Deputy Commissioner can be assisted by a scientific committee. The members of this committee are referred to by the Prime Minister and the Minister of Health on the proposal of the Commissioner and the Deputy Commissioner. The Prime Minister and the Minister of Health Bests granted the reimbursement to the members of the Scientific Committee. The Scientific Committee is compiled in a multidisciplinary manner.art. 4. The budgetary resources for the coordination cell as well as for the scientific committee are charged to the budget of the Federal Government Service Social Security.Art. 5. This decision has elaboration on October 9, 2020.Art.6. The Prime Minister and the Minister are competent for public health, each with regard to him, taxed with the implementation of this Decree in Brussels, November 13, 2020. Filipvankoningweight: The Prime Minister, A. De Croode Minister of Health, Fr.vandenbroucke