Publication: 2020-07-01NUMAC: 2020041960Federal Public Service Financial administration for policy expertise and support. - Regulation service. - Agreement for Inlanding Consultation between the competent authorities of France and Belgium with regard to the frontier workers' context of the fight against the distribution of COVID-19 Overweight that France concluded an agreement in mutual consultation on 15 May 2020 (Belgian Official Gazette of 26 May2020, Edition 1, page 37837) Based on Article 24 of the Agreement between France and Belgium of 10 March 1964 to prevent double taxation and regulating mutual administration legal assistance on income taxes, as amended by the Avenanten of 15 February1971, of 8 February 1999 , of December 12, 2008 and from 7 July 2009; the competent authorities of France and Belgium have agreed: 1. The application of the agreement in mutual consultation of 15 May 2020 will be extended until 31 August 2020.2. It has been agreed that for the application of paragraph 7 of the supplementary protocol on frontier workers, which was added to the Constitutional Werd by Article 2 of the Avenant of 12 December 2008, the days on which a frontier worker house remains, until 31 August 2020 will not be included in the number days on which the border zone is abandoned, in application of I) of 7 of the aforementioned protocol. Good-approved by the undersigned authorities on 23 June 2020: For the competent authority of France: Gaëlperreudsous director for the competent authority of Belgium: Piet de Vosadvisor for -Generaalod Finance, BelgiumPublication: 2020-07-06numac: 2020041963federal Public Health Service, Safety of the Food Chain and Environmental Protocol Agreement concluded between the Federal Government and the authorities referred to in Articles 128, 130, 135 and 138 of the Constitution regarding the establishment, organization and financing of Triage -and decrease centers in the context of the management of the COVID -19 Health crisis gesture on the respectors of the federal state and of the governments referred to in Articles 128, 130, 135 and 138 of the Constitution -below -the `communities and regions' or the` called partialities' - with regard to the people's health policy; In view of the respective powers of the federal state and of propagators in the financing and organization of primary health care and hospital care; considered urgent need to adopt care in the context of the management of the COVID-13 crisis to limit the epidemic - to ensure that satisfaction care is available to provide the necessary care to those affected by the disease and to protect health workers as well as possible against the risk of contracting the disease; For health at the federal level and within the communities and regions, in the case of the Interministerial Public Health Conference, the following. Introductory of the COVID-19 Epidemia appeared in mid-March 2020, the federal government and governments of the communities and regions consults consultations committed with representatives of general practitioners and hospitals on Very short-term 'triage centers' to:-a massive non-organized intake of patients who are suspected of being sick to limit the hospital powers, whereby the triage centers have the task of assessing whether or not these patients in the hospital must be admitted (= "triage function");- to general practitioners to offer it to limit it with their patients who are suspected of wearing the virus to telephone contacts by referring to these 'triage centers' for a face-to-to -face medical examination;--in the available personal protective equipment can be concentrated in those places where patients, who may be infected by the virus, can be collected. At the end of the Epidemia, and on the The moment that the resources needed were proved to be sufficient to implement a large -scale screening policy, the triage centers were taxed with an extra assignment, after the decrease of samples at the persons to be screened (= `collection function '). The purpose of this protocol is to give more visibility to the provisions that have been agreed between the federal state and the sharing references regarding the modalities and conditions regarding the operation and finalance of the" Triage and ADRAMENTRA "and also to give an impetus to future agreements in which these centers can be embedded in a future regulatory framework.1. Two functions entrusted to the triage and purchase center. The triage fee service of the triage function is to prevent patients whose situation not a hospital admission requirement, registering to the hospital powder services. This function is intended for patient who have been referred by a general practitioner who has not performed a physical clinical examination and who suspects the symptoms are serious enough In order to justify a hospitalization. A clinical examination is carried out by a general practitioner, possibly assisted by nursing staff. The presence of a doctor is always necessary when the triage function is accessible. As a doctor after a clinical examination is of the opinion that a hospitalization is not necessary can, he can prescribe a test to the patient and carry out it in the triage and decrease center. B.The purchase feature function aims to better meet the needs of the population screening, it must make it possible to take care of the test question catch for e lke person who meets the criteria defined for the tests (1) and that is not included in a residential structure. The decision to test a patient is always taken by the treating (general) doctor, the test must prescribe to the patient before he /She is referred to the triage center. For citizens who do not have a general practitioner, a solution is provided by each general practitioner's circle. Up the reign function of the triage and purchase centers can also be invoked to perform certain tests at the request of the call centers set up in the context of the screening and follow-up strategy Persons who have been in close contact with others who have tested positivelyThese requests have to meet the recommendations approved by the Risk Management Group. In some cases, these requests can relate to asymptomatic persons, including people who have been placed in quarantine vinegar, who have not developed symptoms and who return to their work, causing them to contact risk groups. their patients to hospitalize (or to receive) patients to the triage and purchasing centers, conditions will still be determined after consultation with the general practitioner associations and the hospital umbrella organizations (or other umbrella organizations). The decrease can be carried out:- either by nursing staff or by a Doctor or by other competent health care providers. Defysical presence of a doctor is not mandatory, but the coordinating doctor will always have callable (for example, if a patient has more serious symptoms that require a clinical examination of whether a hospitalization is needed) .2. Accessibility of the triage and drop-off functioniesa. The trio function milk triage and purchase center establishes its triage function at a single location. To guarantee accessibility of the triage functions, the partialtities corresponds to the number of centers that started with at least 1 center shot of 100,000 inhabitants, retained (2). In regions where the number of centers is greater than 1 center per 100,000 inhabitants, the Deeltitieses will take the initiatives they consider useful to merge the centers that are the least inhabitants with a neighboring center. Triage functions organized in close collaboration with the emergency services of the hospitals . To this end, they make the necessary agreements that are requested for the governments. If the need for triage of patients for whom a face-to-face clinical examination is needed to assess the possible need for hospitalization, greatly reduced and the hospital powder service itself can itself be reduced by this position Perform, the triage function of the relevant center may be temporarily 'on hold' on condition of:- an explicit written agreement of one or more hospital powder service (s) that can/can/can take over the triage function- an accurate description of the conditions under which the triage and decrease center It will be asked to activate his triage function new. The triage and purchase center of which the triage function `On Hold 'has been set must be able to reactivate within 48 hours. As long as the triage function will remain active, it must be at least 4 hours a day and every weekday (working days) are accessible. Doors of availability of the triage function become clear from Student and communicated to the GPs The area that falls under the GP circle (s) that coordinate the function. A referral is organized (in a hospital, a waiting post or another triage center) when defunction is not available.b. The Award Function Function can be organized in Different locations on the territory of the circle (s) of general practitioners who organize the medical coordination of the Triage post, and this to increase the accessibility of the decline function. Different organization modes are possible (including mobile teams, Drive, ...). The times when the function is available at the different places where it is organized will be clearly stamped and announced to the GPs in the area and to the call center that taxes with the contact follow -up. At any location where the function becomes organized, this each day of the week will be accessible, with the possibility of referring patients through another location during the weekend (waiting post, different purchase function). The opening hours can be adjusted on the needs of the population and the workload, taking into account the evolution of the epidemic; they will always be at least one week are known in advance.3. Triage and drop-off centers are under the medical coordination of the GP circles placed medical coordination of triage and purchasing centers is entrusted to the GP circles that are recognized on the basis of either:- the Royal Decree of 8 July 2002 for determining the assignments granted to GPskingen-Het Decree of the Flemish Government of 26 June 2015 on the general practitioner circles. The medical coordination of a triage and purchase center can be insured by one general practitioner or a grouping of circlesThis circle (or grouping of circles) takes care of:- coordinating, in collaboration with the hospital powder services, of initiatives to organize the triage function within the territory that covers- coordinating initiatives to organize the purchase function at various locations within the territory that it covers- determining the opening hours of the different places where samples can be taken- further distribution to the different locations that offer the possibility of taking samples, of the protection and test material made available by the federal government; - Coordinating the allocation of staff (doctors, nurses, Technologists laboratory, administrative support, ...) to the various places of steel decrease;- to ensure that the triage and decrease centers comply with all information obligations to the government for qualitative and timely manner. This rich can be implemented in collaboration with a hospital. In this case, in a written agreement between the circle (s) of general practitioners, the hospital stipulates at least who bears the medical responsibility and the administrative responsibility of the triage and purchase center.4. Collaboration between triage and collection centers and laboratories for clinical biology sum to meet the exceptionally high need for test material and steel analysis, a federal platform has been temporarily established in addition to the traditional analysis circuits of the clinical biology. The two circuits are complementary, but are completely independent of each other. Each triage and purchase center is therefore requested either one or the other circuit. A combination of both is not permitted to avoid the risks of double financing. As the federal platform it is chosen, that platform will be responsible for the delivery of test material to the trium and purchase center, collecting the purchased tests, transporting them to its laboratories of the analysis results. The test material made available by the federal platform can under no circumstances be distributed to individual doctors who would then send these tests to a private or hospital laboratory. If the triage and decrease center chists chose to work with a hospital lab or private laboratory, Then this lab will take on the organization for the supply of the test material, for its collection and for the forwarding of deanalysis results. If at a certain point it appears that the initial laboratory can no longer meet the demand for analysis in the required period, in particular because the demand for analysis too Grootis, the triage and purchase center may ask to switch to the 'federal platform' The choice for the "federal platform" from the beginning or at a later time implies that the triage and decrease center from that moment continues to work exclusively with the federal platform as long as the total demand to test and laboratory analysis material the capacity that the traditional (private and private Whether hospital) can offer laboratories. The National Reference Center keeps supervision of the parameters that are necessary to measure whether or not this question exceeds regular capacities.5.CREAMENING and FINANCING OF THE TRIAGE AND ABOUTE CENTRA (general rules) a. Personal protection products with the triage and purchase center of personal protective equipment is organized and funded by the federal government. When distributing the protective equipment takes into account the population that can be operated by the triage and purchase center. A RIZIV intervention is foreseen for the costs that the triage and decrease centers have incurred that certain protective equipment were not available between March 16 and 4 May 2020. Deprecious organization within the Triage Center (eg creating any decentralization for the bias function) has no impact on the delivery of protection material. The triage and purchase center is considered by the government as a whole and is the only point of contact for material to deliver material. The center itself is responsible for the further distribution to its location of the needs. Awarding material materials for making the collection material on triage and purchasing centers depends on the 'laboratory circuit' chosen by the Center: either the federal platform or via a private or hospital laboratory. of the agreements with the federal platform or via the traditional repayment rules of the sickness and disability insurance.cFinancing the start-up costom The activity and time spent of the doctors who have participated in the establishment of the triage and purchase center during the period prior to the opening thereof, taking into account the loss of fees for regular activity, each center receives a maximum amount of EUR 7,230.60 that will be charged by the RIZIV (included in the R to KB No. 20). The amount to be deposited will be recorded through royal decisions will be determined into account the number of inhabitants and the number of participating GPs.d. Financing the medical government federal government comes through the RIZIV between in the financing of the medical coordination of the triage and decrease center, the reimbursement of the doctors and nurses the costs of the administrative support staff. The financing of the trio and reduction centers is regulated in the Royal Decree No. 20: Financing the doctors (Coordinati a clinical investigation), of the nurses and of the administrative support of this activity. For the period from 4 May 2020 (date on which the purchase function was added to the assignments of the triage and purchase centers), a Royal Decree will be drawn up that implements to Article 51 of the KB No. 20 that a flat -rate financing will be provided with the purchase function based on a quota of a maximum of 36 hours/day for the organization of medical activity by doctors and nurses. In function of the needs of the center (coordination, investigations and decreases) assesses the demedic and administrative manager the need for the use of doctors and nurses. For the number of hours of doctor, or a nurse, a fixed allowance will reimburse a rate of 80,34 euros or 47.25 euros per hour. In addition, a flat-rate allowance for the administrative support of 34.96 euros per hour (max. 12 hours per day) is provided. Deprestments of the hospital staff that are made available at the triage and purchase center will not be reimbursed for the double financing that from it will be reimbursed arises. The precise organization within the triage and purchase center (eg creating any decentralization for the deposit function) has no impact on the financing by health insurance. The center is considered a whole and is the only point of contact for the RIZIV.DIT Center Zigne must clearly indicate which the recognized care organization is that is responsible for the operation of the center, as well as the GP (s) that coordinates the center and the number of inhabitants within the region That covers the center.e. Intervention for the operating costs what the reimbursement of the operating costs concerns: each partentity establishes the conditions under which the oncoming costs of these centers are applied. The following general principles are applied:- Costs that are already reimbursed by a government cannot be charged; this; For example, applies to a number of operating costs of waiting items and hospitals if they make infrastructure or equipment available to the triage and decrease centers; - costs for protection material not be charged, for the federal government is made available;- no costs for computer science licenses may be imposed on the triage and purchasing centers in the framework of their obligations to register and to communicate with the clinical biology laboratories; In order to meet these obligations, free IT solutions will therefore be made available;- costs for use and maintenance of buildings of local open-up authorities will be charged from these public authorities on the basis of ad hoc consultation; Basis of these principles will determine each partentity the rules according to which it intervenes in the work costs of the triage and purchasing centers. If appropriate, a distinction is made between the period from 16 March to 3 May 2020 and the period that starts on 4 May, date on which the reduction function in the centers started. The principles and orientations adopted by the different part of entities are described below .6. Supply and financing of the triage and decrease centers (specific rules per sharing) a. In Flanders, Flemish Government Wil was committed to both the costs for the infrastructure, energy and utilities and non-medical enforcement costs via a fixed sumHowever, this package will not provide any coverage: -the personnel costs covered by the RIZIV personal protective equipment for which the federal government is responsible-amounts set by local authorities before 4 May 2020 in connection with IT licenses for the processing of the processing of the processing of the processing of the processing of The data in connection with ADMENTE Laboratory analyzes. The flat-rate intervention of the Flemish Government will be accompanied by measures to comply with the following principles- reduction in the number of triageing functions under closure or merger to 1/100,000 (approximately one per first-line zone)- installation of decentra in Sustainable locations Due to the processing of synergies between hospitals, waiting posts, local authorities and provinces organization of the centers, the organizational home doctors' government is approved always approves the locations with regard to the opening and closures is kept informed i.v.m. The satellite- no double financing provides (if federal financing is provided for infrastructure, eg via hospital or waiting post financing, then no financing will be provided from Flanders) .b. In Walloniëdewaalse Government undertakes to support the organization of the centers by intervening in the costs that are not covered by other authorities or other means, in terms of infrastructure, energy, public utilities and non-medical operating costs. EchtenGeen relate to:- the personnel costs covered by the RIZIV- personal protection products for which the federal government is responsible- amounts to any costs for the processing of data in connection with the purchase before 4 May 2020. samples and analysis result. The intervention of Wallonia will be accompanied by measures to meet the following principles: -the establishment of the centers at sustainable locations by creating synergies between hospitals, waiting posts, local authorities and provinces- an approval by the GPRENCRING ( and) over the organization of the centers prior approval by the Walloon government of the decision-making sites to open and close and to close information about what will happen with regard to the antennas- no double financing is planned (if a federal financing is already planned for infrastructure, for example via hospital - or guard item financing, there will be no financing from Wallonia) .c.c.c. in Brussels what the common community committee concerns, the means that are necessary to cover the operating costs of the triage and fall centers will be determined on the basis of the general plan "test and Triage strategy "that COCOM has been drawn up by COCOM in consultation with the FAMGB/FBHAV and the Hospital umbrella. .D. In the German-speaking community-speaking community, triage and collection centers and hospitals supports the subsidy of infrastructure projects and rehabilitation works and by supporting the purchase of medical and not-medical materials. The triage and purchasing centers are in contact with representative of the German-speaking community. In this way, their questions and needs can be treated quickly. The fellowship also responds to any urgent requests for material from the triage and afterdook centers (in addition to the support of the federal government). For a decrease in the triage and decrease center or at home are taken, the German -speaking community offers logistical support to the centers. The staff of various institutions of the German -speaking community supports temporary staff of the centers.7. Monitoring of the triage and decrease centers The role of triage and decrease centers is part of a chain of actions that both the curative aspect (care for infected patients) and the preventive aspect (detection of people who have carefully contact with infected patients, etc. ) includes the system as a whole running well, but also to facilitate administrative work at the level of triage and decrease centers, will all information required for the financing of the triage centers for the delivery of protection Whether test material or information about the accessibility of the centers, which must be available for the referring GPs and the call center responsible for the investigation of contacts, are centralized in a unique database that is made available by the federal governmentThe triage and drop-off centers are responsible for the timely and qualitative communication of data in this database, with regard to:- the GP circle (s) that takes care of the medical coordination of the center (care)- the persons responsible for the center on medical and administrative flat and for the delivery of material- the choices are made with regard to the location of their triage and purchase functions and their opening hours; delivered daily;- the daily retrieval and collection activity, with the exception of data relating to the purchase function that would be available elsewhere (inter alia in the sciensano database). The absence of sufficient information in the central database will lead to an interruption of deliveries of (protection or purchase) material to the centers involved n to interrupting its financing by the riziv.the decisions of the centers to open or close a location that assigned to the purchase function is (on the understanding that the purchase function is at least at least at one location), as well as the decision to their to put or reactivate triage function `On Hold ', the object must be decided to make a prior consultation with the partentity to which the center belongs. This consultation must enable the partiality to pay its commitments regarding the financing of the operating costs of the triage and decrease centers after to come, but also to fulfill his role in guaranteeing the accessibility of the triage and purchasing functions in his entire territory. All information that is collected in the central database, will be accessible to both the federal government as well as the partials. Including those who relate to the test circuit and which are registered b IJ Sciensano - must enable the federal government and governments of the Deeltitieses to follow the patient flows in the context of the two functions that are entrusted to the triage and purchasing centers in relation to the activity within the hospitals and the activity of other primary care providers.8. Future regulatory framework for the organization of supporting structures and of the triage and purchasing centers, the federal government and the sharing transitions are committed to working together by 30 June 2020 of the elements of a suitable regulatory framework for a standardized approach with regard to support structures in the context of a pandemic or a situation with a similar impact in terms of care provision and the control of the crisis. In this framework will be determined - of course - in line with the modalities in this protocol - how these temporary structures are activated and recognized, who who on the site will be responsible for the rollout of such tough structures (general practitioner circles), which geographical area will operate the structure, which functions are offered, how the data flows will run, which allowances will be granted, to which quality requirements the involved structures must be satisfactory. A regulation is worked out to be the implementation of the functions within these structures can be made enforceable, also with regard to the availability of personnel. In addition, the rolls of the federal government and the federated entities will be clearly identified, with respect of the applicable Distribution of competence. Entrance this regulation comes into effect on 20 May 2020, date on which the Interministerial Conference Health has approved the Protocol Agreement. For the Federal State: m. De Block, Minister of Social Subjects and Public Health, and of Asylum and Migration Poor The Flemish Community and the Flemish Region: W. Beke, Flemish Minister for Welfare, Public Health, Family and Poverty Reduction.pourla Région Wallonne: c. Morreale, vice-présidente et ministre de l'Emploi, de la formation, de la santé, the l'Action social, the l'Egalité des chances et des drits des femmespour lacommuné française: b. Linard, vice-présidente et ministre de l'Enfance, the lasanté, de la culture, des médias et des drits des femmesv. Glatigny, Ministre Del'ENSENSEIGERNement Supérieur, De L'Enseiggement de la Promotion Social, des Hôpitaux Universitaires, del'aide à la Jeunesse, des Maisons de Justice, de la Jeunesse, des Sports et de Bruxellesvoorde Common community commission of Brussels- Capital: A. Maron, Membredu Collège Réuni de la Community Community, Chargé de la Santé et Action SocialeVan den Brandt, member of the United College of the Common Community Commission, charged with Health and Welfare Pour Le Collège de la Community Française Debruxelles-Capital: A..sciensano.be/Sites/Default/Files/COVID19/COVID-19_Case%20Definition_Testing_nl.pdf 2 In March 2020, 152 centers were registered by the RIZIV: 12 in Brussels, 94 in Flanders, 44 in Wallonia and 2 in German-language community.