Publication: 2020-01-14Numac: 2020010053brussels-Capital Region8 January 2020.-Ministerial Decree establishing the models of form referred to in Article 8, § 1 of the decision of the Brussels-Capital Government of 19 January 2017 establishing the modalities of the favoring regime applicable to the inheritance tax in the transfer of family companies and family companies Minister of the Brussels -Capital Government, charged with Finance and Budget, in view of the Code of Inheritance Taxes, Article 60bis/2, § 1, inserted by the ordinance of 12 December 2016 containing the second part of the tax reform; in view of the decision of the Brussels -Capital Government of 19 January 2017, the modalities of the favorable regime applicable to the inheritance rights in the transfer of family companies and family companies, in view of the same -peantsentesteesto -operated in application of article 2 of the ordinance of 4 October 2018 in the introduction of the Equal Cancel's Test; predominantly Article 8 of the above decision states that the Minister of the Brussels -Capital Government, charged with finance and budget, is authorized to check whether the conditions for the preservation of the tax benefit regime, which was obtained in the context of the transfer of one -family enterprise or a family company, were fulfilled until the end of the three -year period that starts with the death of the Decujus, as referred to in Article 60bis/ 2, § 1, of the Code of inheritance tax; Whereas this Ministerial Decree contains no regulatory rules within the meaning of Article 3, § 1, first paragraph, of the Coordinated Laws of the Council of State of 12 January 1973, it is not subject to the advice of the Council of State, legislation department, decision: Article 1. The form intended to check or the conditions for H the preservation of the fiscal favor regime, which was obtained in the context of the transfer of a family business, were fulfilled until the end of the three -year period started with the death of the Decujus, as referred to in Article 60bis/2, § 1 of The Inheritance Tax Code, has been resumed in Appendix 1 of this decision. 2. The form that intended to check whether the conditions for maintaining the tax benefit regime, which was obtained in the trailer of the transfer of a family company, have been filled until the end of the three -year period that starts with the death of the Decujus, as referred to in Article 60bis/2, § 1 of the Code of inheritance tax, has been resumed in Appendix 2 to this Decree. 3. This decision has elaborated with effect from 1 January 2020.brussel, January 8, 2020. The minister of the Brussels -Capital Government, charged with finance, budget, public office and the promotion of multilingualism, s. Gatz for the consultation of the table, see imagePublication: 2020-01-28Numac: 2020010193Federal Public Service Financial Administration of Taxation. - Income taxes. - Message to determine a new model of certificate no. 281.85, which allows the required evidence to provide the tax reduction for the acquisition of new shares of starting companies in accordance with Article 14526, §§ 4 t.e.m. 6, of the 1992 Income Tax Code (WIB 92) and Article 6312/1, of the Royal Decree on implementation of the WIB 92 (KB/WIB 92). - This message changes the message givers in the Belgian Official Gazette of 16.02.2018i. General -staring companies are difficult to collect capital. The aim is to mobilize private capital for providing risk capital to non-listed small companies that help with a financing deficit camps. To help starting small companies, a tax incentive is provided. If there are any conditions, the citizens who invest in those companies receive a tax reduction of 30 % or 45 % of the amount invested in the relevant company. Citizens can invest in different ways in shares of starting companies:- directly, by acquiring new shares of That company, whether or not via a crowdfunding platform;-or indirectly, by acquiring: • New investment instruments issued by a financing vehicle, • New rights of name in a public starter fund, • New rights of participation in a private starterprivak , who invests their turn in shares of starting companies. This tax reduction is determined in Article 14526, of the WIB 92. For a detailed discussion, interested parties can consult the FAQ who the FPS finances on its website (http://finances.belgium.be/nl)en In the FisconetPlus database (www.fisconetplus.be) published. To be able to get (and retain) the tax reduction, the tenderers must keep documents available to the administration. Articlesel6312/1 of the Royal Decree/WIB 92 determines the way in which these documents must be drawn up by, the starting company, the starting company, The Financingvehikel, the public starters Fund or the Private Startersprivak. A copy of those documents must be delivered to the administration to the administration by the end of it. Documentenii.a to be awarded. Investment new shares of starting companies, whether or not through a crowdfunding platform, and investment in new investment instruments issued by a financing -hiked company or the financing vehicle must prepare the following documents: 1. a document for the year of acquiring the shares of the starting company or of the new investment instruments; a document for each of the four years following the year of acquisition; 3. a document for the year of alienation of the shares or investment instruments if the tenderer dislavten them the 48 months after its acquisition. In the latter case, the tax reductions will be taken back.ii..1. To prepare the document for the year of acquisition of the shares of the starting company or of the new investment instruments must:-confirmation or the starting company in which investments are or may not meet the conditions included in Article 14526, § 3, first paragraph, of the WIB 92 (It concerns 11 conditions to the starting company, for example regarding the size of the company or the nature of its activity);- state the rate of the reduction that in accordance with Article14526, § 3, fifth or sixth paragraph, of the CIR 92 applies. The tax reduction equal to 30 % of the amount of the investments in a small company after deduction: • of the reimbursement for the intermediary role in the investment costs. • Of any other supplies costs. The rate can be increased to 45 % for shares of a micro company (art. 14526, § 3, sixth paragraph, WIB 92).- State the amount that entitles you to the reduction. This means that in addition to the aforementioned conditions, the provisions of the following conditions must also be respected (in particular these stated in Article 14526, §§1 and 3, third and fourth paragraph, CIR 92): for the investments in new shares of starting companies, all Then not via a crowdfunding platforma. The investment must relate to new shares; b. by name; c. Acquired in money (introduction in kind are excluded, as well as quasi-inserting:- as referred to in Articles 220 (BVBA), 396 (CVBA), 445 (NV) or 657 (Comm.From the Companies Code for the companies to which the New Code of Companies and Associations does not yet apply;- as referred to in Article 7: 8 of the Code of Companies and Associations (NV) for the companies in which the new Code of Companies and Associations applies.d. who are a group representatives of the capital of a company referred to in Article 14526, § 3, first paragraph, of the WIB 92 (comply with the 11 conditions specific to the starting company); E. The taxpayer has registered, either directly or via a crowdfunding platform , in response to the establishment of the company or a capital increase within four years, f. who has fully paid the taxpayer fully (fully paid); G.The tenderer may not be a manager directly or indirectly in the starting company; this copy is initially assessed at the time of the capital contribution. Afterwards, De Inecrijver may become the manager of the company in which he made the capital contribution, with regard to the condition that the condition that the taxpayer does not obtain a reimbursement magazine, applies for 48 months following the full payment of the shares. This also relates to persons who indirectly exercise a position of manager:- as long representative of another company,- through the intervention of another company of which these persons are shareholders. This exclusion is not only assessed at the eyes of the capital contribution, but also for a period of 48 months following the full payment of the shares of the company. There is no exception, such managers are paid in such a way, are therefore also excluded .h. The representation in the capital of the starting company may not exceed 30 %. The payments whereby a representation of more than 30 % is obtained do not entitle the tax reduction. The calculation of this representation of 30 % must be made on the basis of the number of shares representing the capital, in the case of a capital increase, in function of the situation after the capital increase; i.the investments are eligible for the tax reduction to an amount of 100,000 euros per belvisable era and per person. This maximum amount of 100,000 euros applies regardless of the way of investing:- directly, by acquiring new shares of those companies, whether or not through a crowdfunding platform,- or indirectly, by acquiring: • New investment instruments issued by a financing vehicle, • or new rights of participation in a public starter fund, • or new rights of participation in a private starter sprivou. This maximum amount is not indexed. Legates (or legitimate entrepreneurs) have any right to this maximum amount. By a finin ncieringsvehikela. The investment must relate to NieuweBeleggings instruments issued by a financing vehicle; b. as referred to in the law of18.12.2016 regulating the recognition and delimitation of crowdfunding and containing various provisions of finances; c. on which the taxpayer has registered via a crowdfunding platform; the financing vehicle, the payments of the taxpayers, after deduction of a compensation for his intermediary role, must invest directly in new shares in name; etc. that represent a fraction of the capital of one in in Article 14526, §3, first paragraph, of the WIB 92 (comply with the 11 conditions specific to the starting company); F. and that are completely filled up; h. The tenderer may not be directly or indirectly a manager in the starting company. This exclusion is the first instance assessed at the time of the capital contribution. Afterwards, the tenderer may become the welfare leader of the company in which he made the capital input, provided that he obtains any compensation for this. The condition that the taxpayer may not obtain compensation, applies for 48 months following the full payment of the shares. This exclusion relates to Persons who indirectly perform a position of manager:- as long representative of another company,- through the intervention of another company of which these persons are shareholders. This exclusion is not only assessed at the eyes of the capital contribution, but also for a period of 48 months following on the full payment of the shares of the companyThere is no exception, such managers are paid in this regard, are therefore also excluded. The representation in the capital of the starting company may not exceed 30 %. The payments whereby a representation of more than 30 % is obtained do not entitle the tax reduction. The calculation of this representation of 30 % must be made on the basis of the number of shares representing the capital, in the case of a capital increase, in function of the situation after the capital increase; the shares of the aforementioned company must have been acquired by contributing to the contribution In money (introduction Natura are excluded, as well as quasi-recovery:- as referred to in Articles 220 (BVBA), 396 (CVBA), 445 (NV) or 657 (Comm.Va) of the Code of Companies for the Companies on which it is new Code of Companies and Associations does not yet apply;- as referred to in Article 7: 8 of the Code of Companies and Associations (NV) for the companies to which the new Code of Companies and Associations applies. The investments for the tax reduction in figure up to an amount of 100,000 euros per taxable eras per person. This maximum amount of 100,000 euros applies regardless of the way of investing:-Directly, by acquiring new shares from those companies, whether or not through a crowdfunding platform,-or indirectly, by acquiring: • New investment instruments issued by a financing vehicle, • or new rights of participation in a public starter fund, • Whether new rights of participation in a private starter sprivocket. This maximum amount is non -indexed. Complaints (or legal cohabitants) each have the right to this maximum amount. Morning for the two investing ways of investment via a crowdfunding platform, this platform must be: a. be a Belgian platform; or a platform under the right of a different Member State of the European Economic Area; b. that as an alternative-financing platform was licensed by the Authority for Financial Services and Markets or is operated by a Belgian-ruled company or a regulated company under the right of another Member State of the European Economic Area, which may, on the basis of its status, perform such an activity , in accordance with the law of 18.12.2016 regulating the recognition and definition of crowdfunding and keeping-diverse provisions on finances. always has in his possession (in accordance with Article 14526, § 4, of the WIB 92) .ii.a.2. to be drawn up the document for each of the four years following the year of acquiring the shares or investment instruments must confirm that:- The shares or investment instruments are still the possession of the tenderer on 31 dece mber of the taxable era;- the starting company still meets the following four conditions (provided for in Article 14526, § 3, second paragraph, of the CIR 92): a. It is not an investment, thesaurie or financing company.b.b.zij is not a company with the articles of association or main activity the establishment, acquisition, management, renovation, sale or rental of real estate for its own account or the possession of the participants in companies with a similar purpose. are also excluded, companies where immovable property (or other business rights with regard to such goods) are established, of which a manager or his spouse or non-guarded minor children have the use. A starting company that owns ownership From a real estate that manager (natural person) lives, is therefore certainly excluded.c. It has not been established with a view to concluding a management or director agreement or is not a corporate source of income from management or directors' agreements. Dividen or the purchase of shares, nor before providing loans. If these conditions are fulfilled non -langer during the 48 months following the full payment of the shares, the tax reductions will be taken back.ii.a.3. To prepare the document for the year of alienation of the shares or investment instrumenting company or the financing vehicle must draw up this document if the tenderer dismisses the shares or investment instruments within the 48 months of its acquisition. In that case, the tax reduction will be partially taken back, die of the tendererIn the latter case, the company or the finance vehicle must no longer draw up a certificate from the taxable era in which the taxpayer is deceased. This return is done for the year in which the condition is no longer fulfilled, in the form of a tax increase. The return is calculated in function of the number of 'missing months' from the date on which the condition is no longer fulfilled, until the end of the term of 48 months. The aforementioned document must therefore be taken into account the number of months that have not yet been expired For the calculation of the restraint of the tax reduction.ii.b.investing in new rights of participation in a public starter fund or a private starter sprivable starters fund or the private starter sprivter must prepare the following documents: 1. one -document for the taxable era in which the date of 31 December falls on which the investment conditions are met (which corresponds to the year for which the reduction is granted); 2. a document for each of the four following years; 3. A document for the year of alienation of the rights of participation if the tenderer alienates them within 48 months after the end of the taxable time for which the tax reduction is granted. In the latter case, the tax -reductions will be taken back.ii.b.1. To prepare the document for the taxable era where the date of 31 December on which the investment conditions have been met, must:-confirm that the public starter fund or the private starter sprivrak meets the condition included Article 14526, § 2, third paragraph, of the Wib 92 (Investment conditions). This means that the public starter fund and the private starter privou, if necessary after deduction of a reimbursement for their intermediary role, must only invest in the investments mentioned below within the boundaries mentioned below: 1 ° at least 80 pCt. is • directly invested in new name shares, • which represent a fraction of the capital of one in art. 14526, § 3, first paragraph, of the WIB 92 (comply with the 11 conditions specific to the starting company), • issued by the establishment of such a company or a capital increase within four years after its establishment, and that complete are full -bodied.2 ° at most 20 pCt. is being held in the form of cash, • in a account in Euro or in a currency of another Member State of the European Economic Area, • In a credit institution that has been recognized and controlled by a supervisory government of a Member State of the European Economic Area. If a public starter fund or a PrivateStartersprivak sets up compartments, the aforementioned conditions apply to each compartment-to-do unusual. The tax reduction amounts to 30% of the amount of investments after deduction of: • The reimbursement of the public starters fund and the private starter sprivter for their intermediary role • any other associated costs. State the amount that entitles you to the reduction. This means that the conditions provided for in article 14526, §§ 1 t.e.m. 3, WIB 92 are fulfilled. This means that the conditions mentioned above should also be respected, the conditions mentioned below must also be respected: A. de Investment must relate to new rights of participation; b. By name; C. Writed with Introduction to money; d. who represent a fraction of the capital in an public starter fund or a private starter sprivou. E. on which the taxpayer has written in response to the issue of those rights of participation; f. that meets the conditions set in Article 14526, § 2, of the WIB 92. This means that the public Starters Fund or the Private Starter Practak should be on top of the respect of those investment conditions: • an investment company must be; • with a fixed number of participation rights; the list of public starter funds drawn up by the Pre -Financial Services and Markets Authority, and the list of Private Starters Practaks drawn up by the FPS Finance; • Those certain reinvesting conditions respect (see Article 14526, § 2, six -off member, WIB 92) in the event of alienation of shares of starting companies during the term of 48 months after the end of the taxable era for which the tax reduction is granted; g. The investor may not be a manager in the starting company. This closure is initially assessed at the time of the capital inputAfterwards, De Inecrijver may become the manager of the company in which he made the capital contribution, with regard to the condition that the condition that the taxpayer does not obtain a reimbursement magazine, applies for 48 months following the full payment of the shares. This also relates to persons who indirectly perform a position of manager:- as a permanent representative of another company- by the intervention of another company of which these persons are shareholders. This exclusion is not only assessed at the eyes of the capital contribution, but also for a period of 48 months following following on the full payment of the shares of the company. There is no exception, such managers are paid in such a way, are therefore also excluded .h. The representation in the capital of the starting company may not exceed 30 %. The payments whereby a representation of more than 30 % is obtained do not entitle the tax reduction. The calculation of this representation of 30 % must be made on the basis of the number of shares representing the capital, in the case of a capital increase, in function of the situation after the capital increase; i.the investments are eligible for the tax reduction to an amount of 100,000 euros per belvisable era and per person. This maximum amount of 100,000 euros applies regardless of the way of investing:- directly, by acquiring new shares of those companies, whether or not through a crowdfunding platform,- or indirectly, by acquiring: • New Investment instruments issued by a financing vehicle, • or new rights of participation in a public starter fund, • or new rights of participation in a private starter sprivou. This maximum amount is not indexed. Completes (or legitimate entrepreneurs) have each right to this maximum amount for their own expenditure. that the tenderer the rights of participation NG has purchased in the intended taxable era or a single period and still has it in its possession at the end of that taxable era (corresponding article 14526, § 4, WIB 92) .ii.b.2. To draw up the document for the four following years must confirm that:- the rights of participation are still in the possession of the tenderer on 31 December of the taxable era-- the starting company (s) in which was invested still the following four Conditions respects/respect (provided for in Article 14526, § 3, second paragraph, of the CIR 92): a. She is not investment, thesaurie or financing company.b. It is not a company with as a statutory main objective or main activity the establishment, acquisition, management, the renovation, the sale or the rental of real estate for its own account or the possession of participations in companies with an elderly purpose. Also excluded, companies in which immovable property (or other business rights with regard to such goods) have been housed, of which a manager or his spouse or non-guarded minor children have the use. A starting company that owns a real estate in which the manager (natural person) lives is therefore without more excluded.c. It was not established with a view to concluding one-management or director agreement or is not a company that is its main source of income from management or directors' agreements.d. She does not use the sums in the Tax Shelter's framework for the payment of dividends or the purchase of shares, nor for the provision of loans. If these conditions are no longer met during the 48 months following the full payment of the shares, the tax reduction will to be taken back in part.ii.b.3. to be drawn up the document for the year of alienation of the rights of participation -publiced ​​starters fund or the private starter sprivter must prepare this document for the year of alienation of the rights of participation if the tenderer transfers it within the 48 months after the end of the taxable era for which the tax reduction is granted. In that case the tax reduction will be partially reversed, except in the event of the death of the tenderer. In the latter case, the public starters fund or the private starter sprivter must no longer draw up a certificate from the taxable era in which the taxpayer has died. This return is done for the year in which the condition is no longer fulfilled, in the form of a tax increase. The return is calculated in function of the number of 'missing full months' from the date on which the condition is no longer fulfilled until the end of the 48 -month periodThe aforementioned document must therefore state the number of months that have not yet expired that must be taken into account for the calculation of the return of the tax reduction.iii. Term for drawing up the documenteniii.a. Investment in new shares of starting companies, already DAN any via a crowdfunding platform, and investment in new investment instruments issued by single -finance -to -start company or the Financingvehikel must deliver the aforementioned documents to the tendering of the Full of the year that follows of the year that follows the previous year that of the previous year that of the previous year that follows of the previous year of the time of the time of the time of the time of the time of the time of the time of the time of thetight of the time of the time of the time of the time of the time of the time of thetight of the time of the time of the time of the time of the time of the time of the age of the time of the time of the time of the time of the age of the time of the that follows us took over for the Full -throats or the new investment instruments and of the four following years. The starting company or the financing vehicle must also provide a copy of this to the administration within the same term (see below). Example: Direct investment shares of a starting company in 2019. The starting company must be the tenderer:-the document for the year 2019 (year of acquisition) deliver before 31.03.2020;- the document for the year 2020 (first year of the preservation period of 4 years) delivered before 31.03.2021;- the same principle for the three following years. If the tenderer in the example of the stock 2020 alienates , the company must provide him with a certificate with the number of not yet expired months that it must be taken into account for calculating the return of the tax reduction. This certificate must be delivered before 31.03.2021.III.B. Investment in new rights of participation in a public starter fund or a private starter sprivouice the public starters fund or deprivate starter's sprivraque must provide the aforementioned documents to the tenderer before 31 March of the year that follows the taxable era in which the public starter fund or the private Startersprivak meets the investment conditions (= year for which the reduction is awarded), and of the four following years. The Public Starters Fund or the Private Startersprivakmoet also deliver a copy of this to the administration within the same period (see below). Example: Acquisition of rights of participation in a public starter fund in 2018. On 31.12.2019 it is stated that the public starter fund meets the investment conditions . If all other conditions are met, the tax reduction can therefore be granted for the year 2019 (tax year 2020). The Tenderer Fund must provide the tenderer:- the document for the year 2019 (year for which reduction is granted) before 31.03.2020;- the document for the year 2020 (first year of the preservation period of 4 years) deliver before 31.03.2021;- same principle for the following three years. In the example of the investor in the example, the public starter fund must provide him with a certificate with The number of not yet expired months that must be taken into account for the calculation of the repayment of the tax reduction. This certificate must be delivered to him before 31.03.2021.IV. Transfer of the documents to the administration geitreiker of the documents (depending on: starting company, financing vehicle, Public Starters Fund or Private Startersprivak) must provide a copy of the documents to the administration. From 01.01.2020, the copy must be delivered to the administration electronically . Hijmoet do this within the same period as this within which he must deliver the documents to the tenderer. To comply with this obligation, there are two options: 1. The certificate 281.85 can be sent electronic via the application Belcotax-on-Web:- either input of the data online and shipping via the internet;- either creating a file offline and shipping via the internet. The application is accessible via the address: https: // finances .Belgium.be/NL/E-services/Belcotaxonwebeenvalidation program is integrated in the web application. There is also a non -integrated offline validation module that can be downloaded via the website www.belcotaxonweb.be in the section `Technical documentation '. The data that was entered electronically can be consulted, changed or deleted via Internet.de procedure for the entry From the data via the screen is explained on the website www.belcotaxonweb.be in the section `How to use bow? '. There is also a brochure` Belcotax on Web' with the technical description of the files. This document is downloaded from the website www.belcotaxonweb.be Under the section `Technical Documentation'.2.Te Documents can also be sent by e -mail to the following service: SME Centerbrussel II - Documentation center - Performing taxmo.bv.prp .pme@minfin.fed.bevanaf01.012020 is a shipment by post or a personal handing over the documents to the administrationite more admitted.Non-obligation model certificate has a model certificate that may use the endorses of the documents.This model is then displayed.For the consultation of the table, see image