Publication: 2020-11-04Numac: 2020043487Federal Public Security Service Social Security29 October 2020.-Royal Decree on the lifting of Article 66, § 4, of Royal Decree No. 20 of 13 May 2020 containing temporary measures in the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemieemia and to ensure the continuity of care in the compulsory insurance for medical care film, King of the Belgians, to all who are now and will hereinafter refer to our regards. against Decovid-19-Pandemie and to ensure the continuity of care in the compulsory insurance for medical delivery, Article 72; Having regard to Article 15 of the Law of 25 April 1963 on the management of the public utility institutions for social security and social pre-care; In view of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, Article 3, § 1; Given the urgent necessity; he state of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Pandemie the Belgian territory; predominantly the guidelines of the Risk Management Group investigating the SARS-COV-2 virus; The SARS-COV-2 virus as provided for in article 66, § 4, of the aforementioned Royal Decree No 20 corresponds to the DieWordt procedure used for subcontracting other PCR tests from Article 24bis of the Nomenclature, are performed by a small number laboratories of the prescribed case is better placed to provide the administrative follow -up; o Increased that the Omwillevan de Public Health, and in particular the provision of sufficient test capacity in the framework of the pandemic, is necessary that the modalities regarding cooperation between laboratory tunnen are adjusted, so that this decision must be taken and published as quickly as possible; Minister of Social Affairs, we have decided and we decide: article1. Article 66, § 4, of the Royal Decree No 20 of 13 May 2020 containing temporary measures in the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie and to ensure the continuity of care in mandatory insurance for medical care is canceled. 2. This decision takes effect on the day following the announcement in the Belgian Official Gazette.art. 3. The Minister for Social Affairs is charged with the implementation of this Decree in Brussels, 29 October2020.filip van Koningsweight: the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health, Fr.vandenbrouckePublication: 2020-11-06numac: 2020043534Brussels-Capital Region22 October 2020.-Ministerial Decree on the delegation of powers and signatures on the decision of the Brussels-Capital Government of 22 October 2020 on support to hotels and aparthotels in the context of the Health Crisis Covid-19DE Minister of the Brussels -capital government charged with economics, in view of the special law of 12 January 1989 with regard to the Brussels institutions, Article 40, § 1; Having regard to the ordinance fans 3 May 2018 on the support for the economic development of companies, Article 28; In view of the decision of the Brussels -Capital Government of 18 July 2000 regulating its working -handed arrangement regulation of the signing of the government's deeds, Articles 5, 8 °, and 10; havings 2020 on support to Hotelsen Aparthotels in the context of the HealthC Risis COVID-19, Article 2; Considering the Organic Ordinance of 23 February 2006 containing the provisions applicable to the budget, the accounting the control; Whereas the decision of the Brussels-Capital Government of 25 March1999 on the delegation of drawing authority for financial matters to the civil servants-general of the Ministry of the Brussels-Capital Region; predominantly the decision of the Brussels-capital government of 13 July 2006 on the administrative and budget control as well as budget format; Decree of the Brussels -Capital Regulations of 21 March 2018 on the administrative status and the remuneration scheme of the officials of the Ministry of the Brussels -Capital Region, Articles 23 and 24; Considering the Ministerial Decree of 22 July 2019 t t adoption of the powers of the State Secretarist adding to the Minister of the Brussels -Capital Government, authorized to climate transition, environment, energy and participatory democracy; Civil servants-general of the Brussels Regional Public Service; mostly the Minister can authorize the official-general to further delegate those powers and to let them down to the same and contractual officials who are subject to their hierarchical authority, provided that they give knowledge; A rapid and effective treatment of the applications from the companies is required to delegate the powers and signatures to the most functional level; neming the conditions and further rules as laid down in the relevant regulations issued by the Brussels -Capital Government, but mostly a rapid and effective treatment of the applications required an exception to the regulations the government remains competent for premiums whose financial reflection more than 500,000 Euro is, Decree: Article 1. This Decree applies to Brussels Economy and Employment of the Brussels regional government service, charged with the implementation of powers regarding the economy, as intended in Article 6, § 1, VI, of the Special Law for Reform of the institutions of 8 August 1980, as changed to the present.art. 2. For the purposes of this Decree: 1 ° "The Director General": the Director-General of Brussels Economy and Employment of the Brussels regional government service; 2 ° "The decision of 22 October 2020": The decision of the Brussels-capital government of October 22, 2020 on support for hotels and aparthotels in the Framework for the health crisis covid-19.art. 3. For the decision of award or refusal of support for implementation and with application of the decision of 22 October 2020, as well as for the correspondence alignment, delegation of authority and signature is granted to the Director General, without limiting the amount.art . 4. For the recording and liquidation of credit, are intended for the implementation and application of the decision of 22 October 2020, as well as the correspondence regarding those transactions, delegation of authority and signature is granted the director-general, without limiting the amount .Art. 5For the refusal of the requests or of the liquidation of support due to inadmissibility or unfounded, pursuant to the decision of 22 October 2020, as well as for the correspondence regarding those transactions, a delegation of authority is given signature to the Director General, without limiting the amount.Art. 6. The delegations granted to the Director-General to the Director-General will also be granted, in accordance with the provisions of Article 7 of the Decree of 25 March 1999 on the delegation of drawing authority for financial affairs to the official-general of the Ministry of the Brussels-Capital Region to the official who is charged with the observation of the office of the holder or who replaces Diehem in the event of temporary absence or impediment. In the case of temporary absence or prevent the official concerned, above the mention of his degree and signature, deformula "for the director general, absent ".Art. 7. The Director-General who uses the powers delegated by this Decree places the formula "on behalf of the Minister" .Art. 8. The powers delegated in this Decree are granted to all hierarchical several of the Director General, as well as the State Secretary of the Brussels-Capital Region, competent for Economy.art. 9. The Director-Generalis authorized for the delegations granted to him in this Decree, in accordance with the provisions of the Decree of 25 March 1999 on the delegation of drawing authority for financial matters the official-general of the Ministry of the Brussels-Capital Region, in full or partially delegation. The delegation is done by Mi22el of a written deed that is responsible for the Minister for the Economy, the Minister competent for Finance and Budget, Deminister competent for civil servants and the Court of Audit. 10. The delegate powers as referred to in this Decree are granted subject to the evocation law of Deminister competent for Economy.art. 11. This Decree is transferred to the Minister for Finance and Budget and to the Minister competent for civil servants, as well as the Court of Audit.art.12. This decision comes into effect on the day of entry into force of the decision of 22 October 2020.brussel, 22 October 2020. The Minister of the Brussels -Capital Government, competent for Economy, A.Maron