Publication: 2020-10-02Numac: 202004323 Ministerie of the French Community 24 September 2020.-Decree ratifying the decision of special powers no. 39 of the government of the French Community of 20 June 2020 that strives to resume film recordings by the risks in related to the COVID-19 crisis in guaranteeing the parliament of the French Community and we, the government, ratify what follows: any article. The decision of special powers no. 39 of the government of the French Community of 20 June 2020 that aims to resume the risks in connection with the COVID-19 crisis to guarantee is ratified with effect on the date of its entry into force in accordance with Article 4 of the decree of 17 March2020 to the granting of special powers to the government in the context of the health crisis in connection with the COVID-19 Coronavirus enclosures, orders that it will be announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. President, P.-Y Linarde Minister of Higher Education, Education for Social Promotion, University Hospitals, Assistance to Youth, Justice Houses, Youth, Sport and promotion of Brussels, v. Glatignyte Minister of Education, C.Desir _______ Notaziting 2020-2021pieces of parliament. -Decree design, no. 117-1. -Commission amendment (s), no. 117-2 text adopted during the committee, no. 117-3- Text adopted during the plenary meeting, no. 117-4.integral report.- Discussion and contracting. - Meeting of September 23, 2020.Publication: 2020-09-30numac: 2020043225federal Public Service Interior Affairs 28 September 2020.-Ministerial Decree amending the Ministerial Decree of 30 June 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19. - German translation below is the German translation of the Ministerial Decree of 28 September 2020 amending the Ministerial Decree of 30 June 2020 containing urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (Belgian Official Gazette of 25 September2020). This translation was drawn up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.Föderaleröffentlicher Service Inneres25. SEPTEMBER 2020 - Ministerieller Erlass zur Abänderung des MinisteriellenErlasses vom 30. Juni 2020 zur Festlegung von Dringlichkeitsmaßnahmen zur Eindämmung der Ausbreitungdes Coronavirus COVID-19Der Minister der Sicherheit und des Innern,Aufgrund des Gesetzesvom 31. Dezember 1963 über den Zivilschutz, des Artikels 4;Aufgrund des Gesetzes vom 5. August1992 über das Polizeiamt, of Article 11 und 42; Aufgrund des Gesetzes vom 15. Mai 2007 Überdie Zivile Sicherheit, of Article 181, 182 und 187; Aufgrund des Königlichen Erlasses Nr. 44vom 26. June 2020 in Bezug auf die gemeinsame verarbeitung von Durch sciensano und die von denzuständigen regionalbehörden oder den Zuständigen agenturen Bestimmten Kontaktzenten, Geundhe-Gorzon-Spekton-Service-Supild Mobilen-Service Supild Mobilen-Supild Mobilen's Supild Mobilen-Supild Mobilen-Supild Beeksdaarslungdslungdslungd-Supild Beyild Beyild Mobilen-Supild Beyild Beyild Mobiles Dating Bank Bei Sciensano; Aufgrund des Ministerialle Erlassesvom 30. June 2020 Zur Festlegung von Dringlichkeitsmaßnahmen Zur Eindämmung der Ausbreitung Descoronavirus Covid-19; Aufgrund von Article 8 § 2 Nr. 1 und 2 des Gesetzes vom 15. Dezember2013 zur Festlegung verschiedener Bestimmungen in Sachen administrative Vereinfachung ist vorliegenderErlass von der Auswirkungsanalyse beim Erlass von Vorschriften befreit;Aufgrund der Stellungnahmedes Finanzinspektors vom 24. September 2020;Aufgrund der am 25. September 2020 abgegebenenStellungnahme der Minister, die im Rat Darüber Beraten Haben; Aufgrund der am 12. January 1973 Cordinators Gesetze über the Staatsrat, of the articles 3 § 1 Absatz 1; Aufgrund der Dringlichkeit, which es nicht Zuld, Das Gutachten of Gutsbesbungsabeilung of the state Aufgrund der Notwenderkeit, Maßnahmen zu Erwägen, who is Sich Auf epidemiological Erbnisse Stützen, who sich tag für tagwiettwickeln, wobei who jüngstenergebnisse die auf der Sitzung of the Nationale -2020. September 2020. Dass es daher urgently Erforderlich isst, Mestimme Maßnahmen zu Erernundund Other Anzupassen; in Erwägung der Konzertierungen Zwischen the Regierungen of the Furierierteilgebiet und den Zuständigen Föderalen Behörden imtanden Sicherheitsratratratrat, am 10.undsratratratratratratrat, of am 10.undsratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratrat, am 10.und. . Und 24. April 2020, am 6., 13., 20. und 29. Mai 2020, am 3., 24. und 30. June2020, AM 10., 15., 23. und 27. July 2020, AM 20 . August 2020 und am 23. September 2020 sister -to -eatist; in Erwägung des articles 191 of the Verdags über that Arbeitsweise der Europäischen Union, in Dem das Prinzip der Vorsorge im Rahmen der Bewältigung einltigung Gesundheitskrise Under Arakertung aufentung; Dass Dieses Prinzip VoraSETZT, Dass that Öffentlichen Bei der Feststellung, Dass Ein Ernst Risiko Höchstwahrscheinlich Eintretenwird, Urgent und Vorläufige Schutzmaßnahmen ergreifen;) Dergungn. 2016/679 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates Vom27. April 2016 Zum Schutz Natürlicher Persons Bei der Verarbeitung Passenger Dating, Zum Freiendatenverkehr und Zur AuFheBung of the Direct Line 95/46/EG; In Erwägung der Empfehlung des Rateslukon Vom Vom 2020 Zurgeweigns nicht unitedt notwindiger journeys in that eu; in Erwägung dererklärung der Whoo in Bezug auf die Eigenchaften of the Coronavirus Covid-19, Insbesondere Hinsichtlichder Hohen übertragbarkeit und Starberisikos as a pärzens of the Wägensbenmen of the Wägungens Pandemie; in der Erwägung, dass diewho am 16. März 2020 that höchste Warnstufe in Bezug auf das Coronavirus Covid-19 Ausgerufen hat, that was ausgerufen dasdiewtwirtschaft destabilisiert und Sich Rasch in the Welt Ausbreetors;June 2020, according to which the transition to a "new normality" on the principles of public health and on economic and social considerations and that the decision-makers must follow the guidance principle of a step-by-step and careful transition; European area and in Belgium; that the total number of infection continues to increase; Remember that the Coronaviruscovid-13 is apparently transferred from person to person via the air path; that the transfer of the sickness certificate to all possible types of distribution is carried out by the mouth or nose; in consideration of the number of infections and the number of deaths in Belgium since March 13, 2020; inheritance of the opinion of the High Council for self -employed and KMB of April 22, 2020; in weighing that the entire national territory is affected by the danger; That it is generally interest that the measures taken to maintain public order are, which means that their efficiency is maximized; in the consideration that in view of the previous gathering in closed and covered places, but also at the open sky, there is still a particular risk of health represent the population; in the consideration that a police measure is essential and proportionate to restriction and monitoring gathering of more than 10 people below; in the consideration that the above -mentioned measure is that the number of acute infection is reduced on the one hand and consequently the intensive care is possible to absorb the most difficult patients under the best possible conditions, and that on the other hand, the researchers are given more time to develop efficient treatment methods and vaccine; that this measure can also make contact tracking easier; inheritance of the report of the expert group for the Exit Strategy (GEES) of April 22, 2020, which contains a gradual concept for gradual withdrawal of the measures and is mainly based on three essential aspects, namely wearing one Protective mask, testing and tracing; that the report strives for equal guidance of the preservation of physical and mental health, the fulfillment of educational orders in the area of ​​teaching and the resumption of the economy; in consideration of the GEES and the statements of the Celeval; in consideration of the statement of the Health Council of July 9, 2020; In consideration of the Phoenix plan for a restart of the trade of Comeos; in consideration of the "guidelines for the opening of business to intend to protect the spread of Covid-19", which is made on the website of the federal service. Guide to contain the expansion of Covid-19 at work ", which is made available on the website of the federal public service, work and social concerting; in consideration of the" Guideline for a safe resumption of the restaurant industry to contain the spread of COVID-19 " the on the web Site of the Federation of Economy is made available; inner weighing of the protocols, which are determined by the responsible ministers in concert with the relevant sector; in the consideration that a mayor, if he determines that the subsequent ministerial decree or the Applicable protocols, in the interest of people's health, can order the administrative closure of the relevant personnel; in consideration of the royal decree of May 22, 2019, over the emergency planning and the coping of emergency situations at local and provincial level and on the role of the mayor and provincial governors in crisis events and in Crisis situations that require coordination or coping with a national level; in consideration of the ministerial decree of13. March 2020 to trigger the federal phase with regard to coordination and crisis management.August 1996 on the well -being employee in the execution of their work and his execution lens; in consideration of concerting in the concerting committee; in the consideration that due to the current epidemiological situation, a drastic restriction of social contacts is still necessary; in the question that this situation also It is still necessary to limit the maximum number of those who can participate in certain gatherings; that the experts have pointed out several times that dancing in this context carries a very high risk of the transmission virus; that dancing is therefore still prohibited in companies in the hotel and restaurant industry, at seat reclaims and banquets and at certain types of approved events; in the consideration that the testing and tracing capacity has been increased; in the consideration that covid is combated -19 In Belgium it is necessary to ensure precise monitoring of the state of health from cities, municipalities, districts, regions or countries, also within the Schengen area, the European Union or the United Kingdom, for the Celeval on the basis Epidemiological criteria has determined a high risk of health; and consideration that it is important for partners who live in different countries who have possible to meet, even if they are not married; the enacted health regulations requires; that a 'Passenger Locator Form' is used for adequate monitoring and tracing travelers; in the consideration that this document is filled with a pre -defined group of travelers, which depends on the epidemiological situation in the abbeyland; that this epidemiological situation changes rapidly and also requires the travelers to monitor the epidemiological situation; that it is therefore necessary with regard to effective crisis management and the protection of public health to extend this obligation to all travelers to Belgium; in the consideration that an electronic form has been introduced that must be used by travelers; that the electronic form is preferred to facilitate the administrative processing by the authority; that this form must therefore be used by the travelers, unless this is not possible for material reasons, among other things, because the traveler has an internet -enabled device in the abridious sand; Contribution and health surveillance to ensure the responsible services; in the consideration that with regard to compliance with health recommendations and social distancing, the sense of responsibility and solidarity of every citizen is still appealed to; plays an important role in the strategy of gradual withdrawal measures; that wearing a protective mask of the population is therefore recommended in all situations in which the rules of social distancing cannot be adhered to so that the virus is avoided; that wearing a protective mask is mandatory in certain facilities and specific situations; that the mask may only be taken for the time necessary, e.g.To eat drinks and dishes, for cleaning the nose or for reading lip for the deaf and hard of hearing; that wearing a protective mask is not sufficient and always has to go hand in hand with the other prevention measures; that social distancing is the most important and priority -proof; in the consideration that the experts from Celeval recommend the number of people with whom contact is maintained, that is, people with whom the rules of social distancing are not adhered to during the determined period of time ; Considering that Diebürger must be clearly informed where and when a mask must be worn; that the first times must be stopped to which this measure is in force; that the specified period acts must be corresponded to the times, to which larger human flows are expected or an increased risk of transmission; in consideration that the basic hygiene measures remain unnecessary; in the consideration that activities in free should be preferred; that, if this is not possible, the rooms must be ventilated sufficiently; in the consideration that it is necessary to take additional pre -view measures in relation to people who belong to a risk group; , it is nevertheless necessary to further prohibit activities in which there is a high risk of the spreading virus to devote special attention and activities that lead to a too close contact with the participants and/or too many people; the health situation is regularly assessed; That this means that a return to strict measures can never be excluded; in the consideration that the protocols, which are determined by the responsible minister in concert with the relevant sectors, after consultation with a virologist from the rule of 1.5 m between the Personal; Due to the urgency, issues: Article 1. Article 7 of the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 to determine urgency measures. The spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 is replaced as follows: "In shopping centers for the receipt of customers at least the following specific modalities : 1. per 10 m2ist a customer permits.2. The shopping center provides employees and customers to provide hand hygiene at inputs and outputs.3. The shopping center makes it easier to protect a distance of 1.5 m through soil marking and/or signage. "Art. 2.articula 8 of the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 to determine urgency measures. Inclusion of the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 is replaced as follows: "Business may remain open to the usual days and at the usual times. From the normal opening time to 22 Stay open. "Art. 3rd Article 10 of the Ministerial Decree of June 30, 2020 to determine urgency measures to contain the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 is replaced as follows: "The responsible municipal authorities can allow market and flea markets and fairgrounds under the following conditions: 1. The maximum number The visitor approved in a market is one visitor per 1.5 current market stall; this does not apply to fairs.2. The maximum number of visitors approved on a fair or a fair is 400 visitors. obliges to operate a stand to cover the mouth and nose, whether with a protective mask or an alternative made of fabric or, if this is not as possible for medical reasons, with a facial protection screen. 4. and outputs of the markets or fair for the ver Incoat. Traders and showmen may offer food or drinks for consumption on site. 7. An organization or one system is set up to check how many customers on the market or at the fun fair. 8. Creates a one-way traffic plan with separate inputs and outputs of the market or the fun fair, provided that the responsible local authorities do not grant an exceptional permit due to exceptional circumstances and set an alternative solutionWithout prejudice to Article 4 and without prejudice to the orders of the rescue and operating services, access to markets and fairs is organized by the responsible municipal authorities in such a way that the rules of the social distancing are held, in particular the maintenance of a distance of 1.5 m between people, as well as adequate Protection measures that offer a level of protection at least equivalent as that of the "Guide for the opening of business to contain the spread of COVID-19". "Art. Coronavirus Covid-19 is replaced as follows: "§ 1- Unless otherwise declared, gatherings of more than 10 people, children under the age of 12 are not included, only under the conditions provided by the available articles and for the articles available by available articles Activities allowed. § 2 - a maximum of 50 people may participate in the following activities: 1. Activities in an organized framework, in particular through a club or an association, always in the presence of a full-age trainer or an adult accompanying or supervisor, 2. Storage and courses Unter -conditions of the rules provided for in Article 15, 3. Reviews that are carried out after funding and not carried out by a professional catering/traiteur company, and in compliance with the rules provided for in Article 5. § 3 - A maximum of 200 personalities take part in the following activities: 1. Civil marriages, 2. Funeral and inserts that are not intended under No. 3, without the possibility of a creation of the body, 3. collective exercises of the cult and collective exercises of non -confessional moral assistance and activities within a philosophical non -confessional association in compliance with Article 14. § 4 - An audience of a maximum of 200 people may attend events, demonstrations, lectures and competitions that are organized indoors, in compliance with the modalities provided for in Article 4 (2) or in the applicable protocol and the audience of a maximum of 400 people may be able to events , Attendance and competitions, if they are organized outside, in compliance with the modalities provided for in Article 4 paragraph 2 or in the applicable protocol and without prejudice to article 5. Wetting events, demonstrations, receptions, banquets or competitions on public roads, the priorities are in accordance with Article 13 Approval of the competent municipal authorities required. en. § 6 - Without prejudice to an event and without prejudice to the guidelines and restrictions determined by the responsible municipal authorities, everyone may participate in sports competitions. If a sports competition is organized for more than 200 participants or on public road, the prior approval of the competent municipal authorities is required. § 7 -Invaluation of § 1 A non -limited number of people may attend seating receptions and bankettes carried out by a professional catering/traiteur company, in compliance with Art. 1 to 3 and 5 to 10 modalities -without prejudice of Article 4 paragraph 2 no. 1 and 5 to 8 - or the applicable protocol. "Art. 5. Article 13 of the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 to determine urgency measures to contain the spread of the Coronavirus Covid -19 is replaced as follows:" The responsible municipal authorities use them Matrix, which the National Security Council provided in its meeting on June 24, 2020, if you take an approval decision in relation to the organization of: 1st in Article 11 Section 4 (3) mentioned events, demonstrations or competitions, 2nd in Article 11 Section 5 mentioned rallies, 3. in Article 11 § 6 paragraph 2 mentioned sports competition. 1 o'clock morning and 6 a.m.June 2020 to determine urgency measures to contain the spread of the spread of the Coronaviruscovide-19 as follows: "Storage and courses with or without overnight and activities are allowed subject to the approval by the responsible community authorities. Several groups of a maximum of 50 people (participants and accompanying persons) are organized. The people assembled as part of such camps, courses and activities must stay in one group and are not allowed to get together with people from other group. as well as possible, in particular the protection of a distance of 1.5 m between the people. "Art.7. Article 18 of the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 to determine urgency measures. Inclusion of the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 is replaced as follows: "§ 1- not necessarily necessary trips to Belgium are prohibited. Section 2- In deviation from § 1 it is permitted : 1. To travel to Belgium from all countries of the European Union, the United Kingdoms and the United Kingdom, 2nd of countries that are on the website of the Federal Service on the website of the Federal Service to travel to Belgium. § § 3 - For trips that are based on paragraphs 1 and 2 on a country that are not a member of the Schengen area, the traveler is obliged to take the electronic version of the foreign service on the website of the federal service before the trip and to fill out the Passenger Locator form published by the Foreign Office and to present the transporter to get in Ending is not possible to use the electronic version Passenger Locator Form, he must fill out and sign the paper version of the passenger locator form published on the website of the Federation public service and the Passenger Locator form published. Passenger Locator form. If this form is missing, the carrier must prohibit the entry. In the absence of such an explanation or in the event of incorrect, misleading or incomplete information in this declaration, entry according to Article 14 of the Schengen border code or Article 43 of the law of December 15, 1980 on the entry into the Institute Stay, the branch and the removal of foreigners are denied. and filling the Passenger Locator Form published and the carrier has to be used before joining. and fill out the Locator form published by the foreigner office, sign it and send the carrier to the carrier. The carrier is obliged to forward this declaration immediately. If this form is missing, the carrier must prohibit the entry. Section 5 - In the case of a trip mentioned in the paragraph 3 and 4, in which no carrier is not used, the traveler, whose stay in Belgium exceeds 48 hours or has taken for more than 48 hours to stay outside, has been obliged to personally, before the Travel the electronic version of the passage matters on the website of the Federation of the Federation and the Passenger Locator Form, which is released from the Fander. Websites of the federal public service external matters and Passenger Locator form published, signed, signed and let Saniport. § 6 - In the execution of paragraphs 3, 4 and 5 based on the Passengerlocator form collected personal data can be collected in database I - mentioned in Article 1 §1 No. 5 of the Royal Decree No. 44 of 26June 2020 in relation to the joint processing of data by sciensano and the contact centers, health inspection services and mobile teams determined by the authorities of the responsible sub-areas or by the competent agencies as part of a contact determination with the Coronavirus Covid-19-infected persons on the basic database to be registered with Sciensano - and are processed and exchanged for the processing purposes defined in Article 3 of the above royal estate. "Art. 8. Art. 19 of the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 to determine urgency measures. replaced: "§ 1 - if a protocol or in the present decree does not provide otherwise, everyone takes the necessary measures to ensure compliance with the rules of social distancing, in particular the protection of a distance from 1.5 m between people, is. § 2- The rules of the social distancing yield are not:- for people who live under the same roof, with each other,- for children up to the age of 12, including among themselves,- for people who meet the framework of permanent close relationships, with each other,- between On the other hand, companions on the one hand. § 3 - In the deviation of § 1, users of public transport must only be 1.5 m between them within the framework of the possible. "Art. 9. Art. 9 of the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 for the definition measures to contain the Coronavirus Covid -19 is canceled. 2 mentioned cases everyone is obliged to cover mouth and nose with a mask or an alternative made of fabric if compliance with the controlled social distancing is impossible. to cover an alternative from fabric: 1. shops and shopping centers, 2. In cinemas, 3. In event, concert or conference halls, 4. In lecture halls, 5. In cult sites, 6. In museums, 7th in libraries, 8. in casinos and slot machines, 9. At trade fairs, including trade exhibitions, 10. in business streets, at markets including flea and flea markets, at fair and at lively private or public places that determine the competent municipal authorities and marked by the corresponding attacks with the times to which this obligation apply, 11. in companies in the hotel and restaurant industry, unless customers are sitting at their own table. Is not possible for a mask or alternative for material reasons for medical reasons, a facial protection screen can be used. Those who are not in the location due to a medical certificate certified by a medical certificate , to wear a protective mask, an alternative made of fabric or a facial protection screen, the provisions of the present decree that provide this obligation does not need to comply. "Article 22 of the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 to determine urgency measures. The Coronavirus Covid-19 is replaced as follows: "With the Inarticles 187 of the Law of May 15, 2007 on civil security punishments, the following articles are punished:- Article 4 to 8bis, with the exception of the provisions, the relationship between employer and employees concern,- Article 10, with Exception of the provisions that concern the relationship between employer and employee and the obligations of the municipal authorities- Article 11, 16, 18 and 21 to "Art. 12. Article 24des ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 to determine urgency measures to protect the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 as follows: "Unless otherwise provided, the measures required by October 31, 2020 are generally applicable." Art. 13. The issue will come into force on October 1, 2020, with the exception of article 7, which comes into force on September 25, 2020, Brussels, September 25, 2020p.de CremPublication: 2020-10-22Numac: 2020043234Federal Public Service Finance18 May 2020.-Royal Decree No. 59 with regard to the withdrawal of trade gifts of low value and the withdrawal for charity purposes of foods and vital non-food products other than goods other than goods can be used in the event of the added value. - German translation The following text is the Germany Tender of Royal Decree No 59 of 18 May 2020 with regard to the withdrawal of trade gifts of low value and the withdrawal for charity purposes of foods and vital foods other than goods that can be used in a sustainable way , With regard to the tax about the added value (Belgian Official Gazette of 25 May 2020). This translation is made by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.föderaleröffentlicher Service Finanzen18. Mai 2020 - Königlicher Erlass Nr. 59 über die Entnahme vonWerbegeschenken von geringem Wert und die Entnahme für wohltätige Zwecke von Lebensmitteln und lebenswichtigenNichtlebensmitteln mit Ausnahme von langlebigen Gütern in Bezug auf die MehrwertsteuerBERICHTAN DEN KÖNIGSire,vorliegender Entwurf eines Königlichen Erlasses ersetzt den KöniglichenErlass Nr. 59 Vom 28. Mai 2019 über die Entnahme von Werbegeschenken von Kleinm wert und von Lebensmittelnfür Wohltätige Zwecke in Bezug auf die Mehrwertsteuer - Belgian Staatsblatt vom 20. June 2019, Ausg.2 (Nachg.2. GENANNT). Die Ersetzung Erfolgtwegen der Einführung Eines Buchstabens C) in Article 12 § 1 Absatz 1 nr. 2 des Mehrwertsteuergesetzbuches (Nachstehend "Gesetzbuch" Gannt) Durch das Gesetz vom 7. April 2019 Zur Abänderung des Mehrwertsteuergesetzbuchesim Hinatt Aufste -Monsoe -blontheuereuererer Dieser Bestimmung Isteine ​​Regelung Vorgesehen, who is ähnlich who is that Regelung für Entnahmen von Lebensmitteln im Hinblickauf ihre un terteltliche aushändigung für wohltätige Zwecke. Auf der Grundlage dieser Bestimmung werdendaher Entnahmen von lebenswichtigen Nichtlebensmitteln durch einen Steuerpflichtigen aus seinem Unternehmenim Hinblick auf die unentgeltliche Aushändigung für wohltätige Zwecke einer Lieferung gegen Entgelt nichtgleichgesetzt, sofern es sich um Güter handelt, die nicht dauerhaft nutzbar sind und deren inhärenteEigenschaften es nicht mehr erlauben, Dass sie in Gleich Welcher Stufe des Wirtschaftskrefs Unterden Ursprünglichen clause for inverkehrbringens Verkaufts were Berücksichtigungder Zahlreichen Abänderungen des Königlichen Erlasses Nr. 59 Vom 28. Mai 2019, that that Einführung Dieserneuen Bestimmung Zur folge Hätte, is it, diesen Königlichen Ersetzen, Anstatt Ihn Abzuändern.kapitel 1 - Entnahmen vonguns vondigung vongund Vongund Vongunch Entwurfs Wird Article 1 Desköniglichen Erlasses Nr. 59 Vom 28. Mai 2019, in Dem Die Behooringungen Festgesten, Unter Dan's Entnahmenvon Gütern im Hinblick Auf aufk auf von Werbegeschenken von Klein's Lieferungen von Güternge Nichttgelt Homesbaitztzt, Funnternert Wohltätige Zwecsekekapitel 2 des Vorliegen Entwurf-Detifft Künfig who clause und Modalitäten für that Anwendung of the Rule, Dass Einer Lieferung Vongütern Gegen Entgelt Nicht Gleichgesetzt became:- In Article 12 § 1 Absatz 1 nr. 2 Buchstabeb) des Gesetzbuches Vorgesehene Lebensmittelspenden für Wohltätige Zwecke (Abschnitt 1),- in article 12 § 1 Absatz 1 nr. 2 Buchstabe c) des Gesetzbuches vorgesehene Spenden für wohltätigeZwecke von lebenswichtigen Nichtlebensmitteln mit Ausnahme von langlebigen Gütern (Abschnitt 2).InAbschnitt 3 dieses Kapitels werden die Bedingungen und Modalitäten vorgesehen, gemäß denen solcheSpenden zugunsten zugelassener Verteilungsplattformen vorgenommen werden können.Abschnitt 1- Entnahmen von Lebensmitteln im Hinblick auf the Aushändigung für wohltätige Zweckein Densartenkeln 2 und 3 of the Vorliegenden Entwurfs that became Article 2 und 3 des königlichen Erlasses Nr. 59vom 28. Mai 2019 Hinsichtlich der Entnahme von Lebensmitteln für Wohltätige Zwecke Bis Auf who Anpassungder Verweise Unverändert übernommen.in Article 4 Absatz 1 des Vorliegenden Entwurfs who were kategorenschen, who's Fon's, sparken, vonenscheneschenescheneschenescheneschenescheneschenschen, who's fangseschenescheneschenvändensponenschenescheneschenescheneschenescheneschenescheneschen. Neben den Kategorien, who are in Article 4 of the Königlichenlasses nr. 59 Vom 28May 2019 will also be mentioned in the future, distribution platforms will also be mentioned, which are approved by the minister of finance or by his representative. Chapter 2 Section 3 of the previous design is completely dedicated to the regulation that is applied to these distribution platforms, regardless of whether they are in the context of the distribution for charitable purposes of food or non -food. Therefore, reference is made to this section in particular. Providing organizations of welfare care. In order not to disadvantage organizational welfare care, which depend on their recognition of such authorities, is stated in Article 4 paragraph 2 of the draft that an organization is considered recognized if it can present a certificate from the responsible authority in which this confirms that this confirms that The organization: -Sich for the fight against poverty and the distribution of the goods mentioned in Article 2 is used,-in the situation, to distribute goods mentioned in Article 2 under good conditions-committed to not to be used in Article 2 for commercial purposes Use and to distribute them exclusively in need, and without any other consideration as a financial contribution that does not exceed this distribution with this distribution. refers to the document that the taxpayer, the food in favor of Donate it in Article 4 of the design mentioned (individually per donation or summarized per month). However, in Article 5 § 1 paragraph 1 of the draft an additional specification for this document, and the reason why the goods can no longer be sold under the normal conditions of the placement on the market as in Article 3 paragraph 1 No. 2 of the draft. For reasons of uniformity with similar obligations in section 2 in relation to non -food (Article 9 § 3 of the pre -pre -plar) and Section 3 in relation to distribution platforms (Article 12 § 3 of the pre -pre -plus draft), the obligations to dating the documents mentioned in Article 5 must be drawn up. Newly formulated and grouped in a new paragraph 3. Section2 - withdrawals of vital non -foods with the exception of long -lasting goods with regard to their handover for charitable expediency 6 to 9 of the design concern conditions and modalities for the application of the application of in Article 12 § 1 No. . 2 letter c) of the lawyer-mentioned rule that non-food donations for charitable purposes are equated with deliveries of goods against wage. that withdrawals from not For charitable purposes, deliveries of goods against remuneration are not equated. In Article 7 No. 1 of the draft, the characteristics that have to have non -food are determined so that this can be used. Goods that can actually improve the quality of life of people living in poverty. What is meant are goods that essential in the daily life of the persons concerned and enable them to have a decent life. For example, it is about:- basic body care (soaps, shampoos, toothpastes and toothbrushes), basic products for cosmetic care (cleaning creams, shavers and shaving foam) and products for babies and toddlers (diapers, adapted soaps),- basic medical products such as aspirin, Associations and disinfectants, cleaning agents for the household (floor cleaner, detergent, toilet paper, paper handkerchiefs),-school and office supplies (school bags, pencils, fillers), games and toys with limited lifespan, usual kitchen appliances (service, everyday pots and pans) ,- dresses, shoes and house, bed and table linen. In the present case, the value added tax rate, which is normally applicable on the delivery of these goods, is not a relevant distinguishing feature. Punkt6 of the report No. 67.148/3 of the State Council of April 15, 2020, in which a more precise description of the goods competent is required, does not followIn this expert opinion, the State Council suggests that in order to clarify the term "vital non -food" in the text directly to certain sections of royal decrees No. 20 of July 20, 1970 to determine the value added tax rates and to classify goods and services according to these sentences. However, it must be pointed out that the goods concerned are not determined on the basis of the VAT rate applicable to them, but on the basis of their benefits and their necessity in the context of a decent life that includes guaranteed minimum comfort. A reference to one or the other section of this royal decree would not be valid, since certain goods are not included in it (namely goods that are subject to the tax rate of 21 percent). takes considerable their first use. This is, for example, the case for toothpaste tubes that lose any commercial value as soon as it is open. Goods that have characteristics of an investment good, such as vehicles, garden or household appliances, are therefore excluded. (Article 7 No. 2 of the previous draft). to the consumption date or - which is mostly the case for non -food - the best before the date of which can still be used (according to which the estate can still be used). In Article 8 (1) of the present draft, the different categories of recipients of the non -food donations mentioned, which are available for the application of this regulation in Betrac Ht come, listed exhaustively. These are the same category from recipients as those included in Article 4 paragraph 1 of the present draft, with the exception of the food banks, which are generally limited to the distribution of food. Organizations of the Welfare Care as a recipient of non-food donations A simplified procedure for the verification by the competent authority provided if the latter has no specific approval procedure. In Article 9 of the present draft, the one mentioned in Article 5 of the draft The applicable obligation that tax liability for each donation must create a document with regard to non-food donations. In accordance with the article 9 Section 1 (2) of the draft, this document must be created at the latest on the fifteenth day of the month after the month in which the delivery of goods was caused. This document must enable this document to enable the time for each donation , to which the donation is carried out, the grant, the organization that receives the donation, the species and amount of the goods in question and the fact that the donation is carried out free of charge and to specify the reason, which is why the goods are no longer under the normal conditions of the On the market, as mentioned in Article 7 No. 2 of the draft. As for food donations this document that receives the donation that receives the donation and is countered (see article 9 § 3 of the present draft), contain an explanation of the recipient in which he does not require any consideration if he in turn Goods either handed over to the needy handling or distributed to other recipients mentioned in Article 8 (1) of the present draft, which are commissioned to redistribute the goods. Deviating from this, the recipient may require a small financial contribution that may not exceed the editions connected directly with the distribution of these goods. In line with Article 5 of the present draft, which refers to food donations, in Article 9 of Section 2 of the Designation A tolerance introduced, which concerns the principle of systematic creation of this document. In this way, taxpayers are only allowed to create a summary list of promonate in which the deliveries of goods taken over the course of the month in questionSection 3 - Obligation of the distribution platforms in the context of withdrawals of food and vital non -foods with the exception of long -lasting goods with regard to their hand over their handy distribution for charitable purpose distribution platforms include the recipient von Food donations and non -food donations that mentioned in Article 4 paragraph 1 or Article 8 paragraph 1 of the present draft Distribution platforms represent an important player in the context of the distribution of goods for charitable purposes. In fact, it happens that the tax liability company of your company will donate to the platforms that receive these goods and will be distributed to public authorities or organizations of welfare who are responsible for handing over the goods to the needy. Such platforms can have been created by a public authority as well as from a private initiative. They generally have the logistical and personnel means to collect larger amounts of goods in the grants and to store them. No. 2 of the Code provided for the regulation provided that freight currents can be pursued and prevented competition distortions. In Chapter 2 Section 3 of the present draft, the modalities and conditions that must comply with distribution platforms must be determined. "Distribution platform" is to be understood. These are organizations that are in direct context that are in favor of the beneficial purposes in favor of the beneficial purposes, the material food or non-food aids obtained from taxpayers to the recipients mentioned in Article 4 paragraph 1 and 8 paragraph 1 of the present draft Only activities in direct connection with chargeable purposes without a profit intention. In Article 10 of the DEPLOUNG, the conditions that have to meet the platforms must be fulfilled in order to be approved within the meaning of Article 4 (1) No. 4 and 8 paragraph 1 No. 3 of the present draft if (and in order to be regarded as a possible recipient of donations based on this provisions). The most conditional condition refers to the logistical means that the platform must have. , allowance Rn and distribute. In deviation from this, it may request a small financial contribution as part of the distribution of these goods, which may not exceed the expenses directly connected. In particular, these are costs in reference, packaging and storage of the goods, regardless of whether these costs arise due to the activity of activity itself or through the payment of third parties. authorized. In Article 10 § 2 Paragraph 2 of the present draft, the publication of all approved platforms on the administration website is intended in order to offer tax purposes that this regulation is applicable to donations that you carry out via these platforms. The modalities for the application or renewal of this approval are determined by the minister of finance or by his agent. In Article 11 of the draft it is provided that the distribution platform is obliged to use both taxpayers (§ 1) and with donation recipients (§ 2 ) To close partnership agreements on the distribution of the relevant goods for charitable purposes.This must be included: the promise of the taxpayer, the platform with regard to the distribution to the recipient mentioned in Article 4 paragraph 1 and 8 paragraph 1 of the present draft, the registration number of the platform (and the date, from which this approval is,) and the promise of the platform to demand no other, limited financial contribution to the distribution of these goods. As a rule, both parties will also determine the way the goods are handed over to the recipients (collection in a warehouse, delivery to the recipient, ...). Dated and signed by the parties. Darin must be included: The promise of the platform, with regard to the distribution to the recipient's goods from taxpayers, receive the approval number of the platform and the date from which this approval is effective. As a rule, both parties in this agreement will also determine how the goods are handed over to the recipients (collection in a warehouse, delivery to the recipient, ...). Both in § 1 (paragraph 3) and in § 2 ( Paragraph 1 No. 1) This provision is specified that these obligations are applicable in the same way if the Donation Zwei distribution platforms are made, which is possible under this regulation. This specification is a response to point 7 of the above -mentioned expert opinion No. 67.148/3 of the State Council. In Article 12§ 1 of the present draft, the obligation is intended for the platform to create a document in double copy for each distribution von. This document includes the same information as the document mentioned in Article 5 § 1 and 9 of the draft as far as donations affect the same recipients by taxable benefits. This document, which is dated and countered by the recipient, is created at the latest on the fifteenth day of the month after the month in which the delivery of goods has been caused. In Article 12 of the present draft, Article 12 of the present draft is based on Article 5 § 1 paragraph 2 of the draft default stipulates that the specification of the type and quantity of food can be replaced by the receipt or this can list in relation to these goods that are attached to the document as an investment. In Article 12 of the present draft, this is also provided that this is also provided Document through a summary list can be replaced per month, in which the only monthly issuing month is included. For this purpose, the distribution platform must have a detailed register of the incoming (obtained) goods and the goods distributed to the recipient. ,- Broken designation of this good or identifier if it has a identification mark- complete contact details of the taxable clipper or, if necessary, the distribution platform that the donation will make (for donations between distribution platforms),- date of distribution of the good,- complete contact details of the recipient,- Amount that was requested by the recipient as a financial contribution. In Article 13 of the previous draft it is planned that the minister of finance or his representative can withdraw the approval platform if this approval obtained due to incorrect explanations, the distribution platform the in no longer fulfilled this admission or commitments or no longer fulfilled the obligations mentioned in Article 12. If distribution platforms no longer have any approval, donations are excluded from the regulation after this withdrawal. the state council's legislative department has not been retained. In this provision, a joint and several levies were expressly provided at the expense of the distribution platform, combined with an exemption from the taxpayer grant from liability for the payment of the tax owed if the distribution platform Diein does not or no longer fulfilled, which means that the removal of tax is made by the taxable grantA similar regulation was also provided for mutatis mutandis if the recipients of donations do not contain the conditions of the indenes of Articles 5 § 1 No. 7 and 9 § 1 No. 7. If the ordinance is transferred, this legal determination cannot be carried out by royal decree. This provision is therefore left out. If the distribution platforms or recipients do not comply with the obligations associated with this regulation, the administration will nevertheless make use of the joint and several liability for payment, which is mentioned in Article 51bis §4 of the Code (and not in Article 50 § 4 of the code, as stated in the preamblet original draft, which was presented to the legislative department of the State Council- see point 4 of the above-mentioned report No. 67.148/3). This will be in particular in all the situation in which these distribution platforms or these recipients had to "know or had to know that the non -payment of the tax in the sales chain with the intention was to postpone the tax". In this context, the aim of the objective will be retained, which is that the taxpayable grant does not have to bear the consequences if the distribution platforms or recipients do not comply with their obligations and commitments, provided that the taxpayer could not reasonably be unknown. In this case, the tax owed is priority to be brought up by the taxpayer's defaulting contractor, who is generally obliged to pay the tax owed in accordance with Article 12 of the Code. This is particularly concerned with situations after the donation in which the platform or recipient use the goods received other than the agreed purposes (for example for commercial purposes or to private personals). However, if the taxpayer knew at the time of the removal or the need to know that previous obligations or commitments were not observed (for example, if a platform is withdrawn or if the goods do not correspond to the conditions included in Article 3 and 7 of the draft), it remains for the Payment of the tax owed for the removal. Chapter3 - final provisions Article 14 of the draft it is provided that the royal decree. 59 of May 28, 2019 on the removal of advertising gifts of low value and food for charitable purposes in relation to VAT, replaced by the present draft. for charitable purposes on goods that are taken from the date of the date of the date of the entry into force of this decree. Charity sector The legal certainty is intended in Article 16 of the draft that the present draft of a royal decree on the first day of the month after a period of ten days, which begins on the day after its publication, Belgian State Journal comes into force Honor, Sire, to be the teacher and faithful of servants Majesty. The Vice Prime Minister of the Finance. De croo18. May 2020 - Royal decree. 59 On the removal of advertising gifts of low value and the removal for charitable purposes for food and vital non -foods with the exception of long -lasting goods in reference to the VAT philippe, king the Belgian, all contemporary and future! 3, inserted by the law of July 30, 2018 and amended by the law of April 7, 2019, and Article 53octies § 1 paragraph 6, inserted by the law of December 28, 1992 and replaced by the law of December 17, 2012; based on the Royal decree No. 59 of May 28, 2019, over the removal of advertising gifts of low value and of food for charitable purposes in reference, the VAT; on the basis of the statement of the financial inspector of January 8, 2020; on the basis of the Minister of the Budget of February 24, 2020 ; On the basis of the statements. 09/2020 of the data protection authority of January 31, 2020; based on the report No. 67.148/3DE's State Council of April 15, 2020, submitted in the application of Article 84 Section 1 (1) No. 2 Deram 12January 1973 Coordinated Laws on the State Council; at the proposal of the Vice Prime Minister and Minister of Finance, we are issued: Chapter 1 with regard to the handing over of advertising gifts of low value items - deliveries of goods against remuneration within the meaning of Article 12 § 1 of the Code that does not become equally equivalent to the goods by a taxpayer with regard to the free handing over the free handicap of advertising gifts of low value that meet the following conditions: 1. The estate is handed over to trade relationships. 2. The estate must not be resold by the recipient as part of an economic activity. 3. The purchase price or due to a lack of purchasing price normal value of the goods is less than 50 EUR without VAT. Capitle 2 - withdrawals from Güternim In view of their handing over for charitable purposes 1 - withdrawals from food in terms of food for charitable purposes. 2 - Deliveries of goods counter -fee within the meaning of Article 12 of the Legal book are not equated by foods by a taxpayer who will be filled in Articles 3 and 4 and in accordance with the modalities specified in Article 5 and, if necessary, section 3. 3 - The goods mentioned in Article 2 are goods that: 1. Consisting of food -free drinks that are: a) for human use, b) are still suitable for human use, 2. can no longer be sold under the normal conditions of the marketing, for one or more reasons for the following: a) The expiry date of the estate expires at the latest five days after the date of the goods. of the manufacturer or dealer.c) The food does not correspond to the production standard set by the manufacturer. in which they were originally placed on the market, or after processing or preparation in the form of meals or food packages. 4 - The withdrawals mentioned in Article 2 are withdrawals from Güternim regarding a free delivery: 1. Food banks: a) The member of the Belgian associations of the food banks or a facility, which is even a member of the European Federation of Food banks, b) the purpose of which is to distribute food aids to the needy through charitable associations approved by the food banks, 2. Local, municipal, inter -communal, provincial, community, regional or federal administrative or authorities as part of their orders for the distribution of food aids to the needy, 3rd organizations of welfare, which are recognized by an authority mentioned in No. 2, 4th distribution platforms Minister of the finances or by his representative. The organization: 1. for the fight against poverty and the distribution of the goods mentioned in Article 2, 2. In the situation, the goods mentioned in Article 2 are to be distributed under good conditions, 3. Committed not to use in Article 2 for commercial purposes and to distribute them exclusively in need, and this without any other consideration than a financial contribution that does not exceed the edition with this distribution .art. 5 - §1 - ​​In the withdrawals mentioned in Article 2, taxpayers create a document in double copy with the following information: 1. Date on which the recipient took possession of the goods, 2. name or company name, address and VAT identification number of the taxpayer, 3. Name or social name, address and company number of the recipient, 4. Art and crowd delivered goods, 5. In Article 3 paragraph 1 No. 2, which is why the goods can no longer be sold under the normal conditions of the market, 6. Indication that this delivery takes place free of charge, 7Explanation of the organization, administration or authority mentioned in Article 4, in which you are committed: a) not to use the goods obtained for commercial purposes, b) to provide the goods preserved for social measures in favor of in favor of in favor of the distribution of these goods Request with the exceptional financial contribution that exceeds the issuing point of view directly associated with this distribution. to be added. This document is created on the fifteenth day of the month after the month after the delivery of goods was caused. § 2 - In deviation from § 1, a summary list may be created in which the deliveries in the course of a monthly effect. have taken; This data may be replaced by a global reference to the month to which the document refers. 1 mentioned document and the summary of the summary of the supplied goods dated and countered by the recipient of the supplied goods. Section 2 - withdrawal from vital non -foods with the exception of long -lasting goods with regard to their handing over for charitable purposes. 6 - Deliveries of goods against remuneration within the meaning of Article 12§ 1 of the Code Book are not equated with non -foods by a taxpayer who meet the conditions specified in Article 7 and 8 and take place in accordance with the modalities specified in Article 9 and, if necessary, section 3. Art. 7 - The goods mentioned in Article 6 Oers are goods that: 1. consisting of other goods as food: a) which cover the basic needs, b) whose resale value takes consideration from their first use, 2. can no longer be sold under the normal conditions of the market, for one or more of the following reasons: a) The expiry or usability date of good will soon be achieved or expired at the time of the goods. Not the marketing standard of the manufacturer or dealer.c) The estate does not correspond to the production standard, which is defined by the manufacturer), the period in which this is usually placed on the market has expired. 8 - With the withdrawals mentioned in article 6, they are withdrawals of goods with regard to a free delivery to the following recipients: 1. Local, municipal, inter -municipal, provincial, community, regional or federal administrations or authorities as part of their orders to distribute material aids to the needy, 2. Organizations of welfare, which are recognized by a authority mentioned in No. 1, 3. Distribution platforms that are approved by the minister of finance or by his representative. In the absence of a formal procedure for the recognition by a competent authority, an organization of the welfare care mentioned in paragraph 1 No. 2 can present if it can present a certificate of the responsible authority, in which it This confirms that the organization: 1. is committed to fighting poverty and distribution of the goods mentioned in Article 6, 2. It is able to distribute goods mentioned in Article 6 under good conditions, 3. Committed to not use in Article 6, not to use commercial purposes and to distribute them exclusively to the needy, and this without any other contribution to a financial contribution that does not exceed the edition directly associated with this distribution. 9 - § 1 - In the case of the removal mentioned in Article 6, the taxpayer's duty Document in double copy with the following information: 1. Date on which the receiver has taken possession of the goods, 2. Name or social name, address and VAT identification number of taxpayers, 3. Name or social name, address and company number of the recipient, 4.art and quantity of the supplied goods, 5. In Article 7 No. 2 mentioned, which is why the goods can be sold more under the normal conditions of the market, 6. Indication that this delivery takes place free of charge, 7Explanation of the recipient, in which he is committed: a) not to use the goods obtained for commercial purposes, b) the goods obtained to provide for social measures in favor of in favor of the need for in the distribution of this goods not to apply, with the exception of a possible financial contribution , which does not exceed the issue that is directly connected to this distribution. This document is created in the latest fifteenth day of the month after the month in which the delivery of goods was caused. The deliveries caused in the course of a month are included. This data may be replaced by a global reference to the month to which the document refers. § 3 - The document mentioned in § 1 and the listing in § 2 are dated and counteracted by the recipient of the delivered goods. Section 3 - obligations for distribution platforms in the context of withdrawals of food and vital food food with the exception of long -lasting goods with regard to their handing over Charitable purpose. 10 - § 1 - As a distribution platform as in Article 4 paragraph 1 No. 4 and 8 paragraph 1 No. 3 mentioned, organizations apply: 1. In the context of activities that are indirectly related to charitable purposes in favor of needy, distribute the material food or non-food aids preserved by taxpay users to the recipients mentioned in Article 4 (1) and 8 (1), 2. Exchange activities in direct context with charitable purposes, 3. Do not intend to make a win. They have sufficient logistical means for collection, storage and effective distribution of food and non -food access to the recipients mentioned in Article 4 paragraph 1 and 8 paragraph 1. You oblige not to use the goods obtained for commercial purposes and to distribute them exclusively in Article 4 paragraph 1 and 8 paragraph 1. 3. You oblige not to request consideration when distributing these goods, with the exception of a possible financial contribution that does not exceed the edition associated with this distribution. The minister of finance or his representative determines how the approval or renewed, which evidence must be submitted and from what date the approval is effective. 11 - § 1 - in Article 4 paragraph 1 No. 4 and 8 paragraph 1 No. 3 mentioned distribution platforms, the goods mentioned in Articles 2 and 6 free of charge from a tax liability, with this taxpay :1. The taxpayer is committed to delivering the platform with regard to the distribution of the recipients mentioned in Article 4 (1) and 8 paragraph 1 free of charge, 2. The number of the registration mentioned in Article 10 § 2 paragraph 2 and the date, from the This is effective, specified, 3. The platform undertakes to request consideration when distributing these goods notes, with the exception of a possible financial contribution that does not exceed the expenditure directly associated with this distribution. have received. The agreement is dated and signed by both parties. mentioned distribution platforms. Section 2 - In Article 4 Paragraph 1 No. 4 and 8 paragraph 1 No. 3, distribution platforms mentioned in Articles 2 and 6 mentioned in the recipients mentioned in Article 4 (1) and 8 paragraph 1 must be distributed with these recipients Close in double copy in the: 1The platforms mentioned in Articles 2 and 6 are free to obtain the platforms mentioned in Article 4 (1) No. 4 and 8 paragraph 1 no. 3 2 Aforementioned approval and the date from which this is effective are specified. The agreement is created in double copy, with the distribution platform and the recipient explain that you have received a copy. The agreement is dated and signed by both parties. 12 - § 1 - In the case of distribution in Article 2 and 6, goods mentioned in Articles 4 Paragraph 1 No. 4 and 8 paragraph 1 No. 3 mentioned in Article 4 and 8 Paragraph 1 No. 3 A document in double copy with the following information: 1. Date on which the recipient took possession of the goods, 2. Name or social name, address and company number of the distribution platform, 3. Name or social name, address and company number of the recipient, 4. Type and amount of goods delivered, 5. In denarticles 3 paragraph 1 No. 2 and 7 No. 2 mentioned, which is why the goods can no longer be sold under the normal conditions of the market, 6. Indication that this delivery continues free of charge, or if necessary amount of the financial contribution mentioned in Article 10 § 2 paragraph 1 No. 3, 7. Explanation of the recipient, in which he is committed: a) not to use the goods preserving for commercial purposes, b) to provide the goods received for social measures, c) Do not allow any consideration when distributing these goods, with the exception of a possible financial contribution, which the information mentioned directly with this distribution -connected edition may not exceed. . This document is created in the latest fifteenth day of the month after the month in which the delivery of goods was caused. The summary of the summary contains the in each distribution of goods § 1 mentioned information with the exception of the data in which the recipients have taken possession of the goods; This data may be replaced by a global reference to the month to which the document refers. § 3 - The document mentioned in § 1 and the list summarized in § 2 are dated and countered by the recipient of the supplied goods. § 4 - In Article 4 paragraph 1 No. 4 and 8 paragraph 1 No. 3 mentioned distribution platforms Leading Register, In which you have distributed the goods that have been delivered to you, and the goods you have distributed to the Indians 4 paragraph 1 and 8 (1). 1. Running number, 2nd date of receipt of the estate, 3. common name of this good or identifier if it has a identification mark, 4. Name or social name, address and VAT identification number of taxpayers or, if necessary, the platform that has delivered the good, 5th date of distributing the estate, 6. Name or social name, address and company number of the recipient, 7. Amount, which may be requested by the recipient as a financial contribution as in article 10 § 2 paragraph 1 No. 3. 13 - The minister of the finance or his agent can be withdrawn from the distribution of the distribution platform mentioned in Article 4 (1) No. 4 and 8 paragraph 1 No. 3 if: 1. This approval due to incorrect explanations, 2. The distribution platform fulfills the conditions or commitments recorded in this approval, 3. The distribution platform does not meet the obligations mentioned in Article 12. Chapter 3 - Final provisions. 14 - The royal decree. 59 of May 28, 2019 on the removal of advertising gifts of low value and food for charitable purposes in relation to VAT is canceled. 15 - Chapter 2 Find application on goods that are taken with regard to their handing over for charitable purposes from the date of the entry into force .art. 16 - On the first day of the month, the existence of ten days, which begins on the day after its publication in the Belgian State sheet, occurs in Kraft.Art17 - The minister responsible for finances is commissioned to the execution of the decree.De croo