Publication: 2020-06-22Numac: 2020041780federal Public Service Economy, K.M.O., Midden and Energy15 June 2020.-Royal Decree No. 32 containing urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 with regard to some postal filip, King derbelgen, to All who are now and will then be, our greeting on the Act of 27 March 2020, which authorizes the king to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II), Articles 2 and 5, § 2; In view of the Act of 26 January 2018 on postal services, Articles 3, 4, 16 and 25; Having regard to the Royal Decree of 24 April 2014 on regulations of the postal service; in view of Article 46 of the Judicial Code; in view of the law; of 15 December 2013 containing various provisions with regard to administrative simplification, Article 8 § 2, ° 1 and 2 °; Having regard to the advice of the Inspector of Finance, given on 14 May 2020; in view of the Akko; Ordinquiring of the Minister of Budget of 29 May 2020; Having regard to the advice 67.539/4 of the Council of State, given on 11 June 2020, in application of Article 4, third paragraph, of the Law of 27 March 2020 that authorization granted the Koning to To take measures to take in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (i); on the nomination of the Minister of Post and on the advice of the Meeting Meminers in the Council, we decided and we decide: Article 1. § 1 . Contrary to Article 8, § 1 of the Royal Decree of 24 April 2014, the regulations of the post service, the registered shipments will be delivered without signing for receipt by the addressee or his proxy. The verification of the identity of the addressee or his proxy -in -law Article 8, § 1 of the above Royal Decree remains unchanged.§ 2. By way of derogation from Article 8, § 2 of the Royal Decree of 24 April 2014, holding of the postal service, the registered are registered Shipments intended for a factual association or a society without legal personality issued without signing for receipt by one of the partners or members, or their authorized representative. A verification of the identity of the recipient finds place in accordance with the modalities provided for in Article 8, § 1 of the aforementioned Royal Decree 3. Contrary to Article 10, § 2, 4 ° of the Royal Decree of 24 April 2014 regulations of the postal service , in the event of effective delivery of the shipment to which it relates, the receipt only contains the name of the person receiving the shipment and the date of this reception. § 4. Contrary to Article 15 of the Royal Decree of 24 April 2014 on regulations of the Postal Service, registered postal shipments are issued without marking to the person authorized to receive them. A verification of the identity of the recipient takes place, in accordance with the modalities provided for in Article 8, § 1 of the above Royal Decree.Art. 2. Contrary to Article 46, §1, second paragraph of the Judicial Code, the receipts of the court letters that are set are not signed and dated. The postal services report this unity with the words "COVID-19 procedure" at the bottom of the receipt or by means of an electronic application in the case of an electronic receipt. 3. This decision has elaborated with effect on 13 March 2020 and applies until 31 August 2020. The Koningkan, adopted by a decision after consultation in the Council of Ministers, the end date -adapted in the first paragraph. 4. The minister competent for the postal services is responsible for implementation Vandit Decree in Brussels, 15 June 2020.Filip van Koningsweight: Deminister of the Post, Ph. The backerPublication: 2020-06-19Numac: 2020041783waalse Government Service 11 June 2020.-Decision of the Walloon Government of Special Powers No. 42 concerning the granting of specific support to the families regarding gas and electricity in the context of the Sanitary Crisis COVID-19 Report to the Walloon government, 1. General presentation on April 22, the government has decided to grant a one -off support of 100 euros to families equipped with an electricity budget meter and 75 euros to families equipped with a gas budget meter to help to repay the debt they are at their supplier during the lockdown period will have approached. In this decree it is proposed to provide this support by means of a new charge of the budget meter. The support can be provided until October 30. If some families do not reclaim their support according to plan, the budget balance will be assigned to the OCMWs, who can provide extra support to families who are under the budget meter and who have difficulty paying off their debt with Hun supplier. In addition, support is provided to precarious families that are affected by a procedure for the installation of a budget meter before March 18 and that were held due to the Lockdown period in delivery X because of the Lockdown period. This support will also be provided via the OCMW.2. Comment on The articles in Article 2, first paragraph, the provisions are determined for the allocation of the support via the budget meter and for the adjustment of the meter at the time of the award of the support. In the second paragraph, the obligations of the distribution network managers are specified with regard to informing customers about the provisions established to comply with Article 1 of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 18 March on the emergency measures in the budget meter. It is also determined that the families must be informed once a month of the way in which the support is provided. In paragraphs 3 and 4, the procedures describe for drawing up the measurement of consumption for families who have used the aforementioned BWR, and for suppliers to send a regularization invoice within 30 days stating the consumption for the period in which the prepayment was suspended. Paragon 4 stipulates that the supplier must repay the balance within a time period that is in accordance with his general terms and conditions and no later than 30 days in the event of a positive balance. Inaragraaf 5 are specified the procedures that apply in the event of non-payment of the regularization invoice. The usual procedures (reminder, notice of default, conclusion of a payment plan) apply to the regularization invoice. Contrary to the usual rules, the costs in connection with these procedures are limited to a maximum of 5 euros per energy, as specified in paragraph 7. Section 6 provides for the adoption by the Government Regulations for the reimbursement of the unpaid sums of this regularization invoice. In article 3, the conditions under which the distribution network managers have received the number of customers who have received assistance must register and report, and this information must be communicated to the suppliers The administration. The procedures for sending the declarations of debt claim from the supplier and social supplier to the administration, the control of these declarations and their payment thereof are also specified by the administration. Article 4 stipulates that specific resources are made available of the OCMWs, based on the number of families that their municipality enjoys the living wage inside, to help families equipped with a budget meter with the refund of the residual debt of the aforementioned regularization invoice, or precarious families involved are in a procedure for the installation of a budget meter before March 18, 2020. In article 5, the sentence is "all current procedures for placement of a budget meter are canceled. Customers remain supplied by their supplier in accordance with their current contract." of Article 2 of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 18 March 2020 on the emergency measures regarding the budget meter, replaced by Erratum on 2 April 2020. This cancellation was made necessary by the substantial operational costs that this provision brought for the network managers and suppliers. It could also have leaded to incomprehension among the customers involved, due to conflicting information, and to additional costs for these households, that connection with the collection of existing debts from their supplier. Advice from the Council of State No. 67470/4 of 2 June 2020 Act on 25 May 2020 Division is the Council of State, Division Legislation, Door The Vice-Minister President and Minister of Climate, Energy and Mobility of the Walloon Region requested to provide an advice on a period of five working days about one Design decision of the Waalssekegoing `concerning the granting of specific support to the families regarding gas and electricity The framework of the sanitary crisis Covid-19'. The design was examined by the fourth room 2 June 2020. The Chamber was composed of Martine Baguet , Chamber President, Luc Cambier and Bernardblero, state councils, and Charles-Henri van Hove, added clerk. The report was issued by Anne Vagman, first auditor, the advice of which follows below, was given on 2 June 2020. According to Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws `on the Vanstate 'council, coordinated on January 12, 1973, the request for advice in particular must be given the reasons to support the urgent nature. The statement of reasons in the letter is as follows: "The reason for urgency is as follows: in view of the urgent necessity to provide specific support after the exceptional health crisis in connection with COVID-19 and the consumption thereof in terms of uncertainty, with Energy name; In view of the need to reduce the non -legal uncertainty for the network operators, suppliers and families concerned by the change of the Walloon government's decision of 18 March 2020 on the emergency measures regarding the budget meter ". first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws 'Op de Raad van State', coordinated on January 12, 1973, the legislation department in accordance with Article84, § 3, of the aforementioned coordinated laws, limits its investigation into the legal basis of the draft, the competence of the the author of the action and the prior formal requirements to be fulfilled. What is three points, the design gives rise to the following comments. Along-general remarks1. The draft decision aims at the introduction of support in favor of certain gas and electricity consumers in the form of support of the Wallets Region of 75 or 100 EUR, depending on the case, for the costs of the gas and electricity facade Tuur. According to Article 5 of the Project, the possible balance of the budget that remains after the payment of these financial statements, after a social investigation, will be assigned to the OCMWs for the invoices referred to in Article 2 (3) of the project, with a view to payment of the electricity or gas invoices of precarious families. He also intends Article 2 of the Walloon Government Decree of 18maart 2020 `regarding the emergency measures regarding the budget meter 'by levying the following sentence:" All current procedures for the placement of a budget meter are canceled. Customers remain by their supplier In accordance with their current contract supplied ".2. The ground for the draft decision is Article 33bis/2 of the Decree of 12 April 2001 "concerned organization of the Regional Electricity Market" and Article 32 of the Decree of 19 December2002 `concerning the organization of the regional gas market 'article 33bis/2 of the decree of the decree of 12 April 2001 stipulates the following: "During weekend and evening periods, the supply of electricity by the distribution network manager may not be interrupted as a result of the use of the advance payment function. The government determines these periods and the recovery modalities". As follows: "§ 1. After advice from the CWAPELEGT, the government, the network operators, clearly defined, transparent, non-discriminatory openbared service obligations for which the CWAPE followed by the CWAPE. It includes the following obligations: 1 ° the safety, regularity and quality of the gas supply insurry; 2 ° on di Enstantification to the users: a) Without prejudice 5 °, just hures up every end customer who demands it, connect to the prices that are announced in accordance with Article15; b) install the measurement and counting devices and manage the whole of the measurement and counting data that required for the management of the network and the market processes; c) uniform complaint service; d) respect the objectives regarding the CWAPE in consultation with the network operators, at least with regard to the data exchange with the suppliers, the applications for connection or change of the connection [2, including the placement of the budget meters, the management of the complaints of the users of the network and the management of the reimbursement applications and the procedure that entitles you to the respective performance Vanelke Distribution Set manager to these objectives is annual announced by the Cwapee) (..) f) The communication of the measurement data to allow each customer to practice the rights he acquires by the fact that he is eligible; g) the burden relevant the financial guarantee that Article 25quinquies, § 2 with the exception of the last for the guarantee that is compiled to ensure the reimbursements in the event of a serious error, as well as the management costs of the reimbursement mechanisms of Section III of Chapter IV; h) validate the indexop measurements of DEPUTERS and transfer it to the supplier on the basis of a periodicity that has for at least three months, for information purposes or for a simulation of the consumption or for adjustments of the advances taking into account the flattening of the consumption over 12 months; i) (...) J) Provide the adjusted structure so that any change of transmission grant users will receive receipt within three weeks after receipt of receipt of the application is being carried out. "3 ° at a social level, in particular: a) the Maatr defined by the government take egelen when a final buyer fails to pay his supplier; b) the delivery of gas to the protected customers at the social rate insure; the possible difference set between the social rate applied to the regional protection customer referred to in Article 31bis, § 1, 2 ° and 3 ° and § 2, and the social rate applied the federally protected customer referred to in Article 31bis, § 1, 1 °, will continue to insure the placement and budget meter in accordance with Article 31ter. Finally, for the distribution network operator, for reasons arising from defects that are due to him, the placement period laid down by the government, he will owe the supplier who has submitted the placement application for budget meter, a flat -rate allowance of which the calculation method is determined by the amount Government after advice from the CWAPE; d) temporarily and in specific cases that the government provides, insure delivery to end customers who temporarily do not have a delivery agreement; e) hold a meeting at least once a year with the local committees for energy active in their territory , to draw up an annual report of their activities including any problems that may arise in the context of the activities of the local committees for energy; 4 ° on environmental protection, in particular: a) give priority regarding connection and access to gas from insofar as they have compatible is me t the gas from hetnet; b) free every residential customer whose installations are up to 8 meters from the main pipeline of the distribution network with any road transition, connecting. The network operator can proceed to the invoicing of the free connection partc) At the request of the producers and within the limits of their own needs, including the delivery, the final customers in the cases referred to in this decree, gas from renewable energy sources produced into the distribution or transmission network by installations established in the Walloon region Buy a guaranteed price according to the modalities determined by the government after advice from Decwape; d) at the request of the producers, guarantees of origin granted to the gas from renewararaergy sources produced and injected into the distribution or transmission network established by corresponding article 34 in the Walloon Region established in the Walloon Region Buy installations at a guaranteed price according to demodalities determined by the government after advice from the CWAPE; e) determined within the limits in the technical regulations and according to the distribution modalities of the economic burdens determined by deregering and announced in the rates of the network operator, any producer, there far Looking for connecting an injection module of gas from renewable energy sources at the request of the producer of that gas outwork and operating "; 5 ° any expansion of the gas network, which is integrated by third parties interested in the investment plan, insofar as this investment economically motivated for the network manager, based on the data sent by this third person or the network operator is known; After advice from the CWAPE, the government is authorized to assess the methodology with which the economically motivated nature of an extension of the grid can be assessed, Tebellen; 6 ° on the rational use of energy: a) All measures take the rational use of energy for all categories of customers and in this regard Decomplete information of the users of the Net Insurance; b) rate formulas that promote the use of energy to the customers, with the exception of customers participating in the trade in greenhouse gas emission rights; c) it Inform the public at least once a year about the existing premiums for the rational use of energy or renewable energies on the tax reductions in this regard; d) offer energy services at competitive prices, in particular for socially weaker residential customers; 7 ° at the request of each final buyer to its consumption profile adapted m Placing eater, at the rate that is announced in accordance with article 15. After advice from the CWAPE, in consultation with the network operators, the government determines the obligations of the network operators in terms of the installation of intelligent meters; 8 ° insure the information of the users of the energy market in question; the government may further determine the content and communication methods of the information referred to in this point; 9 ° the administrative and technical interventions regarding the public service obligations, unless the government explicitly identifies the government after advice from the CWAPE; 10 ° connection facilities for the together natural gas compressed Develop under certain conditions that are reasonable and economically reasonable. § 2. With regard to the requests for expansion of the network by third parties as determined in § 1, 5 °, the obligations of the government company imposed on the network operators take into account the following provisions. After Advies Vande Cwape, the government determines the government form and the introductory modalities of the request for expansion of the net, as well as the period and the minimum content of the answer charged to the network operator who has submitted the request. The network manager is authorized to count a accounting reserve to the future costs of the above to pay the aforementioned extensions, without endangering the competitiveness of the consumption rate of the distribution network. The use of this accounting reserve can be integrated as a cost reduction in the calculation of the aforementioned return. The government determines the procedure and modes of construction and consciousness of this reserve, as well as the maximum man. When the investment is not recognized as economically motivated, every part-time interest in this net expansion can propose its financial contribution so that the project is economically motivated. The CWAPE Checks whether the network operator has correctly assessed the economic reasoning of a network extension. § 3. After advice from the CWAPE, Deregering determines the obligations that apply by or pursuant to § 1, that applies to a different network operator. The obligation in Article 32, § 1, 1 ° is in any case of application "As confirmed by the government's representative, none of these provisions offers adequate and adequate legal basis for the introduction of the mechanism in which the design text presents, namely the fixed support granted by the Walloon Region to certain gas and electricity consusers by means of an intervention of the region in the gas and electricity invoices and allocation of a possible budget balance to the OCMW, with a view to the granting of support the families for specific invoices. On the other hand, he can also find a legal basis in Article 1 of the Decree of 17 March 2020 `To the allocation of special powers to the Walloon Government in the context of the sanitary crisis COVID-19 ', which stipulates the following:" § 1. To enable the Walloon government to respond to the COVID-19 Depandemia, Can the government take all useful measures to prevent and treat every situation that problems states in the strict framework of the COVID-19 Pandemie and its consequences must be regulated by serious danger. § 2. The decisions determined in -terms of the current decree provisions may eliminate, supplement, change or replace even the matters that are explicitly reserved for the Decree on the Constitution. The decisions in particular may apply to administrative, civil and criminal punishments to determination to its violation. The criminal sanctions may not contain penalties that are higher than those that connects the completed, amended or replacement legislation on the relevant violations at the time of entry into force of this decree. In the DIT-Defit framework, the draft decision will be numbered and it will are subject to a later -class confirmation in accordance with Article 4 of the Decree of 17 March 2020. The Government Government does not lose sight of the fact that, in accordance with Article 3, § 2, of the Decree of 17 March2020, the draft decision to the chairman of parliament will be communicated before the known Makingervan in the Belgian Official Gazette (1) .2. It is proposed, even if Article 3bis, §1, paragraph 2, of the coordinated laws "concerning the Council of State" it does not formally prescribe, to publish a report to the government at the same time as the decision in which the scope and the concrete conspiracy of The decision is set out.3. Finally, in Advice No 67. 142/AG given on 25 March 2020 on a proposal that the law of 27 March 2020 "grants the Koningom to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-13 (i ) "And the Act of 27 March 2020" that authorizes the king to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II) "has given the legislation in this wording commentary on the possibility of the Executive to look for a legal basis, both integrated permissions and in a legal provision that grants the executive power special powers: "8. The mandatory ratification of all decisions taken on the basis of the pre -established scheme, even when this is from legal point of view is not strictly necessary. For example, it is possible that the King is taking measures or makes changes to regulatory provisions of animals on the basis of the ACTU legislation are part of its authority, but nevertheless provides legal basis in Article 5, § 1, of the proposal, for example because these associated with measures for which for which for which they must indeed appeal to the special powers or because the Specialteningswethem is allowed to ignore the provisions formal requirements. As a result of the reinforcement, obtaining or changed provisions of law determined or amended provisions. They can then be changed by means of a formal law. The king will no longer be able to change them, even if a specific provision authorizes him to take measures in this regard. In the past, the Council of State, the legislation department, has always advised against making changes to Special Female Decisions (2) ". Article6 of the draft decision aims at the amendment to Article 2 of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 18 March 2020 by the lifting of two sentences. This decree of 18 March 2020 has Article 33bis/2 of the Decree of 12, according to his April 2001 as a legal basis. It is not based on the decree of 17 March 2020 and is not numbered. It is therefore a common decision of the Walloon governmentIt is true that the change of the latter would not have established the difficulties in its advice No 67.142/AG by means of a decision of special powers, based on the decree of 17 March 2020, since the intention of two sentences of article 2 of the decision of 18 March 2020 to be canceled and not to add new provisions or to change existing provisions. While the change Vandeze would last by means of a decision of special powers, based on the decree of 17 March2020, do not cause the difficulties that the Legislation Division has stated in its Advice No 67.142/AG, since the intention is to levy two sentences of Article 2 of the Decree of 18 March 2020 and not to change them by adding or existing or existing to change provisions. From the point of view of legal certainty, however, it would be better to omit Article 6 of the design and huh t if necessary to approve autonomously. If the author of the draft the decision of 18 March 2020 wants to give the character of a decision of special powers, devoured content of the decision of 18 March 2020 must be included in a decision of special poweringat based on the decree of 17 March 2020, just like the draft decision. On this point, it must be reminded of more erosion that the draft that the decision of March 18 has not been brought to the legislation department. In this application for advice, the text in which the content of this decision is included a decision of special powers, also not brought to the legislation department. It is therefore not up to the legislation department to speak out. a new first paragraph is inserted, reading as follows: In view of the decree of 17 March2020 to the granting of special powers to the Walloon Government in the context of the Health Crisiscovid-19, Article 1; ". 2. Since the decrees of 12 April 2001 and December 19, 2002 No legal basis for the draft decision, they will not be stated in the preamble in the form of a lift reference, but they can be mentioned in the Considerans.3. In paragraph 7, in the French draft version, the words "22 Avril" replaced by the words "20 Mai" .4. Deconsider channels will be placed in the prospective after the support. The preamble will be referred to kel 2.1. In the first paragraph, in Defran's draft version, "30 Juin 2020" must be written instead of "30 Juin" .2. In Hetweede paragraph, "au plus tard à la Date Mentionnéeà l'Alinéa 1er" must be written in the French design version and the words "à l'ssue de Ladite période" must be replaced by the words "àcette date". 3. Since the draft text must have a legislative value on the basis of the Decree of 17 March 2020 by adding a support mechanism in which the decrees of 12 April 2001 and 19 -December 2002 do not provide for the possibility of, where appropriate any other provision with a regulatory character. Consequently, in Lid4, in the French draft version, the words "par Dérogation à l'Article 30ter de l'ruRêté relatif au marchéde l'électricité et à l'Article 33ter de l'r arrêté relatif au Marché du Gaz "omitted. A commercial comment applies to Article 3, third paragraph. Article 3. The reasons for the general comments and for greater clarity it is recommended, in the French design version, the words" à la fin de la pértiode visée à l'Article 1er, Alinéa 1er, the l'rocté Dugouvertigement Wallon du 18 Mars Portant Sur des Mesures Urgentes and Matière the compteur à budget "AUterme de la Période Allant du 18 Mars au 30 Juin 2020 »or by the words" après le 30 juin 2020 ". Article 4. In paragraph 5, in the French draft version, the concept of" Fournisseur Social "must be defined. The Registrar, Charles-Henri van Hovede chairman, Martinebaguet ______ Nota's1 for a similar remark, see Advies no. 67.173/of 1 April 2020 on a draft that the decision of special powers no. 2 of the government of Defranse Community has been issued "to implement the decree of 17 March 2020 to the granting of special powers to The government in the context of the health crisis in connection with the COVID-19Corona virus with regard to the establishment of an emergency and support fund ", http: // www. Raadvstconsetat.be/dbx/avis/67173.pdf and Advice no. 67.348/2 of 8 May 2020 on a draft decision of the French Community "concerning the support of meeting and reception centers in the Lauderan The Health Crisis Covid 19". 2 See in particular advice r.v.st 25669/8 of 24 October 1996 a draft that the Royal Decree of 18 November 1996 `Striking to the introduction of a global mining management in the social status of the self -employed, with the application of Chapter I of Titlevi of the law of 26 July 1996 to modernize the social security and to indemnify the liveability of the statutory pension systems' has become, http://www.raadvst-consetat.be/dbx/avis/25669; <advisoryr.v.st 25.671/8 of 24 October 1996 on a design the Royal Decree of 18 November 1996 'containing a social insurance in favor of the self -employed, in the event of bankruptcy, and of equal persons, with application of Articles 29 and 49 of the Law of 26 July 1996 to modernize social security and to indemnify the liveability of the statutory pension systems, http: //www.raadvst consetat.be/dbx/avis/25671; Advice r.v.st. 25,992/1/2/8 of 23 January 19997 on a preliminary draft that the law of 13 June 1997 was taken 'to ratify the Royal Decree decisions with application of the law of 26 July 1996 to the realization of the budgetary conditions for the participation of Belgium to the European Economic and Monetary Union, and the Law of 26 July1996 to modernize social security and to indemnify the liveability of the legal pension systems', http://www.raadvst-consetat.be/dbx/avis/25 992.11 June 2020. - Decree of the Walloon Government of Special Powers No 42 on the granting of specific testing to the GAS and Electricity families in the context of the Sanitary Crisis COVID-19 Dewalle Government, in view of the decree of 17 March 2020 awarding special powers the Walloon Government in the context of the Sanitary Crisis COVID-19, Article 1; Having regard to the decision of the Walloon Government of 18 March 2020 on the emergency measures regarding the budg etmeter; in view of the consent of the Minister of Budget, given on 20 May 2020; in view of the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on April 14 and 7 May 2020; in view of the report of 20 May 2020 drawn up in accordance with Article 3, 2 °, of the Decree of 11 April 2014 implementing the resolutions of the Women's Conference of the United Nations that held in Beijing in September 1995 and for the integration of the gender dimension in the whole of the regional policies; 2020; In view of the advice 67,470 of the Council Vanstate given on 2 June 2020 in accordance with Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the Laws Op de Raad van State, coordinated on January 12, 1973 happened to the urgent necessity; having regard to the decree of 12 April 2001 on the organization of the regional electricity market, in particular Article 33/bis/2, inserted by the Decree of 19 July 2018; Having regard to the Decree of 19 Dec. Emember 2002 on the organization of the regional gas market, Article 32, replaced the decree of 17 July 2008 and amended by the Decree of 21 May 2015; Having regard to the decision of the Walloon Government of 30 March 2006 on the public service obligations on the electricity market; The decision of the Walloon Government of 30 March 2006 on the public service obligations on the Gasmarkt, in view of the urgent need to provide specific support after the exceptional anitarian crisis in connection with COVID-19 and the consequences thereof in uncertainty, in particular withdrawing areas of energy; in view of the need to reduce legal uncertainty for the network operators, suppliers and families concerned by the amendment to the decision of the Walloon Government of 18 March 2020 on the emergency measures regarding the budget meter; on the nomination of Deminister of Energy; after deliberation; , Decree: Article 1. For the application of this Decree, Verstaa will be n under: 1 ° the decision concerning the electricity market: the decision of the Walloon Government of 30 March 2006 on the public service obligations on the electricity market; 2 ° the decision on the gas market: the decision of the Walloon Government of 30 March 2006 on public service obligations on The Gasmarkt3 ° Social supplier: distribution network operator to the protected customer supplies Article 26 of the Decree on electricity markets Article 30 of the Decree on the Gasmarkt.art. 2. A one-off and exceptional test COVID-19, in the amount of seventy-five euros for gas and one hundred euros for electricity, is awarded to the residential buyer with an active budget meter through a budget meter filling 30 June 2020. This support is provided until October 30, 2020As soon as the customer has put his card in his budget meter, it automatically shows a positive balance of € 100 in electricity € 75 in gas, regardless of the previous balance and/or the previously charged amounts. The distribution network managers take all the measures to inform the customer with a budget meter of the need to quickly sweep his card at the end of the period from March 18 to 30 June 2020 at a charging point, being able to enjoy the COVID-19 support And to prevent a break. These announcements remembering the conditions that the distribution network manager has drawn up to comply with Article1 of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 18 March 2020 on the emergency measures regarding the budget meter the consequences on his invoice. The distribution network operators remind their customers to the end dock once a month with all appropriate means of communication to the conditions for the award of the support. For customers with budget meters who have benefited from the Diede Distribution Cet managers conditions in accordance with Article 1 of the aforementioned decision of the Walloon Government of 18 March 2020, the distribution set manager sets the last known index the moment that the buyer has used his card, in accordance with paragraph 1, on and send it through within 15 days to be able to take advantage of the COVID-19 support. The supplier sends the Customer and Regularization invoice with the consumption that he has delivered to the Customer in the period from 18 March to 30 June. This invoice will be prepared as soon as possible and at the latest within 30 days. In the event of a regularization for the benefit of the customer, the reimbursement of the overpoed amount as provided for in the general terms and conditions of the supplier will be on the latest within thirty days following the date of the regularization invoice. If the customer does not on the amount of his invoice on The due date has paid, the supplier applies the procedures that apply to the residential buyer in the event of non-payment, as set out in Chapter IV, departmentii, Articles 29 to 30 Quater for the Decree on the electricity market and Chapter IV, departmentii, Articles 32 to 33 quater for the decision on the gas market. At the latest on 30 September2020, the government, on the proposal of the minister, competent for energy, on the advice of CWAPE and in consultation with suppliers, the distribution network managers and the social associations, the conditions for the repayment of the unpaid sums that are still related to the in Paragraph 3 Regularization invoices. In Deviation from the provisions of the Decree on the electricity market and the decision -relevant Gasmarkt, the costs and interest that are charged to the customer for the issue of this invoice are collected at a maximum of five euros per energy. Art. 3. The Region will be responsible for the costs of the support referred to in Article 2 via a specific budget article.Dedistributiet operator, informs the administration of the number of customers referred to in Article 2. In the notification, which together with the in Article 2 (3) , the information referred to is sent, the supplier is stated the number of customers involved, whereby a distinction is made between Degasvector on the one hand and the electricity vector on the other. The supplier, including the social supplier, informs the administration by 31 August 2020 at the latest On honor of honor stating the total amount of the support provided and the number of beneficial customers for gas on the one hand and for electricity on the other, for the customers referred to in Article 2 (3). For the other customers, the supplier, including the social supplier, informs the administration at the latest on 30 November 2020 at the latest on a declaration of claim on honor with mention of the total amount of the awarded support and the number of customers who pre -gas the support on the one hand and for electricity on the other. The administration quickly checks as possible and at the latest within 30 days the coherence with the information provided by the distribution network operators. After checking, the amount of the COVID-19 Support will be reimbursed to the social supplier within 30 days. Art. 4. An additional intervention of the Region of 1.7 million euros, as well as any balance of the budget that remains after the reimbursement -in -payment Article 3 (3) of the suppliers and social suppliers, is granted to Heto.C.M.W., in proportion to the number of beneficiaries of the living wage, to intervene in the payment of the electricity or gas accounts of precarious familiesThe intervention is carried out in paragraph 1 after a social investigation by the OCMW, in particular for the invoices referred to in Article2 (3) of the families, as well as for the invoices of the unprotected customers supplied by the Distribution Cet Manager in accordance with Article 31, § 5 , of the decree on the electricity market or Article 34, § 6, of the Decree on the Gasmarkt.art. 5. In Article 2 of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 18 March 2020 on the emergency measures regarding the budget meter, replaced by Erratum on 2 April 2020, the sentences "All current procedures for placement of a budget meter are canceled. Customers remain by their supplier in accordance with their current contracting contract. " lifted.art. 6. This decision comes into effect on the day following the announcement of in the Belgian Official Gazette.art. 7. The Minister of Energy is responsible for the implementation of this decision. Names, 11 June 2020. For the government: the Prime Minister, etc. Rupode Minister of Climate, Energy and Mobility, Ph. HENRYPublication: 2020-06-22Numac: 2020041785waalse Government Service 11 June 2020.-Decision of the Walloon Government of Special Powers No. 46 to deviate and supplement the Code of Local Democracy and Decentralization for local finances with heavy debt burden as a result of the to support the crisis covid-19 and allow budget deficits to be reported to the government's extraordinary health crisis in connection with COVID-19 who presented the current and upcoming rules, taken to limit the spread of the virus among the population, are of such a nature Any form of activity on the territory of the Walloon Region even delaying some services. The economic lockdown and the recommendations they received are now and will later have a major influence on municipal finances, both the receptions and in terms of expenditure, both directly and indirectly, and this for all entities, and in particular the OCMWs There it is important to support the municipalities in their possibility, regardless of whether it is efforts in their participation in and supporting the fight against the epidemic and its consequences in the economic and social level, or to guarantee their finance force in The framework of the restart of their activities in the coming years. Budgetary soup: the local authorities are the first investors in the country. So it is important that their budgetary rules are also relaxed, so that they can continue to play their role of Motorin the economy. To relax these rules and respond to the various local situations, a percentage of shortage on the actual operating year is permitted For the 2020s to 2021, against 3% and 5% respectively. For municipalities that have normal reserves and/or a surplus of facilities, it will be possible to book them back to a hot operating year at the level of the permitted shortage. must fall. In that respect, the municipality must add an appendix to which the various items above can be read. In the framework of the budgetary supply, the amount of the facilities formed is particularly checked. The municipalities of the municipalities must justify the amounts, the amount and their maintenance. Taking into account the situation, the determined surplus will have to be included in the results if this requirement is due to the balance or must be included in the fund of the ordinary reserves or in a specific facility established in the context of the crisis. Municipalities): The basic principle is therefore the global balance of the ware budget. For the municipalities that no longer reach a global balance due to the consequences of the sanitary crisis, a specific assistance loan can be granted at the amount of costs (in receipts/expenditures) that The appendix states and checked, limited to the maximum percentages. The loan application will be made annually by 30 September of the year at the latest to the Aid Center and the Walloon Public Service Domestic Affairs and Social Action. The loans are granted annually , in function of The realistic state that the municipalities experience, and after verification of the various affected items, where the municipalities are transferred by the municipalities in a specific attachment. The loans will therefore be granted the year on the endevan. The reimbursement period is set at a maximum of ten years, with an alarm regional intervention on interest. Loan for ordinary expenses Own Opcovid-19: the local authorities are in that capacity in primary care compared to deburgers and the local economy. It is therefore essential that they have the resources to absorb the various financial consequences of the crisis on their own budgets, but also intervene in the local economic level, and for that their closeness is their best asset. After all, the actual situation may differ from the regional and local condition in terms of economic relnance. Investments are undeniably an indispensable condition for the economic relnance. And the local authorities are the first investors in the country. It nevertheless serves to point out that these extraordinary reserves were built on the one hand when Vande Crisis was not yet there and on the other hand, based on the normal year of service. Investments are not the only lever for the Economic RelanceIt is also indispensable that they are getting rid of to act in the very short term and to be able to respond to the established terrain needs, without having to wait for longer periods that are accompanied by investments. To respond to the rule of the rule of the loan deviated, as is currently established for investments, to offer municipalities the possibility of being able to take loans for ordinary expenses that are specifically intended for the Economic Relance. After all, the situation is very varied, with regard to the formation of ordinary reserves, provisions of extraordinary reserves. Combining loans and extraordinary reserves may not exceed the upper limit of 100 euros per inhabitant on the 2020-2021. the reimbursement does not last longer than a maximum of 20 years, and In its certainly, the municipality is carried directly without any regional help. Evaluation: an evaluation is being carried out in front of 31 March 2021. This evaluation then not only looks at the real figures of the different consequences of the 2020 crisis, but also at the estimates for 2021 on the same consequences. In addition, a state of affairs is also drawn up of the way in which the municipalities make rely on the various derogation schemes, and to the various relain measures taken. It is impossible to carry out both evaluation and reports if the collection of the different data is only at the end of the year and can be adopted with regard to the year 2020 but also with regard to the refined estimates for 2021. This evaluation will also be justified to determine any later measures. Advice of the Legislation of the Council of State No. 67,466 of 2 June: The joint formal and technical adjustments proposed by the Council of State have been followed. Regarding the choice to take certain changes to the Code of Local Democracy and Decentralization, and not in the General Regulations on municipal compatibility, the Council of State behind our motivation Originating from the urgent necessity, the importance of the measures, the coherence of the consent approach, its readability and its exceptional character. The provisions: Article1 allows a shortage of the actually financial year of the ordinary service, by 3% in 2020 and 5 % in 2021, explicitly fluent from the impact of the Sanitaire Crisis COVID-19 on the municipal budgets. The Zeezesccentages are calculated on the total of the ordinary expenditure of the actual operating year.ikel2 provides for the possibility for municipalities that cannot present a global balance For DeGewone service, to apply for an allowance from the regional aid center for the municipalities, with a total takeover of the interest by the region. It also stipulates that deprets in that case, when the lack of balance arises, explicitly argue from the impact of Desanitarian crisis, should not submit a convergence plan. Article 3 stipulates that ordinary reserve funds can be recovered to the actually operating year of the ordinary services were the provisions . Article 4 offers the municipalities the opportunity to go into loans/or on the back of extraordinary reserves for financing the specific expenditure for reliance measures in direct connection with the sanitary crisis. The answer to the comments of the Unievan cities and municipalities of Wallonia is to speak. The maximum amount permitted for both financing options for the period 2020-2021 is 100 euros per inhabitant. The period to repay the loan is set at a maximum of 20 years. Article 5 stipulates that the Decree comes into effect on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. Advice van deraad van State no. 67,466/4 of 2 June 2020 Department of legislation on 25 May 2020, the Council of State, Division Legislation, was by the Minister of Housing , Local authorities and city policy of the Walloon Region requested to communicate an advice within a period of five working days with regard to a draft decision `to deviate and supplement the Code of Local Democracy and Decentralization to result in local finances with heavy debt burden as a result as a result of the crisis COVID-19 Testunen and budget deficits. " The design was examined on 2 June 2020 by the fourth room. The Chamber was composed of Martine Baguet, chairwoman of the Chamber, Luc Cambieren Bernard Blero, state councils, and Anne-Catherine van Geersdaele, clerkThe report was submitted by Marc Oswald, first auditor. The advice, of which the text follows, was issued on 2 June 2020. According to Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws `On the State Council ', coordinated on 12 January 1973, the request for advice must be given specifically the motives that account for the urgent nature of it. Writing is as follows: "Mostly the extraordinary health crisis in connection with COVID-19 that affects Belgium and that the current rules, taken to the to limit the virus to the population, such that they slow down any form of activity on the territory of the Walloon Region and even paralyze some services; local boards, obstructs; e Waalsiegoing in the context of the Health Crisis COVID-19, is authorized to take all useful measures to prevent and treat every situation that causes problems in the strict framework of the pandememcovid-19 and its consequences and that urgently need to be treated under penalty of serious danger; Municipalities are mainly authorized to regulate matters of municipal interest and to prevent disruptions of public order, including peace, health and public safety; mostly the crisis COVID-19 will have negative consequences on the finances of the local, municipal administration zowel on the receipt side and on the expenditure side, local authorities will have to be assumed; Whereas it is also important that the efforts of numerous local, municipal boards in their participation in and supporting the fight against the Epidemia support ". of the laws "on the Council of State", coordinated on January 12, 1973, the legislative hair department limits investigation to the legal basis of the draft, to the jurisdiction of the stater of the deed, equally the completion of the prior form requirements, in accordance with Article 84 , § 3, of the aforementioned coordinated laws. On these three points, the following comments are made. Research of the draft hef1. Article 6 of the Special Law of 8 August 1880 "Determining reform of the institutions" should not be intended as this does not offer a legal basis for the present design.2. On the other hand, paragraph 1 of Article 1 of the Decree of 17maart 2020 must be intended, "to the granting of special powers to the Walloon government in the Framework for the Health Crisis COVID-19", that the Walloon Government, in addition to mentioning it Third Considerans, is authorized "to take all useful measures to prevent every situation that causes problems in the strict framework of the COVID-19 Pandemie and its consequences must be treated urgently on pain of serious danger". 3. A visa -relevant advice of the Council of State must be inserted for the Consider Opsen, reading as follows: "In view of advice No 64.466/4 of the Council of State, given on 2 June 2020, in accordance with Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 2 °, of the laws on the Council of State coordinated on January 12, 1973; " (1). In the introductory sense, in the French version, the word "avec" must be replaced by the word "par". Paralagon 3 in the design must precede the sign "§ 3". ​​These comments apply to the continuation of the design. 2. article L1314-2, § 3, of the Code of Local Democracy and Decentralization (hereinafter: the Code), in Design, should, in the French version, ring as follows: «§ 3. Pardérogation au Paragraphe 2, L'Exercice Propre du Service Ordinaire (La Suite Comme Au Projet) ». In the continuation of this provision, in the French version, the expression" L'Emerercice Propre "is preferably used above" l'Exercice proprement this ". In that respect, the representative of the Minister confirms that concepts are equivalent. The same comment also applies to Article L1314-1, §5, paragraph 1, in draft (Article 3 of the draft). Article 2.1. In the first paragraph of article L1314-1, § 4, in design, in the French version, the concept of "Équilibreglobal Au Service Ordinaire" is used, which is not described in the CodeAccording to the representative The Minister is the "global" balance of which there is the balance as in the meaning of Article L1314-1, § 1, of the Code. The stater of the design is therefore requested to refer to this determination.2. The second paragraph of Article L1314-1, § 4, in the design, provides for the possibility of financial help from the government. According to the memorandum to the government, this help would be granted in the form of a loan from the regional aid center for the municipalities ( CRAC), where the regional guest is taking over. The design would benefit from an insertion of such a supply. 3. In the third paragraph of article L1314-1, § 4, in design, serve in the French version, the words "Le Cas échéant". Article 3 article L1314-1, § 5, in design, provides for the possibility of for the years of service 2020 and 2021 The funds of the ordinary reserves, whether or not provided with a special destination, can be booked back to the "actual" operating year of the ordinary service as if it were facilities. This possibility deviates from any provision of the Code, but it is of Article 3, § 1, of the Decree of the Waalssekery of 5 July 2007 containing the General Regulations on the municipal compatibility for implementation of Article L1315-1 of the Local Democracy and Decentralization Code, the Decree, however, intends to design , to be based on the decree of 17 March 2020 and not on that article L1315-1, which the government is charged "the budget, financial and accounting rules of the municipalities and the rules in connection with the Further Avenue Ways of the acts of the offices of their accounting people to determine. Asked to the Minister's delegate, justifies this choice on the following method: "In view of the urgent necessity and the importance of private decisions, but also the coherence of the joint provisions (articles 1 to 5), to guarantee their readability and the outdoor nature of it, we have deemed it indispensable to insert them in the Code of the Place of Democracy and decentralization. authorization, executed by the design, it fits no difficulty. The attention of the author of the design is nevertheless observed on the fact that the text will have to be the object of a later decree confirmation -agreement Article 4 of the Decree of 17 March 2020 , which will result in the provisioner deviation from the decision of the government of 5 July 200 7 Power of Decree will have. Articles in contrast to the legislative texts, the decisions will not be announced. The provision serves either omitted, in which case the decision will come into effect, the tenth day after the day of announcement, in accordance with Article 84 (1) of the special law of 8 August 1980, or revised the entry into force of the Decree fixed to be set on an earlier fixed date than that arising the application of the common law. The clerk, Anne-Catherine of Geersdaeledevoorzitster, Martine Baguet __________cillary (1) Principles of the legislative technology manual for the drafting of legislative and regulatory texts, Tab legislation technique, Recommended . 36.1 and Formula F 3-5-211 June 2020.-Decree of the Walloon Government of Special Powers No. 46 to deviate and supplement the Code of Local Democrants The decentralization for local finances with heavy debt burden as a result of the COVID crisis 19te supports and budget deficits to admit Walloon Government, in view of Article39 of the Constitution; in view of the special law of 8 August 1980 for the reform of the institutions, as amended; in view of the decree of 17 March 2020 to the granting of special powers to the Walloon Government In the context of the Health Crisis COVID-19, in particular Article 1, § 1; Given Advies no. 67466/4 of the Council of State given on 2 June 2020, in accordance with Article 84, §l, paragraph 1, 2 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973; predominantly the extraordinary health crisis in connection with COVID -19 that affects Belgium today and that the current rules, taken to limit the spread of the virus among the population, are of the case that they delay any form of activity on the territory of the Walloon Region and even paralyze some; This is of such a nature that the proper functioning of the different open services, in particular the local boards, obstructs; COVID-19, is authorized to take all useful measures to prevent and treat every situation that causes problems in the strict framework of the pandemie covid -19 and its consequences and that urgently need to be treated on pain of serious danger; Municipalities are mainly authorized to regulate matters of municipal interest and to prevent disruptions of public order, including peace, health and public safety; mostly the crisis COVID-19 will have negative consequences for the finances of the local authorities, both some concerns the income as the expenses; Whereas the current budget rules to which local authorities are subject to are completely incompatible with the consequences of the health crisis for their action and operating resources; Whereas it is also important to support the efforts of numerous municipal authorities in their participation and support in the fight against the epidemic; on the nomination of the Minister of Local Administration and Urban Policy; after deliberation, decision: Article 1. Article L1314-1 of the Code of Local Democracy and Decentralization is supplemented by paragraph 3, reading as follows: "§ 3. Contrary to paragraph2, the operating year of the ordinary service of the municipal budgets in the Boats2020 and 2021 may display a shortage that specifically arises From the consequences of the COVID-19 crisis in 2020, a maximum of 3% of the total ordinary expenditure of the actual operating year will be. It will be calculated for each budget change 2020. The deficit in 2021 will be a maximum of 5% of the total normal expenditure of your own service year. It will be made for the original budget2021 and every budget change 2021 nd.art. 2. Article L1314-1 of the Code of Local Democracy and Decentralization is supplemented by paragraph 4, reading as follows: "§ 4. In the course of the financial years 2020 and 2021, all municipalities, including the congregation, can already be under management plan are, in the absence of a global balance in normal service, as determined in Article L1314-1, § 1, that is explicitly the result of the COVID-19 crisis, financial support the government. This support depends on the submission of a Specific ManagementPlancoD-19, which first provides for the restoration of the global balance of the ordinary service in the year in which the above financial support was obtained, and then at the latest in the original budget for the financial year 2022 in the restoration of the balance of the actual operating year of Vande ordinary service. This support consists of a loan via the "Center Régional d'Aide Aux Communes" (Regional Aid Center for Municipalities), for which the Gewes t the whole of interest charges. Conditions. 3. Article L1314-1 of the Local Democracy Code and Decentralization is supplemented by paragraph 5, reading as follows: "§5. During the course of the financial years 2020 and 2021, the ordinary reserve funds, intended or Diegeen's special destination have been booked back to the actually operating year of the Device Service as if it were provisions. Based funds to the AD HOC function are returned to a use that has already been described or simply to the "000 general receipts" function if they stretch the actual operating year from the normal service to a balance. ". Art.4. Article L1314-1 of the Code of Local Democracy and Decentralization is supplemented with paragraph 6, reading as follows: "§ 6In the course of the budget years 2020 and201, it is admitted that the specific expenses for the relance that are directly related to Desanitarian crisis, booked on the ordinary service, via a loan and via the return of extraordinary reserve funds to the actual operating year of the ordinary service are financed if the commissions were. The maximum amount permitted of the merged total of loan and return of extraordinary reserve funds for the joint 2020s and 2021 is 100 euros per inhabitant. Dealing duration of the loan is set at a maximum of 20 years. In such a case the loan is first to go to belong to the ordinary service and then transferred to the ad hoc function of the ordinary service as if it was a provision. "Art. 5. This decision comes into effect on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. names, 11 June 2020. For the government: the Prime Minister, e. Di Rupode Minister of Housing, De Plaa Board and Urban Policy, P.-Y. DermagnePublication: 2020-06-25NUMAC: 2020041816 Community Community Commission of Brussels-Head11 June 2020.-Special-Facility Decree No 2020/010 of the United College of the Community Commission on the award to the Bicoma-Health for Health, Assistance to Persons and Family Benefit of the Possibility In the context of the COVID-19 health crisis to perform operational tasks regarding care report to the United Meeting of the Commission Commission The Special Affairs Decree No 2020/010, a needsman of the COVID-19 Health crisis meets an efficient management. The Special Control Decree changes the Dordonnance of 23 March 2017 containing the Bicommuna-Health Service, Bait Persons and Family Benefit at the following point: Iriscare is given the possibility to fulfill the COVID-19 Health crisis in the COVID-19 Health Care. Tasks regarding care provision is understood, among other things: 1. Mobile teams of healthcare providers operations to offer help to healthcare institutions, retirement homes, etc. Where necessary in case of a crisis situation as a result of an outbreak of the COVID-19 virus and/or as a result of a shortage of care staff; 2. Set up a switching care center to safeguard the capacity in the hospitality in the event of a new peak from the COVID-19 Epidemie. To be found analogy with the definition of switching care center, in Article 30, 2 °, of the Royal Decree no. 20 of 13mei 2020 `Continuous measures in the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie and for the insurance of the continuity of care in compulsory medical care insurance ', we mean the term` switching care center' a center that temporarily houses patients who have been referred to a hospital or Referred by a triage and decrease center or by a service of emergencies, and who cannot return directly to their normal living situation. The application of the Special-Mache Decree limits over time, in accordance with consideration 5.2.4. of the advice 67.142/AV of 25 March 2020 of the Council of State. The new provision will be out of effect on January 1, 2021, date that was chosen in the light of a possible second wave of the pandemic. 12 June 2020. -Special -feature Decree No 2020/010 of the United College of the Common Community Commission relevant to the Bicommunaire Health Service, Assistance to Persons and Family Benefit of the possibility of providing operational tasks for care in the context of the COVID -19 United College of the Joint Community Commission, entitled to the Ordonnance of 19 March 2020 to grant special powers to the United College of the Joint Community Commission in the context of the Health Crisis COVID-19, Article 2, § 1; In view of the ordinance of 23 March 2017 containing the establishment of the BicommunautarSdienst for Health, Assistance to Persons and Family Benefit; Having regard to the Agreement of Defined the United College competent for the budget, given on 12 Juin 2020; In view of the Opwet Opwet Incaped Advice 67511/3 of the Council of State, given on 8 June 2020 in application of Article 84, §1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, requested additional penetration; Coronavirus COVID-19 on 11 March 2020 by the WHO labeled as a pandemic; whereas the National Security Council took measures to deduce the distribution of the virus among the population; Advice from the group of experts taxed with the Exit Strategy (Gees), has decided gradually, from 3 May, and if circumstances allow it to reduce a number of measures, but that the virus is still present on the territory; Whereas the strict restriction measures will certainly remain in force and with 3 May, and that regardless of the finishing phase in which we would be in the future, determining measures will remain in force, Such as limiting contacts between people, respecting safe distances and good hygienic reflexes, including covering mouth and nose in the public space on public transport in particular; It is therefore necessary and continues to indemnify the capacity of the hospitals to the maximum or to assist the care institutions, for example by means of the establishment of switching care centers or the broadcasting of mobile care teams; allow iriscare operational tasks with regard to care provision; Whereas that on the basis of Article 2 of the Ordinance of 19 March 2020 to grant special powers to the Spring College of the Joint Community Commission in the context of the Health Crisiscovid-19, the United College GD is to take all necessary measures to advance and treat situations that pose a problem within the strict framework of the COVID-19 Pandema and the consequences of it, and that must be urgently regulated by serious danger; The Municipal Executive can renounce the Advisory Objection In Article22, § 3, of the Ordinance of 23 March 2017 containing the establishment of the Bicommuna -Health Service, Assistance to Persons and Family Benefit; that the COVID-19 Health crisis is not behind the back and requires urgent measures to safeguard the care provisions, to guarantee the population to guarantee the public service; on the recommendation of the members of the United College, competent and health; after consultation, decision: article 1. In Article7 of the Ordinance of 23 March 2017 containing the OP direction of the Bicommunautary Department for Health, Assistance to Persons and Family Benefit, a new member is inserted between the first and second paragraphs, reading as follows: "The service is authorized to perform health-crisis operational tasks regarding care provision in the context of the COVID-19 . "Art. 2. This Decree will take place in the Belgian Official Gazette in the Belgian Official Gazette. Articles 7, second paragraph, of the Ordinance Fan 23 March 2017 containing the establishment of the Bicomautaire Health Service, Assistance and Family Benefit will be canceled on January 1, 2021. Art. 3. The members of the United College competent for welfare and health are charged with the implementation of this decision.brussel, 12 June 2020. For the United College: the chairman of the United College, tax with the coordination of the United College policy, R. Vervoortde members of the United College competent for welfare and health, e. Van den BrandtPublication: 2020-06-23Numac: 2020041827waalse Government Service 11 June 2020.-Decision of the Walloon government of special powers No. 47 on the support program for operators in the tourism sector in the context of the Health Crisis Covid-19 Report of the Walloon Government Government. General overview1. As a result of the Lockdown Maatstonendie, the National Security Council (hereinafter NVR) to combat COVID-19, the Walloon Seal took several initiatives to support the economic sectors that members under a stopping or a delay. The general policy statement of the Walloon Government 2019 -2024 determines the following: "Tourism, or for relaxation or for business, offers numerous opportunities for economic development in different-reds. In order to better play the tourist assets of Wallonia, the government intends to consider tourism as a full economic sector that wealth produces and provides a lot of employment in Wallonia ". After all, tourism stands for a significant economic weight in Wallonia, namely: -2.8 billion € the annual expenditure; - 7.9 billion € turnover;- 3.6 billion € gross-authorized value, accounting for 4.1% of the Walloon gross-authorized value;- 84,000 labor places or 59,000 full-time equivalents. 2. The tourism sector suffers hard sanitary crisis, mainly due to the NVR measures. These measures were first cast informal form by a ministerial decision of 13 March 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the COVID-19 Coronavirus. Subsequently, this ministerial decision was made and replaced by the Ministerial Decree of 23 March 2020 on urgent measurement of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (entry into force on 23 March 2020). The measures of which speak are the following: • Closure of restaurants, discos, bars and cafés • cancellation of all recreational, cultural, folkloric, sporting, private or public activities, regardless of its size- are closed to the public: museums, Theaters, operas, film rooms, cultural centers, libraries, tourist sights, tourist services, amusement parks, indoor prison parks, recreational centers and animal parks-- also closed sports or fitness rooms (internships/individual lessons are included), swimming pools; Access to such spaces in hotels and holiday logiesis is also prohibited- all mass manifestations are prohibited (carnival, processions, exhibitions); cancellation of all major events such as festivals, until the end of August; • non-essential stores and commercial matters must be closed; • Non-essential movements are prohibited. Tourist trips are considered non-essential. Moreover, from now on, no one is allowed to pull his second stay; • Gites, campsites, guest rooms, Airbnb and furniture holiday homes are tourist establishments that must close; • Hotels may remain open to accommodate essential movements (not for tourist stays), without possibility of access to a bar, common halls or recreational spaces; The restaurants of these hotels must close, unless they can bring the meal to the room. The occupancy of the open hotels is low. In terms of the aviation sector, the airport of Charleroi has been closed since March 25, Ryanair has almost all his flights have been suspended Brussels Airlines since March 24, all his flights have been the European flights have been the European Borders signed 17 March. This gives the following figures for the estimate of the lost turnover in the months of March, April and May 2020: Tourism industry in its entirety - total turnover € 159,747,798 € Tourism industrialin - total turnover only associated with tourism 320.407. 174 € Ankle sectors Bed and tourist sights 128,369,087 € The operators with canceled activities due to the federal government in the National Security Council also deals with lost receipts that in turn cause reduced cash and a lack of cash. As a result, strikes of payments to creditors and side -effects is therefore threatening to temper untenable economic situations.3. On March 17, 2020, Hetwaal's parliament adopted a decree to the granting of special powers to the Walloon government in the framework of the health crisis COVID-19. In Article 1, § 1, the government in the matters that fall under the competence of the Walloon Region take all use measures to prevent and treat every situation that causes problems in the strict frame-up COVID-13 and the consequences and that must be regulated on pain of serious danger.4It has therefore been proposed to the Walloon government to take all urgent measures from the operators charged with tourist activities to support the quality of life of the permanent consequences of the sanitary crisis on the Walloon economy. The same is the basis of their structure in an umbrella financial support program in the short term of which perimeter was determined on the basis of the executed tourist activities. The proposals are built around the following guidelines: - Provide cash to prevent pays from payments in creditors and side consequences and unsustainable economic situations to pent;-overhauling policy: the various tourist activities that have been suspended due to demit measures of the National Security Council; - the administrative burden of the treatment of the application files submitted for both the Tourism Commissariaat, which it will manage the regulation of Article 5.d, § 1, 1 °, of the Walloon Tourism Code, and for the beneficiaries as low as possible; - Ensuring budgetary control by projection mechanisms (cursors and maximum amounts) and the determination of awarded budgets. Being intended: -the activities in the event sector; - The activities in the Sights sector;- The activities related to accommodation in the Social Tourism sector. In addition, authorizations for a resumption of activities that the NVR could take will be accompanied by new-grazing requirements for which generic support will be offered. 5. The legislative technique of the special powers is taken into consideration. Due to the umbrella nature of the measures with an eye for smooth readability, a single decision is made by the government. All considered support includes this, with a legislative measure for making the right to support for each measure thereof, in addition, the implementing measures with regard to Namede granting criteria and rules. 6. On 2 June 2020, the Council of State, the legislation department, was requested by the Minister of Civil Service, Tourism, Heritage and Road Safety of the Walloon Region within a period of five working days on a draft decision of the Walloon government of Special POWS No. XX containing the support program for operators in the tourism sector in the framework of the sanitary crisis in connection with COVID-19. The advice of the Council of Statewerd issued on 9 June 2020 (advice 67/523/4) .7 .7. This decision is part of this context to determine a support program for the tourist operators.ii. Discussion of Articles Chapter I. - Increase in the subsidization of the houses for tourism for tourism for tourism for the realization of the actions and campaigns for the promotion of tourism in their office article 1 is aimed at, the subsidization of the houses for tourism, recognized By strengthening the Commissioner General for Tourism, for the implementation of the actions and campaigns for the promotion of tourism in their activity area, in the context of the Relance of the sector following the sanitary crisis caused by COVID-19. Article594.d of the Walloon Tourism Code provides for a subsidy percentage of the Houses for Tourism Furthermore The actions or campaigns for promotion of tourism in their 40% or 50% activity area (side actions that perform at least two houses for tourism together), with one Maximum amount determined corresponding procedure referred to in Article 595.d.d. The determination of an allowance percentage holds the facto a financial contribution of the houses for tourism that is in proportion to the percentages of the non -subsidized spending expenses. They must therefore have the financial capacity to cover these amounts in the form of their own receipts or other financial participations. In view of the announced perspectives as a result of the sanitary crisis COVID-19, tourist-conditioned must have all useful, attractive and complete information on activity signs they get to be read. The houses for tourism are the professional reference level before the tourism that ensures a swing of the territory of the Walloon Region. Thereom IS -Beslist to bring the subsidy percentage referred to in Article 594.d of the Walloon Tourism Code to 100%. This measure gives the houses for tourism the means to improve their assignments and the operational potential in terms of promotion to compensate for the consequences of the Sanitary Crisis COVID-19. The second paragraph provides for a condition for the grant of the subsidy to the houses for tourismThis condition strives to position the houses for Tourismor in the communication plan that will be introduced with a view to the Relance in the Sectora The sanitary crisis caused by COVID-19.kapreage II. - Subsidies for operators The tourist sector that generally organizes tourist events with a regional tourist zoning, for the costs related to the organization of events with a regional tourist destination that were canceled between 14 March 2020 and 31 August 2020 dedicated to a subsidy subsidy Coverage of the financial commitments that the tourist operators have approached in the context of the organization of event -related activities with a regional -tourist destination. Since the decision of the National Security Council of 12 March2020, which was adopted in the Ministerial Decree of 13 March 2020, all recreational, cultural, folkloric, sporting, private or public activities, regardless of its size, have been withdrawn from 14 Maarten to withdraw it canceled. The operators who generally organize event-related activities with a regional tourist destination can today have the available budgetary subsidies for the promotion of these activities based on the descriptive content of basic allocation 33.01 of the annual budgeting-general for tourism. The maintenance of the subsidization for the promotion man These canceled activities has become meaningless and can no longer be justified legally. Yet the organization of event -related activities with a regional -tourist destination must no longer be justified In addition to the promotion, financial commitments, mainly for the date of the programmed event (booking of the room, brewers, hygiene, safety, artist performance, etc.), from which the operators and subordinate boards cannot be bound by contracts. This financial support mechanism takes shape of a subsidization of the expenditure for each event prior to the date on which the measures of the National Security Council were announced, namely 12 March2020. In other words, all verbenses that entered into contractually with thirds before 14 March 2020 are eligible for the reference. A written contract is non -legisch. Transferring an invoice or an order form can prove the existence of a legal provision in a contractual framework. In that case, the invoice or order form must date from Voorden14 March 2020, unless there is a demonstrated by each legal remedy that there was indeed an OPEN DATE concluded in advance. Those expenses are not eligible if a deconectual commitment is an explicit cancellation clause of the obligation to pay. The expenses that are deleted by the organizer of the event due to an explicit cancellation clause, they cannot justify the grant of the subsidy. The existence of a clear cancellation clause ensures that the publication does not qualify, even if the organizer refrains, to invoke this clause and actually paid this edition. The legal commitment in a contractual framework must be concluded with a third party. This means that the co -confuser of the contract may not be part of the organizer of the tourist sector. The wage expenditure for staff members, employed by an employment contract, the organizer of the Tourist Office, are not eligible, nor are the expenditure for a director of the organizer of an event. The subsidies are settled after submission of the costs entered into, on the understanding that the actual payment can take place later. After all, the purpose of the measure is to ensure that the organizers of events have enough means of cash to compensate their suppliers. The granting of the subsidy is therefore not linked to the condition of the prior payment of the suppliers, but that payment, which will take place later, is essential. Section 3 provides for the conditions for the grant of this subsidy. These criteria for taking into account the event -related activity with a tourist impact are just the same as the criteria for the application, by the administrative case law of the Commissariaat General for Tourism, for the optional subsidy for the promotion. Thus are eligible for the measure, the operators who generally organize event -related activities with a tourist destination and a regional reachThe criterion of time -related return is decisive. Excluded and not intended are the activities of which of the cultural, sporting, environmental or still heritage-oriented event-related character predominantly. The event-related activities with a mainly local range are also excluded. The regional range of the event is assessed according to:- the number of participants in the event;- the direct and untrech regional economic effects;- the volume of the expenses entered into the operator for the organization From the event- the resonance of the event impressed the image of Wallonia as a destination. The activity should have taken place between March 14 ,2020 and 31 August 2020 included. The activity that would take place over several days and for which days are outside that period are eligible as at least one day in that period. Depending on the analysis of the various evaluation criteria regarding the regional range of the event-related activity, the support amount is submitted to the Minister of Tourism by the Commissioner General for Tourismer decision. In his advice 67,523/4, the Department of the Council of State considered it the fundamental elements of this regulation to precision disrupted. However, it must be mentioned that this authority to grant a subsidy will be in line with the stater of the text in a discretionary assessment authority. The legal doctrine has made a distinction between the bound authority and the discretionary authority with regard to subsidy: "The subsidy is introduced by the text (...) as well as by the implementing decisions, which serve to determine whether the authority of the subsidizing government is bound or discretionaris. If the amount of the subsidy, its allocation conditions and the beneficiaries are objectively described in it, it concerns a bound authority (...). (...). If the texts grant the subsidizing authority, it concerns a on the contrary a discretionary authority (...). " (J. de Beys, B. Gors et ch. Thiebaut, «la Procédure d'OtroTroi of Subventions» Ind. Renders (Dir.), Les Subventions, Brussels, Larcier, 2011, p. 310-311). this subsidization is aimed at being discretionary in nature: the subsidizing government has a spacious assessment authority both in terms of the recognition of the capacity of "operators of the tourist sector who generally have event -related activities with a regional tourist destination" and in terms of the concept of "regional tourist destination ". The same applies to the circumference of the tourist impact, which determines the subsidy amount. In practice, the subsidy decority will be able to boast administrative case law as it has been established in the award of subsidies to the tourist operators for events that are considered of regional importance. Pection 4 will discuss the obligation to serve a subsidy application. In order to limit the administrative steps that operators have to take as good as possible, the applications for an optional subsidy for the promotions, submitted for 14 March 2020 in the context of the promotion activities, are deemed to be applications that are valid in the context of The new allowance. Section 5 determines the subsidy amounts, determined as follows: € 6,000, € 10,000, € 15,000, € 20,000 or € 25,000. The correct amount is charged by the minister with tourism in function of the importance of the event -related activity for regional tourism. That importance is assessed against the light of the criteria referred to in Article 4, § 3, 3 ° (a) (number of participants, amount of financing, economic effects ...). Section 6 confirms the control authority of the Commissariaat General for Tourism. To make this check possible, the operator of the tourism sector or the subordinate board, in the appendix to the principle decision to grant the subsidy referred to in § 1, a declaration of the type of debt claim . The operator has the obligation to return that debt receipt declaration, properly completed, to the Commissariat General for Tourism. In the event of an excess amount, the tourist operator the part of the subsidy must repay that the amount that he actually paid for the organization of the cancellation activity exceeds. Incidentally, this is the confirmation of the general law principle that says that every subsidy intended for purposes other than those for which it intended is to be repaid. The operator has the obligation to pay his co -contracting -acting -acting, if appropriate after receipt of the subsidyHe must therefore be able to prove this payment and exposes a requirement for reimbursement of the subsidy amounts he is unable to at least prove the actual payment of expenses that are equivalent to subsidy amount. Chapter III. -Support for the tourism attractions admitted by the Commissariaat General for Tourism for the maintenance costs of Hunfrastructure during the period of compulsory closure for the public as a result of the measures of the federal government to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19, paragraph 1, paragraph 1, refers to Article 1, 5 °. D of the Walloon Tourism Code, in which a definition of what is under a tourist point of view is understood: "5 ° tourist assistance: the place of destination, consisting of a set of integrated and clearly identified activities and services of a resistant infrastructure, which is regularly given change as a natural, cultural or recreational valuable core and which is installed with the goal tourists, day tourists and local visitors without receiving prior reservation; fairground attractions, places that simply offer equipment for rent, landscapes, cities, freely accessible places intended for mere sports practice, for The organization of spectacles, culture, sporting events or festivities are not a tourist sight ". This chapter should be considered in this definition referred to for the implementation of the support measure. By decision of the National Security Council of 12 March 2020, all tourist sights were concluded from March 15th. In the event of decisions of the National Security Council of 6 May, 13 May and 3 June, the reopening of the sights is programmed for some on 18 May, others on 8 June and others are still on July 1 with specific sanitary measures. For the period of suspension of their activities, the tourist sights have not collected any reception with entrance fees. The tourist sights have had to bear the same period costs for the maintenance and maintenance of their infrastructures, including somewhat permanent and therefore had to be made during the period of suspension of their activities. To support these operators, the government decides a financial support mechanism for the operators, to participate in covering the costs inherent in the maintenance of the infrastructures of the tourist sights ten Compared to the tourist weight of the interest involved. Section 2 provides for the conditions for the allocation of this support. Qualify for the measure, the operators authorized by the Commissariaat General for Tourism under Articles 110.d and following of the Waalstourisme Code on the date of entry into force of the decision. Section 3 provides deformal for the calculation of the support amount. It is assumed that the receipts are bound by the admission prices a minimum cover for the costs bound by the infrastructures of debtorizers, without which the profitability of the activities cannot be guaranteed. Consequently, the adopted methodology for the calculation to determine the amount of the support assigned to the operators. Criteria that are taken into consideration:- Daily average of debting visits over the year (paying visitors 2019/365);- Fixed amount for each paying visit, intended for maintenance of the infrastructures: € 1.25; is, with a maximum of 86 days. The amount of the support, awarded to the operators, is determined by multiplication of these three factors. The day average of the paying visits is calculated on the basis of the paying visits to 2019. That number of visitors Calculated over the calendar year 2019 (from January 1 to 31 January 2019), and without a deliberation of the entire duration of the Tourist Activity of the Establishment, to maintain a common and simple calculation rule. In order to objectify the number of visitors and to guarantee equal treatment, the number of visitors is right "in Tempore Non Suspecto" the number provided by the operator in accordance with Article 131, 11 °, of the Code, reading: "The permit holder provides the Commissariat General for Tourism of January 31 of each year of each year The data on the tourist visitor numbers of the past storage year, including the economic indicators and according to the manner determined by the Commissariat-General for Tourism "The calculation method for visitors was recorded by the "Observatoire Wallon Dutourism" on the basis of statistical standards, so that this applies equal application for all operators. At the request of the "Observatoire Wallon du Tourisme", which questions the sights with the visitor numbers, the season tickets are not charged on every visit, but only when purchasing them. So there is no frequent calculation: each subscription counts for one visit. The maximum number charged closing days, namely 86, was calculated in function of the Periodevan 14 March to 7 June 2020. Here it must be mentioned that that number, taking into account force factors , up to a maximum of 86, the number of days on which the sight is connected is counted in calendar days. The fact that the sight anyway on some those days would have been closed (weekly or seasonal closing days, etc.) has no effect. Finally, the amount of the awarded support may not be lower than € 1,000, nor higher than € 200,000. - Support of the VoorSocial Tourism Associations, recognized by the Commissariat General for Tourism, for maintenance costs for Hunitrastructures for Tourist Bedsidketketketie from 14 March 2020 to 7 June 2020 article4, paragraph 1, aims to support the associations for social tourism-in-law In Article 1, 48 °, of the Walloon Tourism Code (in which Social Tourism is described as "the leisure and holiday activities that are organized by an association in such a way that every person, and more in particular the economic and culturally reduced Correction, the best practical terms are offered to actually gain access to those activities ") and that recognition under Article 313.d of the Walloon Tourism Code on the date of entry into force of the decision for the maintenance costs of their tourist accommodation infrastructures incurred during the period from 14maart 2020 to 7 June 2020 during W Every these accommodation -expiring establishments for the public were connected for the successive decisions of the federal government. This support is deposited on the Association for Social Tourism itself, since it is the only recognized market participant (who presents the legal personality) in the sector in the Walloon Tourism Code. Section2 provides for the award conditions. It should be mentioned: - For what the hotel system, the accommodation activities were not suspended by the federal government; -For the regional accommodation provision, the activities are either in the main activity with professional income under a legal statute that made the benefit of the support measure to the same -way measure and the SMEs, established by the government, possible, either if activities in secondary vocational value do not form main activity (no main income ); - With regard to accommodation, not authorized by the Commissioner General for Tourism, they escape completely and to control the tourist activities by the Comissariat and are not subject to any reporting of tourist main activities. For these reasons, the categories of as well as the measure are not eligible for the measure. Incidentally, under the numerous consequences of the sanitary crisis, special attention should be paid to tourists with an economically weakened portfolio for whom the use of accommodation in social tourism is not a pure choice, but The only way out is. The operators in social tourism offer quality vollelogy provisions at a solidarity price. The government has therefore decided to support them with a financial support that they can offer quality vollelogies in the resumption of activities maintained to the transfer of the costs incurred for the maintenance of these accommodation -expanded period of suspension of their activities, at the proposed prices to be able to be able to temper. Paralards provides the formula for the calculation of the support amount. The calculation method proposed to determine the amount of the support granted to the operators for social tourism is established with chapter 4, "support for the maintenance of the infrastructure of the tourist sights". Based on the principle that the Commissariaat General for Tourism does not have the specific visiting figures for every accommodation in the social tourism, the criterion that is linked to the daily average of the paying visitor is nevertheless replaced by the bed capacity of the accommodationThe receptions in connection with the price of the overnight stays at least cover the costs associated with the maintenance of the accommodation provisions in social tourism, if the profitability of activity maintains. Criteria that are taken into consideration: - capacity of delogy provisions regarding number of beds: - flat -rate amount set for each paying accommodation, intended for maintenance of the accommodation provisions: € 1.25; period from March 18 to June 7. The amount of the support, assigned to the operators, is determined by multiplication of these three factors. Chapter V. - Support for some tourist institutions, tourist accommodation and tourist sights authorized or recognized by the Commissariat General for Tourism for the costs concerning the introduction of the sanitary measures that are compulsory for the activities of the activities to be resumption of the activity thin to be accompanied by the sanitary measures established by the federal government as a result of the National Security Council of 3 June 2020. article 5 Purpose of the aid for costs for the introduction of the sanitary measures is required for the resumption of activities. Detoerist operators who were given the introduction of sanitary measures as a condition for the resumption of activities will have to make expenditure that the government proposes to participate. PARAGRAAF 1 Bakent off the potential beneficiaries of this support. This concerns tourist accommodation, associations for social tourism and tourist sights authorized or recognized by the Commissariaat General for Tourism. Pection 2 points to the conditions that the actor intended in paragraph 1 must meet in order to get the support. For that support are eligible for being eligible The tourist operators are authorized by the Commissariat General for tourism on the date of entry into force of the decision and at the time of liquidation of the support. of the support, the proof that the application for renewal of the authorization has been submitted. Incidentally, the operator will have to commit to it, the sanitary measures, at the time of submitting the request for support by the federal government, Nate Life. Section 3 elaborates on the calculation of the granted amount granted, determined per category or subcategory operators from the tourism sector. The amounts of the awarded support are fixed in no time in function of the activities that the operators provide, and for some of them, a rato of the tourist weight of the activities they provide, with maximum amounts per scale. The following calculation method was determined: - accommodation blocks -under rent money (tourist accommodation in the countryside, staying on the farm, holiday homes in the city and furnished holiday homes): 600 € lump sum per authorized accommodation for rent scheme; , located at the same operating location;- Hotel furnishings Road-to-tour tourist weight with reference to the residential units: 1,000 € fixed + 10 € per room;- Campsites a rato of the tourist weight under reference to camping pitches: 1,000 € fixed + 5 € per camping site;-- Holiday villages A rato of the tourist weight under Reference to the number of residential units: 1,000 € fixed + 10 € per residential unit; login provisions for social tourism, a rato of the tourist weight with reference to the number of beds: 1,000 € fixed + 10 € per bed; - sights, rato of the tourist weight with reference to the number of paying visitors: 1,000 € fixed + € € 0.2 per paying visitors, in windows for the rest of the tourist period (daily average of the paying visitors of the year 2019 multiplied by the number of days between the opening date access by the federal government, namely 18 May 2020, 8 June 2020 or 1 July 2020, and 30 November2020 included). The end of the tourist period will be established on November 30, 2020s and a realistic agreement is with the closure of most sights. PARAGRAAF4 confirms the control authority of the Commissariat General for Tourism. An A PosterioriControle about the actually made expenses can be implemented, with the obligation to repay for the operators, where appropriate, for the part of the support that the amount of the expenditure is made. Chapter VI- Further rules for submitting the subsidy and support request in chapters 2 to 5 article 6 provides for further rules for submitting the subsidy and support applications. Only the applications submitted on the basis of the type forms, determined by the Commissariaat General for Tourism, are receptive. Only the applications submitted The online form that can be completed on the website of the Commissariaat General for tourism or with certified electronic shipment of the form, corresponding to the subsidy or desteun, properly entered with a clearly indicated e-mail address, are admissible. All applications are submitted no later than 30 June 2020. Chapter VII. - Final and transitional provisions article7 stipulates that the decision comes into effect the day after adoption thereof by the Walloon Government.artikel8 stipulates that the minister is responsible for tourism charged with the implementation of this Decree .______cates1 Art. 5D of the Walloon Tourism Code. «§ 1. The Commissariaat General for Tourism is responsible for: 1 ° the implementation of the general tourism policy of the government; ...". Advisory of the Council of State No. 67.523/4 of 9 June 2020 Department of legislative on 2 June 2020werd the council van State, legislation department, by the Minister of Civil Service, Computer Science, Administration Simplification, charged with child benefit, tourism, heritage and road safety of the Walloon Regional search within a period of five working days to issue advice on a draft decision from Dewalle Government `of special powers no. ... concerning the support program for operators in the tourist sector in the context of the health crisis covid-19'. The design was investigated by the Deaviered Chamber on 9 June 2020. The room was composed of Martine Baguet, chairwoman Vande Kamer, Luc Cambier and Bernard Blero, State Councils, and Anne-Catherine van Geersdaele, clerk. Reporting was released by Benoit Jadot, first auditor departmental. The advice with the following text was issued on 9 June 2020. According to Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws `on the Council of State ', coordinated on January 12, 1973, the request for advice should be in the special motives specified that justify the urgent character. Writing as follows: "In view of the urgent necessity, inspired by the fact that the measures, announced by the National Security Council of 12 March 2020 and the Ministerial Decree of 23 March2020 containing urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Met the cancellation of all activities of cultural, festive, folkloric, sporting, tourist and recreational nature, as well as the closure for the public of the tourist operators from March 14, 2020; that the tourist operators were suspended activities or canceled with maintenance costs for their infrastructure or expenses that are fixed were laid for the decision of the National Security Council of 12 March 2020; that they are dealing with the absence of revenue, which reduces cash and there is a lack of liquid resources; That the strikes of payments to the creditors of the tourist operators and related consequences are in danger of, with any unbearable economic consequences; that the resumption of the activities of the tourist operators means that the introduction of sanitary measures should therefore take urgent measures to be taken to be favored by the tourist operators to support their quality of life and to prevent a mass-movo effect on the Walloon economy; that these support and subsidies may be paid immediately and that the urgent necessity is therefore justified ". The request for advice is submitted to that based on Article 84, § 1, paragraph 1, 3 °, of the laws `on the Council of State ', coordinating top January 12, 1973, the legislation department limits its investigation into the law of the draft, to the authority of the stater of the deed and to complete the prior form requirements, according to Article 84, § 3, of the aforementioned coordinated laws. On these three points, the draft gives rise to subsequent comments. Meaning remark for the conditions for the grant of the subsidies and the support, as they are deemed to be regularly deemed in the chapters 3 to 7 of the draft decision, this means that measures that must or should have applied the subsidy and support applicants as a result of decisions of the National Security Council. The chapters 3 to 5 also declare the periods in which these measures had to be applied to grant the granting of the subsidies and support that are possible to make it possible. This gives the following general comments: 1Pursuant to Article 3 (1) of the Royal Decree of 28 January 2015 `establishing the National Security Council ', the Council determines the General Information and Security Policy, assures its coordination and determines the priorities of the Intelligence and Security Services". plays a decisive role in determining the measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-13. However, it must be established that the decisions made by the council naturally do not have a legally mandatory scope. Other decisions must be taken to determine the measures to limit the distribution of COVID-19 through provisions with compelling force. For example, as indicated, as indicated in the memorandum and in the Walloon government, various successive decisions of the Federal Minister of Security and Home Affairs were adopted and to "formalize" the measures taken by the National Safety Council. It is therefore recommended that the decision in the draft decree is specifically referred to the decisions of the National Security Council. DEBESTE SOLUTION would be previously referred to in this: a) in a generic way to the measures taken by the federal government to spread the Coronavirus Covid- 19 to limit; b) or, where it is useful or necessary for the understanding of the decision in design, accurately refer the mandatory federal provisions that the measures considered in the text will impose 2..2. whatever is the task of the government to make sure that there is no mistake whatsoever in mentioning the correct periods in which the Subsidy and support applicants The measures that were determined to be able to claim the benefit of the aforementioned subsidies and support should have to apply. In that respect it should be noted: a), as confirmed by the minister's Deputy, in chapters 4 and 5 (Articles 5 and 6) The date of 8 June 2020 replacement must be made by the date of 7 June 2020; b) or that there is uncertainty when it comes to the starting date of the period that must be considered for the application of Chapter5 ( Article 6): While the disposing part mentions the date of 14 March 2020, the Walloon Government is then again involved in the date of March 18, 20203.3. The draft decision serves to take into account these comments. Special commercial trees of a decision are the first provisions to be aimed at, provisions that the decision of a legal basis. Therefore, the decree of 17 `to the granting of special powers to the Walloon government must be intended for the Walloon Tourisms of the Tourisms of the Tourisms of the Tourisms of the Health Crisis. For tourism permanently charged with a new assignment. If the provision of this way is conceived, it would exceed the special powers, as assigned to the government in the Decree of 13 March 2020, to the extent that it would not limit itself to "[taking] all useful measures ( ...) to prevent and treat every situation that causes problems in the strict framework of the COVID-19 Pandemie and its consequences and that must be regulated on an impression of serious danger ", as stipulated in Article 1, § 1, of the The decree of 17 March 2020. DisinTie of the government, however, manifest is different. After all, according to the report to the Walloon Government, this provision "in the Walloon Tourism Code of confirming the authority of the Commisariaat-General for Tourism on the support of the operators in the tourism sector, in order to provide the assignments entrusted to him at this decision with a legal basis ". These new assignments, as regulated in chapters 3 to 7 of the draft decision,, however, are awarded to the government in the special powers of the Decree of 17 March 2020. The Walloon Tourism Code does not have to change this: on the one hand, the decision in design complies the authority of which there is a way to the Commisariat General for Tourism; On the other hand, as confirmed in the Walloon Government report, the new assignments are assigned to the Commission General for TourisMeeds in the context of the general assignment to implement the general government policy as with Article5.d, § 1, 1 °, of The Walloon Tourism Code entrusted to the said body must therefore be omitted. Item article 2. Provisional provision must be elaborated, only, the scope of the "Communication Plan determined with a view to the Relance of the sector following the sanitary crisis by COVID -19 "That is why it is better to summarize this provision, earlier in the Walloon Tourism Code, as an autonomous provision. In addition, to be accurately specified, who seems to be the plan that is established. to be applied without restricting, to resume the wording of Article 1, § 1, of the Decree of 17 March 2020, a situation that causes problems in the strict framework of the COVID-19 Pandemie and the consequences of it and Diegegegef be penalized of serious danger ". The elected words indicate an exceedance of the special powers, granted to the government in the decree of 17 March 2020. The determination must be revised in shape and content in order to remain within the limits of these powers. Ware form, this means that it should not seem to be aimed at the overall replacement of Article594.d, § 2, of the Walloon Tourism Code. Anyway i s it better to insert this provision, rather than them in the Walloon Tourism Code, as an autonomous determination.artikel4.1. In present provision, it is lacking in accuracy on various fundamental selections of the regulation that it provides. This is how this provision lacks an accurate determination and a sufficient framework of the conditions that can be met in order to be able to control these persons as covered with the capacity of "operators of" operators of "operators The tourist sector that usually organizes event -related activities with a regional tourist destination "and that they can claim them on the benefit of the subsidy considered in the text. For example, the concept of itself "operators of the tourism sector" is not described. With regard to the question of whether an event -bound activity has a "regional tourist destination", it is stated in sections 3, 3 °, a) that various criteria to be merged, but these criteria - "number of participants", "Financing amount per operator of the tourist Sector "," amount of the direct and indirect economic effects "and" the contribution to the development of the tourist image of Wallonia "are itself very vague. The condition contained in the "usually" organization of the activities stated in the text also suffers from a lack of precision. Department of legislation further further on that paragraph 5, by making the "size" of the "tourist impact without any precision" "Of the activity concerned against the criteria referred to in paragraph3, 3 °, a), insufficient indications of the rules to be observed with a view to determining the amount of the applicable subsidy.2. Section 2 and paragraph 3, 2 °, demand that the grant application has entered into commitments "in a contractual framework with third parties". The report to the Walloon Government contains in this regard: "That means that the co -consonant of the contract may not be part of the organizer of the organizer of the tourist sector. The wage expenditure for staff members, employed by the organizer of the tourist service through an employment contract, are not eligible, nor are the expenditure for a director of the organizer of an event ". If this is actually the intention of the outlets of the text , these must be revised. After all, the staff member or the director of an organization has, subject to other provision, a priori the capacity of third party opposite the latter.artikel7. The Walloon Tourism Code does not use the expression "guesthouse" that uses in paragraph 3, paragraph 3, 2 °, of the present provision. As confirmed by the delegate the minister, it is the intention of the texts of the text to aim thus to aim the regional tourism relocation provision under the use of one of the names of "Guest room" or "Guest room De Hoeve" stipulated in Article 1.d , 29 °, d) and e) of the Walloon Tourism Code. Preserving determination must be revised under the use of the terminology of the Walloon Tourism Code.ikel9. The legislation does not clearly see why the decision on the date of adoption should be resolved is therefore better to take the date of publication to consider the entry into force there of to determine. The Registrar, the president, Anne-Catherinevan Geersdaele Martine Baguet _____________e Notes2 The Department of Stipthier in particular, War concerns the sanitary measures imposed for the resumption of destruction, intended for Article 7 of the draft Decree that Article 1, § 3, of the Ministerial Decree of 23 March containing urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronaviruscovid-19 is applicable as replaced by the Ministerial Decree of 5 June 20203 The grade 82 included in the introductory sentence of Article 6, § 3, apparently forms part of the premises that 18 March 2020 should be taken into consideration.11 June 2020.- Decree of the Walloon Government of Special Powers No 47 concerning the support program operators in the tourism sector in the context of the health crisis COVID-19DE Waalsgeering, in view of the decree of 17 March 2020 to the granting of special powers to Dewaalse Government in the context of the Health Crisis COVID-19; Having regard to the Walloon Tourism Code; Given the advice of the Finance Inspectorate, given on 22 May 2020; In view of the approval of the Minister of Budget, given on 29 May 2020; Having regard to the report of 19 May 2020, drawn up in accordance with Article 3, 2 °, of the Decree of 11 April 2014 implementing of the Deresolutions of the Women's Conference of the United Nations which took place in Beijing in September 1995 to integrate the gender dimension into the whole of the regional policy lines; in view of the urgent necessity, motivated by the fact that the measures of the federal government limit the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 in particular the cancellation of all activities with a cultural, social, festive, folkloric, sporting, tourist and recreational character as well as the closure for the audience of the tourist operators with effect from March 14 ,2020; that the tourist operators whose activities were suspended or canceled are still made have costs for the maintenance of their infrastructure or with expenses that were taken before the measures taken by the federal government on 13 March 2020 to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19; That they are confronted with contract -entry -spores that lead to a lack of cash flow and liquidity; That the strikes of payments on the creditors of the tourist operators, and the side consequences thereof are impending, which could lead to economic -controlling situations; that the resumption of the activities of the tourism operators will necessarily require the implementation of sanitary measures; As consequently, urgent measures must be taken in favor of the tourist operators to support hunkeefability and therefore avoid a massive impact on the Walloon economy by a domino effect; that it is important to be able to pay such support and subsidies as quickly as possible and that the urgent necessity is therefore justified; in view of the advice 67.523/4 of the Council of State, given on 9 June 2020, in accordance with Article 84, § 1, first -line, 3 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on 12 January 1973; on the nomination of the Minister of Tourism; after deliberation, decision: Chapter I. -increase in the subsidization of the housing for tourism recognized by the Commissioner General for Tourism for the realization of the actions and campaigns for the promotion of tourism in HUNAMBTS STRAGE article 1. In the context of the recovery of the sector after the health crisis as a result of COVID-19, the subsidy percentage B amounts to Edoeld in Article 584.d of the Walloon Tourism Code with regard to the Houses for Tourism 100 % of the costs of the action or the campaign for the Promotive Man Het Tourism. The action or campaign referred to in paragraph 1 for the promotion of house Voorturism is part of Set up from the communication plan to breathe new life into the sector after the health crisis as a result of COVID-19.kapreuk II. - Subsidies for operators in the tourist sector who generally organize tourist events with a regional tourist destination, for the costs related to the organization of events with a regional tourist destination that were canceled between 14 March 2020 and 31 August 2020. 2. § 1. Inside the limits of the available budget loans, the Commissariaat-General for Tourish MetMoet comes in the spending of the operators of the tourist sector who usually organize tourist events with a regional tourist destination, for the events with a regional tourist destination that between March 14 2020 and 31 August 2020 were canceled as a result of the Maat-Regelendie The Federal Government to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19.§ 2. The subsidy referred to in paragraph 1 only relates to the legal designations, without an explicit possibility of cancellation, in a contractual framework with third parties before March 1, 2020, regardless of the actual date of payment. Neither the employees who have been employed by the tourism operator on the basis of an employment contract, nor the mandataries of the tourism operator are considered third parties within the meaning of this provision. § 3The subsidy referred to in paragraph1 is granted when: 1 ° the operator of the tourist sector -regulatory events with a regional tourist destination organizes; 2 ° the operator of the tourist sector before March 14, 2020 has already entered into legal obligations in a contractual Landermet third parties, for the in the in Section 1 intended activities; 3 ° the activity referred to in paragraph1 for which the subsidization is applied the tourism sector-- the amount of the direct and indirect economic impact;- the contribution to the development of the tourist image of Walloni; (b) the local, sporting, cultural, heritage-bound or environmental arakter is not decisive towards the regional tourism destination; (c) She had to take place between March 14, 2020 and 31 August 2020; §4. The Operator of the Tourist Sector submits a grant application that shows that the inaribraval 3 of this article is met. The operators of the tourism sector who have a subsidy application for the promotion of their events before March 14, 2020 for tourism with have submitted a regional tourist destination is exempt from the submission of the application referred to in the previous paragraph. § 5. The amount of the subsidy referred to in paragraph 1 corresponds to a fixed amount of 6,000 euros, 10,000 euros, 15,000 euros, 20,000 euros or 25,000 euros, depending on the scope of the tourist impact of the activity referred to to The criteria referred to in paragraph 3, 3 °, a), Vandit article. § 6. The Commissioner General for Tourism supervises compliance of the conditions referred to in this article. Within fifteen days of the notification of the principle decision to grant the subsidy referred to in § 1, the operator of the Tourist Sector Debij entended this decision, properly completed, completed debt claims declaration to the Commissioner General for Tourism. The claim declaration contains a description of the expenses intended in paragraph 2 of this article and all the evidence that demonstrate the recording of those expenses and the amount. The Commissariaat-General for Tourism is authorized to check whether the amount of the subsidy is not referred to Higher than the amount that the operator of the tourist sectorship -actual paid for the organization of the canceled activity. The operator of the tourism sector refers to the part of the subsidy that the amount actually paid for the organizational pan the canceled activity. Chapter III. -Support for the tourist attraction stuck by the Commissariat General for Tourism for the maintenance costs of their infrastructure times the period of compulsory closure for the public as a result of the measures of the federal government to limit the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19. 3. § 1. Inside the limits of the available budget credits, the Commissariaat-General for Tourism Support to the tourist sights referred to in Article 1.d, 5 ° of the Walloon Tourism Code, which under Articles 110.d and following of the Walloon Tourism Code on The date of entry into force of this Decree is admitted, for the maintenance costs of their infrastructure in the period in which side is obliged to the public as a result of the measures of the federal government to limit the distribution of the COVID-19 Coronavirus. § 2. The destroy in paragraph 1 is granted when: 1 ° the tourist point of view is permitted under articles 110.d. and following of the Walloon Tourism Code on the date of entry into force of this Decree; 2 ° the tourist attraction submitted a support for a support from which it appears that the condition meant in § 2, 1 ° of this article has been met. § 3. The amount of the aforementioned support is calculated in accordance with the formula "PT X EI X JF" where: 1 ° PT agrees with the day average of the number of visits over the calendar year 2019, and represents the tourist weight of the tourist sight. The day average is obtained by dividing the total number of visits over the calendar year 2019 by 365The number of visits to the calendar year 2019 is determined with reference to the information communicated to the tourist sights to the Commissariaat General for Tourism for the year 2019, for the implementation of Article 131.11 °, of the Walloon Tourism Code; 2 ° EI corresponds to € 1.25, considered to be the price of the paying entry ticket that the maintenance costs of the infrastructure tekt; 3 ° JF corresponds to the number of calendar days of mandatory closure of the tourist certificate, with a maximum of 86.The amount of the support referred to in paragraph 1 Magniet lower than 1,000 € and not higher than € 200,000 per tourist sight. - Support for the Social Tourism Associations, recognized by the Commissioner General for Tourism, for maintenance costs for their infrastructures for tourist accommodation from March 2020 to 7 June 2020arts. 4. § 1. Within the limits of the available budget credit known, the Commissariaat-General for tourism supports the associations for social tourism in Article 1, 48 °, ° of the Walloon Tourism Code, which pursuant to Article 313.d of the Walloon Tourism Code of the book Date of entry into force of this Decree are recognized for the maintenance costs of their infrastructure for tourist accommodation during the period from March 18, 2020 to 7 June 2020, where this accommodation provides for the public as a result of the measures of the Federal Government to spread the distribution of Limit the Coronavirus Covid-19. §2. The support referred to in paragraph 1 is granted when: 1 ° the Association for Social Tourism Medeld in Article 1, 48 °, of the Walloon Tourism Code on the date of entry into force of this decision -recognizable is under Article 313.d of the Walloon Tourism Code; 2 ° the Association for Social Tourism has submitted a support for support that shows that the condition referred to in § 2.1 ° of this article has been met. § 3. The amount of the support 1 referred to in paragraph 1 is fixed in accordance with the formula "Ca X EH X 82" where: 1 ° Ca corresponds to the maximum daily reception capacity to the number of beds of the joint tourist accommodation provisions by an association for social tourism; 2; 2; ° eh corresponds to € 1.25, considered the fixed part of the price of each paying overnight stay to cover the maintenance costs of the infrastructure of the tourist accommodation provisions managed by an association for social tourism. Chapter V. - Support for some tourist institutions, tourist accommodation provisions and tourist sights authorized or recognized by the Commissariaat General for Tourism Property The costs concerning the introduction of the sanitary measurement measurement measurement measured for the resumption of the activities. 5. § 1. Within the limits of the available budget credits, the Commissariaat-General for Tourism is met on the costs for introducing the sanitary measures by the federal government imposed for the resumption of the activities, in favor: 1 ° of the tourist accommodation references intended In Article 1, 28 °, of the Walloon Tourism Code, Diegemachtd are under Articles 202.d and following of the Walloon Tourism Code; 2 ° De Subslieingen for Social Tourism referred to in Article 1, 48 °, of the Walloon Tourism Code that recognition under Article 313. D of the Walloon Tourism Code; 3 ° the tourist sights intended in Article 1.d, 5 °, of the Walloon Tourism Code, which are authorized under Articles 110. The following of the Walloon Tourism Code. § 2. The support referred to in paragraph 1 is granted when: 1 ° the operator of the tourism sector referred to in paragraph 1, 1 ° to3 °, of this article is recognized or authorized by the Commissariaat General in accordance with the provisions of the Walloon Tourism Code referred to in Section 1, and this both on the date of entry into force of Vandit decides and on the date of liquidation of the support; 2 ° the operator of the tourism sector referred to in paragraph 2, 1 °, of this article on the date of the submission of the application intended in paragraph 2, 3 °, of this article commits the sanitary measures imposed by defederal government , to be observed; 3 ° the operator of the tourism sector referred to in paragraph2, 1 °, of this article has submitted a request for support that shows that the conditions referred to in § 2, 1 ° and 2 ° of this article have been met. If the tourist accommodation coverage in paragraph 1, 1 °, of this article is not authorized on the date of liquidation of the support, it must submit a new full authorization application at the latest on that date. § 3The support amount referred to in paragraph 1 corresponds to a fixed amount set per category or subcategory operators of the tourism sector. For the subcategories of operators of the tourism sector, that amount is determined to take into account their tourist weight or the maximum reception capacity. These amounts are determined as follows: € 1 ° € 600 per leaseholder, namely tourist accommodation in the countryside, stay on the farm, holiday homes in the city and furnished holiday homes; 2 ° 300 € for the joint guest rooms or guest rooms on the farm, located at the same operating location; 3 ° for the campsites: (a) 1,000 € per campsite; (b) 5 € per location; 4 ° for the hotel intensions: (A) 1,000 € per hotel design; (b) 10 € per room; 5 ° for the holiday villages: (a) 1,000 € per holiday village; (b) 10 € per unit of residence; 6 ° for the accommodations managed by the associations for social tourism: (a) 1,000 € per association for social tourism; (b) € 10 per bed for the joint accommodation provisions per association for social tourism; 7 ° for the tourist sights: (a) 1,000 € per tourist health care; (b) 0.20 € per expected visitor for the remaining tourist period of the year 2020, calculated on the basis of the day average of the number of visits over the year2019 multiplied by the number of days contained between the opening date, authorized by the federal government, namely 18 May 2020, 8 June 2020 or 1 July 2020, and 30 November 2020 included. The day average obtained by dividing the total number of visits over the calendar year 2019 by 365. The number of visits on the 2019 calendar year is determined with reference to the information that the tourist assets have communicated to the Commissioner General for Tourism for the year 2019, for execution of article, 131, 11 °, of the Walloon Tourism Code. § 4. The Commissioner General for Tourism supervises compliance with the conditions referred to in this article. The Commissariaat-General for Tourism is authorized to ensure that the aid amount referred to in paragraph 1 is the amount of the actual expenditure of the operators in The tourism sector referred to in paragraph1, 1 ° to 3 °, does not exceed this article to implement the sanitary measures, imposed by the federal government and necessary for the resumption of activities. The operator in the tourism sector refers to the part of the support that the amount of the actual expenses intended in paragraph 3 goes beyond. - Further rules for submitting the subsidy and support applications in the chapters 2 to 5 arts. 6. the application for the grant of the subsidies and the support referred to in chapters 2 to 5 of this Decree is submitted: 1 ° via the online form that can be filled in on the website of the Commissariat-General Voorturism; 2 ° via a certified electronic shipment of the form that corresponds to the subsidy or the support as requested, properly completed, to the e-mail address mentioned therein. . The message of receipt of electronic writing and appendices there as certification and proof of their receipt. The date of sending the e-mail money as the date of submission of the application. Only the applications submitted by 30 June 2020 at the latest. Chapter VII. - Final and transitional provisions art. 7. This decision -reaching the day after adoption of it.Art. 8. The minister is responsible for tourism is taxed with the implementation of this decision. Names, 11 June 2020. The Prime Minister, etc. Rupode Minister of Civil Service, Informatics, Administrative Simplification, tax with child benefit, tourism, heritage and road safety, v. The buePublication: 2020-06-23Numac: 2020041828 Flemish government12 June 2020.-Decree of the Flemish Government to implement the decree of 29 May 2020 to organization of the reporting obligation and the contact investigation in the context of COVID-19rechts-ground decis decree is based on: -Te Decree of 29 May 2020 organizing the reporting obligations The contact investigation in the context of COVID-19, Article 3, first, second and fifth paragraph, Article 4, Article 5, § 5, Article 6, second paragraph. Formal requirements are filled:- The advice of the Council of State was, in application of Article 3, §1, of the laws on the Council of State, co -rdinated on January 12, 1973, not sought. The urgent essence is reasoned from the determination that the decree, which provides the present decision implementation, was approved by the Flemish Parliament via an emergency procedure on 20 May 2020 and also motivated from the need to be able to quickly detect the risk -bearing contact with a Covid -19 infected or presumably infected person to prevent further distribution of COVID-19 and a possible new peak of COVID-19 Patiыnten;-The Flemish Supervision Committee for the processing of personal data has Advies no. 2020/17, given on 8 June2020. Initiativedemerit Decree proposed by the Flemish Minister for Welfare, Public Health, Family and Poverty Reduction, after deliberation, the Flemish Government Decree: Article 1. This Decree means: 1а Agency: the Internal Self -Occupational Agency for Care and Health, established in the decision of the Flemish Government of 7 May 2004 establishing the Inte RN independent agency "Care and Health"; 2а contact center: the contact center stated in Article 3, first paragraph, of the Decree of 29 May 2020; 3а database: the database stated in Article 1 of the Royal Decree No 18 of 4 May 2020 establishing a database at Sciensano in the context of the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19; 4а Decree of 29 May 2020: the decree of 29 May 2020 to organization of the reporting obligations the contact investigation in the context of COVID-19; 5а Partnership: The partnership of external partners, stated in Article 3, first paragraph, of the Decree of 29 May 2020. Art.2. The contact center is responsible for assignments of investigations and guidance as stated in Article 3, first paragraph, 1а to 4а, of the Decree of 29 May 2020. The partnership is indicated, applying the law of 17 June 2016 on public contracts and with Application of the implementing decisions of that law. The contact center is composed of: 1аcall center employees; 2а call center supervisors; 3а field agents; 4аfield agent supervisors. The agency records the function descriptions of the category of staff of the contact center, listed in point 1а to and and and With 4а. Art. 3. The agency is the controller for the personal data, within the meaning of Article 4, 7), of the General Data Protection Regulation. The agency concludes a processing agreement Methet partnership in accordance with Article 28 (3) of the General Data Protection Regulation.art.4. § 1. The substantive report stated in Article 3, paragraph 5, of the Decree of 29 May2020 contains a summary of a maximum of thirty pages and contains the necessary information to enable the agency in addition to the data stated in the second member Activities of the partnerships to evaluate the contact centerThe substantive report includes: 1а An overview of the Call Agents and Field Agents that are engaged per day by the contact center, expressed in VTE; 2а an overview of the number of people contacted by the Call Agents, split into the number of newly contacted persons and people the number of people who are re -contacted; 3а an overview of the number of visits that were made per day by the field agents, split into newly visited persons and persons who are visited again; 4а an overview of the number of people who were effectively contacted by the Call Agents per day for the number Contact persons; 5а an overview of the number of people who were effectively visited by the Field Agents per day compared to the provided number of Visits Persons; 6а An overview of the number of people who have been contacted by the Call Agents who have had more than щщn contact, split into per number of contacts 7а an overview of the number of people who were visited by the Fields Agents who have had more than щщn contact split into per number of contacts; 8а An overview of the bottlenecks that confronted the contact center. to solve bottlenecks, and also an overview of the good practical examples when executing the assignment. § 2. The finance report includes: 1а The state of receipt expenses on a monthly basis, grouped per cost and income type and split per organization and activity; 2а per organization a list of the number of employees of the contact center, subdivided to function, average employment time and gross annual wage; 3а a numberer list of the costs and revenues, with a reference to the beneficiary, the amount, a descriptions arranged per cost or revenue type. § 3. The substantive report, stated in paragraph 1, and the financial report, stated in paragraph 2, are delivered every three -month by the partnership the agency. Contrary to the first paragraph, when the assignment is expired, the substantive report, stated in paragraph 1, and the financial report, stated in paragraph2, stated in paragraph2 no later than three months after the execution of the joint venture to the Agentschap delivery. The agency Delivers the substantive report, stated in paragraph 1, and the Finiыleverslag, mentioned in paragraph 2, to the Flemish government. Art. 5. The partnership takes the following organizational and technical security measures for the processing of personal data through the contact center that they set up: 1а the employees of the contact center have signed a confidentiality statement, in which they are informed that they are obliged to be professional secrecy. This confidentiality statement states the obligations that the employee are to meet, and also the possible sanctions they can suffer in the event of non-compliance with professional secrecy; 2а in the event of data exchange, determining the technical and organizational measurement of the personal data that must be taken, with the Definiыring and execution of new processing of personal data or in adjustments to the existing processing consultations Consultation, a safety team, which is at least composed of the Protection of Data Protection of all external partners of the partnership and the Data Protection Officer of the Agency; 3а the Technical and Organizational Measures are taken to protect the personal data by an internal or external audit team; 4аhet contact center gives to every person who contacts or visits them, insofar as they are not yet over the informa Tie has, the information provided for in the General Data Protection Regulation ISOVE the processing of their personal data and informs them about where they can find that information.art. 6. The report as stated in Article 44, § 3, of the Decree of 21 November 2003, of COVID-19 must be done within twenty-four hours of the first realistic clinical, epidemiological or laboratory technical suspicions. The report to the database is made on a secure electronic way with due observance of the requirements for the exchange of health data. DebeclegevoDronically means that the report is done via a geыncrypted message or via a secured web application, which is made available to the Personal Die to the notification obligation by the competent authorityThe personal data stated in Article 5, §2, § 3, first paragraph, and § 4, first paragraph, of the Decree of 29 May 2020, can also be processed for statistical or policy support purposes insofar as those personal data is anonymous.7. This decision has effect from 11 May 2020. Art.8. Devlamic minister, competent for health and residential care, is responsible for implementing this decision. Brussels, 12 June 2020. The Prime Minister of the Flemish Government, j.Jambondevlamic Minister of Welfare, Public Health, Family and Poverty Reduction, W.BeveragePublication: 2020-06-25Numac: 2020041830federal Public Service Employment, Labor and Social Consultation22 June 2020.-Royal Decree on various temporary measures in the unemployment regulations because of the COVID-19 virus and amending Articles 12 and 16 of the Royal Decree of 30 March 2020 amend the procedures in the context of temporary unemployment because of the COVID-19 virus and amending Article 10 of the Royal Decree of 6 May 2019 amending Articles 27, 51, 52bis, 58, 58/3 and 63 of the Royal Decree of 25 November 1991 containing the unemployment regulations and the insertion of Articles 36Sexies, 63bis and 124bis in the same decision report on the Koningsire, the draft decision that I have the honor to sign to Uwe Majesteit to the aim of providing deviations on the Royal Decree of 25 November 1991 on the unemployment regulations for the sake of The COVID-19-Virus. Information on (1) The Royal Decree of 30 March 2020 Adjusting the procedures in the Lady Temporary Unemployment Feature because of the COVID-19 Virus and amending Article 10 of the Royal Decree of 6 May 2019 Changing Articles 27, 51, 52bis, 58, 58/3 and 63 of the Royal Decree of 25 November 1991 containing the unemployment regulations and insertion of Articles36Sexies, 63bis and 124bis in the same decision and (2) the Royal Decree of 23 April 2020 until the conditions of the conditions under which the unemployed, whether or not with operating allowance, may be employed in vital sectors and to temporarily freeze the degressivity of the full -unemployment benefits, a new series of measures are taken to make the regulations by making the regulations less complex and automation of the work processes, a quick payment of the beneficiaries to be able to be able to use the benefits of the temporary unemployed to make the impact of the health measures to neutralize the COVID-19 virus for the full unemployed as much as possible. These measures are included in Articles 1, 2, 3, 4 and 6 of the draft decision. setting rules regarding the cumulation of benefits with additional activities or income, an extension of the period within which an unemployed person can perform an independent activity with a view to an establishment as an independent and an extension of the reference period within which the unemployed ten At least 180 activity hours in the framework of a local employment agency must be exempt from certain reimbursability conditions. The draft decision also provides for the temporary introduction of one-option for the payment institution to, under certain conditions, the simplified declaration form C3.2 employee-Corona, such as Inge by Article 12 of the Royal Decree of 30 March 2020, to be submitted electronically to the RVA. In Article 5 of the draft decision, for the period up to and including 31 December 2020, a written procedure for communicating the defenses to the Unemployment agency by the employee to whom a decision can possibly be imposed on the right to benefits. This procedure temporarily replaces the existing procedure of the employee calling the employee for a personal maintenance, which now includes the optional defense of a written defense. It is provided with this different regulation top 31 December 2020 and proportional because the forced closure of the offices of the RVA is provided A backlog has arisen in the treatment of the interrogations during the three past months. This backlog cannot be overtaken in the traditional way, since there are clear signals showing that the measures against the spread of the COVID-19 virus will be maintained for a long time. The strict hygiene measures and a limited capacity on the waiting rooms and suitable interrogations will have a significant delaying effect on the normal course of the interrogations. Due to an expected increase in full unemployment due to important impact of the crisis on economic activity and employment, and the expiry of, and the expiry of The measures on simplifying the reports for the temporary unemployed must also be taken into account with an increase in the number of persons to be invitedIn order to cope with this situation, in order not to avoid strictly necessary personal contacts and, in particular, not to leave the unemployed for longer than necessary in the dark about the outcome of a dispute, it is proportional for six months to introduce a written procedure proportional The circumstances as a result of the COVID-19-Virus. Inform the advice 67.582 of 16 June2018 of the Council of State, the RVA will take into account the fact that the unemployed partial depends on this written procedure for assessing the deadlines for assessing the periods The functioning of the postal services can be, and that the result of a demand for defermentals may have to be considered a situation of force majeure as a result. through Article 4 of this Royal Decree, the temporary unemployed person, A Ners then intended, measurement of 1 February 2020, and not with effect from 1 March 2020, was exempt from the use of a control card. The ratio is lacking for the temporary unemployed use of a control card for the month of February 2020 for retroactive effect. legis, since this had already expired, the control cards had already been submitted to the payment institutions. The payment of the benefits had already been made based on that. In addition, such a measure would not be coherent with Articles 11 and 13 of the Royal Decree of 30 March 2020, which the employer only exempt from the issue of an audit card to the Werknemernen. The registration thereof in a validation book. This rectification shall be damaged in his rights, since he had to behave on the OP on the month of February 2020. that moment still existing obligation to use a continuous Ralkaart. The benefits is no longer identical to this at the time of verifying the payment. I have the honor to be, Sire, Van Your Majesty, this respectful and very faithful servant, the Minister of Work, n. Muylleraad van State department Legislation Advice 67,582/1 of 16 June 2020 on a draft decree on various temporary measures in the unemployment regulations Omwillevan the COVID-19 virus and amending Articles 12 and 16 of the Royal Decree of 30 March2020 to adjust the procedures in the context of temporary unemployment because of the COVID-19 viruses amending Article 10 of the Royal Decree of 6 May 2019 amending Articles27, 51, 52BIS, 58, 58/3 and 63 of the Royal Decree of November 25, 1991 on the unemployment regulations for the insertion of Articles 36Sexies, 63bis and 124bis in the same decision 'On 9 June 2020, the Council of State, legislation department, was requested by the Minister of Work within a period of five working days to provide advice on a draft of Royal Decree `concerning diverse -time measures in the unemployment regulations because of the CO VID-19 virus and to change Articles 12 and 16 of the Royal Decree of 30 March 2020 to amend the procedures in the framework of temporary unemployment because of the COVID-19 virus and amending Article10 of the Royal Decree of 6 May 2019 amending Articles 27, 51, 52bis, 58.58/3 and 63 of the Royal Decree of 25 November 1991 containing the unemployment regulations and total of Articles 36Sexies, 63bis and 124bis in the same decision. Chamber investigated on 11 June 2020. The room was composed of Marnix van Damme, Chamber President, Wilfried van Vaerenbergh and Wouter Pas, State Councils, Michel Tison and Johan Put, Assessors, and Wim Gevenier. The report was published by Brecht Steen, first Auditor-department head. The sewage between the French and the Dutch text of the advice was checked under the supervision of Wilfried van Vaerenbergh, State Council. The advice, the text of which follows below, is given on June 16, 2020. 1. According to Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, the Reasons for Advice must be requested are specified by the emergency room of itIn the present case, the request sum of emergency treatment is reasoned as follows: "In view of the large number of benefit applications for the health measures due to the COVID-19 virus; that the reason and to guarantee a quick payment of the benefits is necessary temporary distance from some regulations regarding the cumulation of benefits with the exercise of an activity or with the receipt of a different income, since they make applying for the dowations more complex; wish to establish a temporary retention of benefits if independent or who carry out activities for a local employment agency in the light of the impossibility of the limiting measures still to exercise the activities they intended; that also, and with respect for the rights of the defense , must be VO Orzien in a measure to guarantee the continuity of the operation of the National Employment Service in the field of making decisions for denial, exclusion or suspension of the right to benefits, now that the existing procedure is pursuant to restricted measures that are non-essential movements or personal contact passages to avoid, can no longer be complied with or no longer designated; that now -it -all measures to submit the submission of benefit applications as a temporary unemployed person are development and that the entry into force of all measures as referred to by the Minister is displayed in the Royal Decree of 30 March 2020 Adjusting the procedures in the framework of temporary unemployment because of the COVID-19 virus and amending Article10 of the Royal Decree of 6 May 2019 amending Articles 27, 51, 52bis, 58, 58/3 EN63 of the Royal Decree of 25 November 1991 on the unemployment regulations and to the insertion of Articles 36Sexies, 63bis and 124bis in the same decision; that taking these measures is penetrating in order to offer the unemployed people concerned the necessary legal certainty; "2. In accordance with article 84, § 3, first paragraph, of the laws on the Council of State, the Legislation Division has had to limit itself to the investigation of the authority of the stater of the action, of the Legalyard Ealalsmede of whether the prescribed formal requirements have been met . Speaking and legal basis of the design3. The Public Prosecution Service of Royal Decree on the Public Prosecution Service aims to take new -time measures with regard to unemployment regulations, mainly in the temporary unemployment. These measures relate to the conditions for the allocation, the amount and application for unemployment benefits, and are taken in deviation from the relevant provisions of the Royal Decree of 25 November 1991 'containing the unemployment regulations' (hereinafter: unemployment decree). In addition, the draft aim to make changes to the Royal Decree of 30 March 2020 `to amend the procedures in the context of temporary unemployment due to the COVID-19 virus and amending Article 10 of the Royal Decree of 6 May 2019 amending Articles 27, 51, 52bis, 58.58/3 and 63 of the Royal Decree of 25 November 1991 containing the unemployment regulations and to insert articles36sexies, 63bis, and 124bis in the same decision ', in which temporary temporary unemployment measures have already been introduced.4. Legal basis for the draft is offered by Article 7, § 1, third paragraph, i), § 1Septies, § 1Ocs and § 2, of the Decree Act of28 December 1944 `concerning the social security of the workers', which is referred to in the first paragraph of the first paragraph of The preamble of the decision to be taken of the Tekstartikel55. Article 5 of the draft provides for a different regulation for the interrogation that is settled in Article 144 of the Unemployment Decree. That interrogation is replaced by a written procedure, insofar as the letter is sent to that end in the period from the entry into force of Hete Make Decree up to and including 31 December 2020.5.1. Insofar as it must be assumed that the designed deviating regulation is intended to compensate for the consequences of the measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVD-19, that deviating regulation in which the optional interrogation is temporarily suspended and replaced and replaced Due to a mandatory procedure, it is brought into the light of the principle of equality.For example, the question arises as to whether the duration of the period in which the different arrangement applies, up to and including 31 December 2020, is proportional, and whether rather for a temporal application must be opted for that closes more closely with the actual duration of the need for a different arrangement. 5.2. Article 5, third paragraph, of the draft stipulates that the request for deferment (of the date on which the defense must be delivered at the latest), unless force majeure, must be on the unemployment agency "to be stated at the latest the day prior to the date laid down in the letter" Taking into account that it is whether or not to comply with that condition not only depends on the careful action of the unemployed itself, but also on the way in which the postal services are organized, and co -lit in the relatively short term used in the designed scheme, The question arises as to whether NOTBETER is provided for in a scheme whereby the late delivery of the request for deferment that is mainly due to the organization of postal services does not result in the demand for postponement being exhausted, unless such a situation as a case of "force majeure would be considered in the sense of the designed provision. Articles 7 and 86. The designed Article 16, second and paragraphs, of the Royal Decree of 30 March 2020 (Article 7 of the draft), in combination with article 8, sixth paragraph of the draft, aims at the temporal application of Article 4 of that Decree, which initially applied in the period from 1 February to 30 June 2020, with retroactive effect in Verdagentot 1 March 2020. Article 4 of that Decree concerned a temporary exemption from the obligations in the possession and use of the control card referred to in Article 71 of the Unemployment Decree. Temporary unemployed imposed on a obligation for which they were initially exempt, which amounts to the retroactive extraction of a certain benefit. Relocative effect of regulatory provisions is only acceptable case for retroactivity a legal authorization exists, the retroactivity relates to a scheme that is in compliance with the principle of equality advantages grants or to that extent D The retroactivity is necessary for the proper functioning of the services and through it, in principle, there are no obtained situations. in any case not in one of the cases where retroactive force can be faltered. There must therefore be apart from the retroactive effect of the designed decision, in the Mateze relate to changing the temporal scope of Article 4 of the Royal Decree of 30 March 2020. de Registrar, Wim Gevente Chairman, Marnixvan Damme22 June 2020.-Royal Decree on various temporary measures in the unemployment regulations because of the COVID-19 virus and to amend the articles 12 and 16 of the Royal Decree of March 30, 2020 to adjustment of the procedures in the temporary W. Primary due to the COVID-19 virus and amending Article 10 of the Royal Decree of 6 May 2019 amending Articles 27, 51, 52bis, 58, 58/3 and 63 of the Royal Decree of 25 November 1991 containing unemployment regulations and to the insertion of Articles 36Sexies, 63bis and 124bis in the same decision -making film, King of the Belgians, to all who are now and will hereinafter refer to our regards to the Decree Act of 28 December1944 on the social security of the workers, Article 7, § 1 , third paragraph, I, replaced by the law of 14 February 1961, § 1septies, inserted by law of 25 April 2014, § 1Ocs, inserted by law of 25 April 2014, and § 2, last amended by the law of 8 April 2003; Entitled to the Royal Decree of 25 November 1991 containing the unemployment regulations; in view of the Royal Decree of 30 March 2020, adapting the procedures in the context of temporary unemployment because of the COVID-19 virus and to Wi Jerment of Article 10 of the Royal Decree of 6 May 2019 amending Articles 27, 51, 52bis, 58, 58/3 and 63 of the Royal Decree of 25 November 1991 containing the unemployment regulations and to insert articles 36sexies, 63bis and 124bis in the same decision; Having regard to the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on May 8, 2020; Having regard to the approval of the Minister of Budget, given on 29 May2020; Having regard to the law of 25 April 1963 on the management of the Public Nut Institutions for social security and social precaution, Article 15; Having regard to advice 67582/1 van deraad van State, given on 16 June 2020, in application of Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973; in view of the urgency; the large number of benefit applications as temporary unemployed because of the health measures omwillevan the COVID-19 virus; that for that reason and for a rapid payment of the benefits of texting, it is necessary to temporarily give up some regulations regarding the cumulation bonus benefits with the exercise of exercising an additional activity or with the receipt of a different income, since they make applying for benefits more complex; that must also be taken to take the rights of the unemployed who are temporarily maintaining the benefit as self -employed or activities to indemnify for a local employment agency, in the light of the impossibility of the restrictive measures the intended activities that they intend to perform; that also, and with respect for the rights of the defense, must be provided for a measure to guarantee the continuity of the National Employment Service for Employment Services in the field of making decisions for denial , exclusion or suspension of the right to benefits, now that the existing procedure for this purpose under limited measures that attempt to avoid non-asset locations or personal contacts can no longer be complied with or has not been rejected; to facilitate in development and that not for all measures the entry into force as Coherent referred to by the Minister has been shown in the Royal Decree of 30 March 2020 to adopt the procedures in the context of temporary unemployment due to the COVID-19 viruses to amend article 10 of the Koninkl decree of 6 May 2019 amending Articles27, 51, 52BIS, 58, 58/3 and 63 of the Royal Decree of 25 November 1991 containing the unemployment regulations to insert Articles 36Sexies, 63bis and 124bis in the same decision; Taking these measures is urgent in order to offer the unemployed people concerned the necessary legal certainty; on the nomination of the Minister of Work, we have decided and we decide: Article1. Contrary to Article 44 of the Royal Decree of 25 November 1991 containing the unemployment regulations, the temporary unemployed person for the period from 1 February 2020 to 30 June 2020, without compliance with the conditions of Article 48, § 1, of the same Royal Decree, while maintaining the right to benefits an activity in addition, insofar as he already carried out this additional activity in the course of the three months, calculated from date to date, the first day on which he temporarily temporarily under the COVID-19 virus was set unemployed.art.2. The period of twelve months referred to in Article 48, § 1bis, first paragraph, of the same Royal Decree, does not run during the period from 1 April 2020 to 30 June 2020.Art. 3. For the application of Article 79, § 4bis, of the same Royal Decree, for the reference peripheral, six calendar months before the month from which the exemption is requested, will not be taken into account with the months of March 2020, April 2020, May 2020 and June 2020.Art. 4. Contrary to Article130, § 2, of the same Royal Decree, for the period from 1 February 2020 to 30 June 2020, the daily amount of the benefit as a temporary unemployed person of the unemployed person referred to in Article130, § 1, is not reduced . 5. Contrary to Article 144 of the same Royal Decree, the interrogation as provided for in this article is replaced by a written procedure, insofar as the letter referred to in the following paragraph is sent in the period from the date of the publication of this decision up to and including 31 December 2020. The director sends a letter with facts on the basis of which the decision is taken to the employee and invites the employee to deliver his reversal, at the latest on a date that was situated at the tenth day after the issue of the letter in post. The employee can ask that this date is postponed to the date that cannot be further than fifteen days after the date laid down in the letter. The question must be postponed at the latest on the unemployment agency the day before the date laid down in the letter. The postponement will only be granted, except in the event of force majeure. The director does not send a letter to the Werkemernie via, the director does not send a letter via His payment institution has stated in writing that he does not be heard in his defense requirement.Art. 6Article 12 of the Royal Decree of 30 March 2020 to adapt the procedures in the context of temporary unemployment because of the COVID-19 Viruses amending Article 10 of the Royal Decree of 6 May 2019 amending Articles27, 51, 52BIS , 58, 58/3 and 63 of the Royal Decree of 25 November 1991 containing the unemployment regulations for insertion of Articles 36Sexies, 63bis and 124bis in the same decision, is supplemented with the following members, who read as follows: "The in the first paragraph forms C3.2-employee-Coronaen C3.2 employer can be electronically delivered by the payment institution to the Central Board Vandeze National Service or to the competent Unemployment Agency. a benefit application signed by the unemployed or a benefit application on behalf of the unemployed ear. the form C3.2-employee-Corona has submitted by means of an electronic data file, holds the form C3.2-employee-Corona that contains the details of this file available to the National Service and provides this form within a by this by this determining a period, but no later than within a period of four months starting on the first day of the month following for which the dowations are requested, to the National Service. A payment is made without the accountability referring to the previous paragraph, is considered a one incorrectly, for which the payment institution bears the burden and which are reclaimed by the National Service at the payment institution. " 7. Article 16, second and third paragraph, of the same Royal Decree, are replaced as follows: "Articles 1, 3, 5, first paragraph, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 and 12, first paragraph, of this Decree are Only applicable to the application for, the procedure regarding the granting of the unemployment benefits that relate to the months of February to June 2020. Including the first paragraph are Articles 4, 5, second to fourth paragraph, 11 and 13 of this decision -being Applicable from 1 March 2020 to 30 June 2020. In deviation from the first -line member, the article 12, second to fifth paragraph, of this Decree applies from 1 February 2020. ". Art.8. The provisions of this Decree take effect as follows. The Articles1 and 4 come into effect on 1 February 2020 and only apply to the allocation of the unemployment benefits that relate to the months of February to June 2020.Artis2 has elaboration with Entrance from 1 April 2020. Article 3 has elaboration with effect from 1maart 2020. article 5 comes into effect the day on which this decision is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. The minister is responsible for work charged with the implementation of this decision in Brussels, 22 June 2020. Filipvan Koningsweight: the Minister of Work, n. MuyllePublication: 2020-06-24Numac: 2020041835brussels-Capital Region19 June 2020.-Decree of the Prime Minister of the Brussels-Capital Region on the organization of funerals in the context of the urgent measures to reduce the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 -President of the Brussels -Capital Region, giving the Convention to Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms, and in particular Article 5, § 1, e); In view of the explanation of the WHO about an international emergency situation in the public Health (pic) of January 30, 2020; Having regard to the law of 6 March 1818 to be expressed in relevant penalties against the offenders of general regulations or to be set by provincial or local regulations; Having regard to the Provinces Act of 30 April 1836, Article 128; in view of the ordinance of 29 November 2018 at the cemeteries and funeral delivery; in view of the prescription principle in the context of the management of an international health crisis; having regard to the ministerial decision of 13 March 2020 containing the proclamation of the federal phase concerned coordination and management of the Coronavirus COVID-19 crisis; Having regard to the ordinance of 19 March 2020 to award special powers to the Brussels-Capital Government in the Laudman The Health Crisis COVID-19, Article 2; the special POWS Decree of Debussel-Capital Government No. 2020/008 on the transport of deceased in the Lauderan The Health Crisis COVID-19; Having regard to the Ministerial Decree of 23 March 2020 holding measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-13, such as amended by the Ministerial Decree of 5 June 2020, in view of the decisions of n the National Security Council of 3 June 2020, to give up the remains. However, after the ceremony, it is not permitted to organize a reception or party of more than ten people "; whereas the precautionary principle, which means that when a serious and potential risk has been discovered with a certain degree of probability, the government urgent and preliminary protection measures must take the most suitable level; whereas the staff members of funeral directors are at a great risk at the exercise of their assignments because the social distancing measures are not possible; she the spreader ng of the virus in hand, so that it is so necessary to strictly regulate them in all forms they can assume; Conditions to guarantee and therefore guarantee the continuation of this necessary services, Decree: Article 1. The transport of the deceased may only be carried out by recognized funeral directors to a mourning room diezij. It is strictly forbidden to keep the deceased at home.Art. 2. the ISTOT 30 June 2020 allowed to a maximum of one hundred people to participate in the funeral of a deceased person, from the leaving of the funeral center to the burial or surprise. This maximum is brought two hundred people from 1 July 2020. For the application of This article should be considered as an absolute maximum, provided that the social distancing measures, both inside and outside, can be complied with. If the family or the rights of the goals are the wish to express a confessional or non-confessional ceremony Organizing, DebegrafningenKondeming will monitor this wish to meet this wish. To this end, it makes the necessary contacts with those responsible for the place of the ceremony, whether it is a place of prayer or one other, to ensure that the ceremony is in good conditions. Incidentally, it is recommended to limit the ceremonies in time, so that they can be organized for everyone under the conditions of this articles. For ceremonies and moments of reflection in a closed space, whether it is a place of prayer or another, and when it is impossible It appears that they are present at a maximum of one hundred people simultaneously (two hundred from July 1, 2020) with due observance of the social distancing measures, it is strongly recommended, in consultation with all the actors involved, both the families and the operators, to ensure that the participants can be present alternately.art.3The municipal authorities and the police services are charged with the enforcement of this decision.art.4. The Syndical Chamber of Funeral Directors of the Brussels -Capital Region is taxed with information and the good practices to distribute among all its members and, if requested, offer practical guidance.art. 5. Each funeral company ensures that the costs for organizing funerals are strictly limited to the actual insured service and without additional costs, taking into account the restrictions imposed by this decision. 6. Violations against this decision punished with the penalties stipulated in Article 1 of the Act of 6 March 1818, amended by the laws of 5 June 1934 and 14 June 1963 on the violations against the administrative regulations.art.7. The decision of the Prime Minister of the Brussels-Capital Region of 19 May 2020 concerned organization of funerals in the context of the urgent measures to limit the spread of the COVID-19 is withdrawn.Art. 8. This decision comes into effect on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette.Art. 9. The Prime Minister of the Brussels-Capital Region is charged with the implementation of this decision.Brussel, 19 June 2020. The Prime Minister of the Brussels-Capital Region, r. Vervoort_____notavoorentergeoning to: All mayors of the Brussels agglomeration that are burdened with this decision to display this decision without delay; all competent police services on the territory of the Brussels-Capital Region; Mr. Procurur-General and Mr. Deskonings; for information to: The Prime Minister, the the Prime Minister, the Prime Minister, the Federal Minister of Safety and Home Affairs, the Federal Minister of Health, the Minister of Purious for the local boards of the Brussels -Capital Region.Publication: 2020-06-25NUMAC: 2020041850 Community Community Committee of Brussels-Heads City 10 June 2020.-Special-Facility Decree No 2020/007 of the United College of the Community Commission on the granting of a temporary assignment to the Bicomautaire Department for Health, Assistance to Persons and Persons Family benefit in the context of the COVID-19 Health crisis report on the United Meeting of the common community committee The Special Female Decree no. 2020/007 meets a need for efficient management of the COVID-19 Health crisis. The Special Affairs Decree changes the ordinance of 23 March 2017 containing the establishment of the Bicommunautary Service for Health, Persons and Family Benefit at the following point: in the framework of the Prevention policy of the GGC and during the health crisis, Iriscare is responsible for the assignment to purchase protective material. Iriscare can also carry out the activities necessary for the exercise of this assignment. Under "Protective material" must be meant surgical masks, FFP2 and FFP3 masks, Nytril gloves, disposable and reusable aprons, overshoes and hair nets, fabric masks, hand gel.onderendie be necessary for the exercise of this assignment "should be in particular the search for suppliers, drawing up an order form, recording the required credits, receiving delivery, testing the supplied material, especially surgical and FFP2 masks , the handling of the applicants for the beneficiaries, deciding on the application, the distribution itself or via federations or via municipalities on the Brussels territory, participation in the regional working group, in the interfederal working group, ... as a decorating government within the meaning of The law of 17 June 2016 on public procurement can Iriscare, in the context of this time Assignment and in accordance with Articles 47 and 48 of this Act, make use of or participate in public procurement placed by other governments. The application of the Special Female Decree is limited in time, in accordance with consideration 5.2.4. of the advice 67.142/AVVan 25 March 2020 of the Council of State. The Decree will take place on December 31, 2020, date that was elected in the light of a possible second wave of the pandemic in the autumn of 2020. The specialty -position decision has a retroactive effect since Iriscare has already launched public tenders in the light of the pandemia .10 June2020. - Specialache Decree no. 2020/007 of the United College of the common community commission relevant the granting of a temporary assignment to the Bicommuna-Health service, social assistance to persons and family benefits within the framework of the COVID-19 Health crisishet united lecture, gelet the ordinance of 19 March2020 to grant special powers to the United College of the common Community Commission in the framework of the Health Crisis COVID-19, Article 2; Having regard to the ordinance of 23 March2017 containing the Bicommuna Health Service, Assistance to Assistance Persons and family benefits, in particular Article 4 and Article 7; Having regard to the agreement of the members of the United College competent for the budget, given on 10 June 2020; Having regard to advice No. 67429/3 of the Council of State, given on 27 May 2020 in application of Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, requested by urgency; COVID-19 on 11 March 2020 was labeled by the WHO as a pandemic; predominantly the National Security Council took measures to dike the distribution of the virus under the resilience; Advice from the group of experts charged with the exit strategy (Gees), has decided gradually, from 3 May, and if circumstances allow it to reduce a number of measures, but that the virus is still present on the territory and remains dangerous , Such as limiting the contracts between people, respecting safe distances and good hygienic reflexes, including the cover of mouth and nose in public space and on public transport in particular Therefore, it is necessary to have satisfactory medical material on the territory of Brussels-Capital; predominantly management of the needs and the purchase of medical material a centralization of this assignment within a single body on the territory of Brussels-Capital makes it predominant; Iriscare, the Bicomuna Health for Health, Assistance to Persons and Family Benefit, is designated for this purpose medical rial on the territory of Brussels-Capital; predominant on the basis of Article 2 of the ordinance of 19 March 2020 to grant special powers to the United College of the Community Commission in the context of the Health Crisiscovid-19, the United College is authorized to All necessary measures to take and treat situations that pose a problem within the strict framework of the COVID-19 Pandemaemen's consequences, and that must urgently be regulated on pain of serious danger; predominantly dated in the event of an urgent need for the United College can forgate The advice obligation contained in Article22, § 3, of the ordinance of 23 March 2017 containing the establishment of the Bicommunautaire Service for Health, assistance to persons and family benefits; -19 health crisis is not behind the back and urgent ma to safeguard care provisions, to protect the population to guarantee the public service; on the recommendation of the chairman of the United College, charged with the coordination of the United College policy; after deliberation, decision: Article 1. in the Ordinance of 23 March 2017 containing the establishment of the Bicommunautair Service for Health, Assistance to Persons and Family Benefit, an Article 5bis is inserted, reading follows: "Art. 5bis. - In the context of preventive health care as referred to in Article5, § 1, first paragraph, I., 8 °, of the special law of 8 August 1980, the service can purchase protective material as well as all activities required are for the exercise of this assignment .Art. 2. This Decree has elaboration with effect from 15 March, and will be out of operation on 31 December 2020.brussel, 10 June 2020. For the United College: the chairman of the United College, responsible for the coordination of the policy of the United College, r. Hurt