Publication: 2020-02-11Numac: 2020030083federal Public Service Finance 11 December 2019.- Royal Decree amending the KB/WIB 92, on the part of the withholding tax.-Ratum1 ° on page 115656, of the Belgian Official Gazette of 20 December 2019, No. 5.25 of Chapter V, Section 5, of the Annex III of the KB/WIB 92, the following changes made:- in c), the words "2,96 pCt." Replaced by the words "2.50 pCt.";-in d,) the words "28.69 pCt." replaced by the words "24.25 pCt.";- in e), becoming words "29 pCt." Replaced by the words "25 pCt.". 2 ° on page 115657, of the Belgian State Blad of 20 December 2019, in No. 5.27, B, of Chapter V, Section 7, of the aforementioned III, the words "29.58 pCt. " Replaced by the words "25.00 pCt.". 3 ° on page115657, of the Belgian Official Gazette of 20 December 2019, in No. 5.28, of Chapter V, Section8, of the aforementioned Annex III, the words "29, will be" 29, 58 pCt. " replaced by the words "25.00 pCt." And the words "12.75 pCt." replaced by the words "12.50 pCt.".Publication: 2020-04-03numac: 2020030433brussels-Capital Region26 March 2020.-Decision of the Brussels-Capital Government to implement Articles 24 to 26 of the Ordinance of 21 December 2012 establishing the tax procedure in the Brussels Capital Regional Brussels Capital Government, in view of the ordinance of 21 December 2012 establishing the tax procedure in the Brussels -Capital Region, Article 24, First and second paragraph, amended by the ordinance of 7 December 2017, and Articles25 and 26, third to fifth paragraphs , amended by the ordinances of 18 December 2015 and 7 December2017; Having been carried out on the Equal Cancel's Test performed on 19 December 2019 in accordance with Article 2 of the Ordinance of 4 October 2018 to introduce the Equal Cancial Test; Having regard to the advisory number. 24/2020 of the Data Protection Authority, given on 13 March 2020; Having regard to Advies66.960/4 of the Council of State, given on 19 February 2020, in application of Article 84, §1, first paragraph, 2а, of the laws on the Council of State, co -rdinated on January 12, 1973; Considering the Advice No. 005/2019 of the Brussels Control Committee, given on 14 June 2019; on the proposal of the minister charged with Finiыn, after deliberation, decision: Article1. - Definitions For the application of this Decree: 1а GOBF: the regional government service Brussels Taxation; 2а Ordonnance: the ordinance of 21 December 2012 adopted the tax procedure in the Brussels -Capital Region: the notice referred to in Article 24 of the ordinance; 4а Notification: The notification intended in Article 25 of the ordinance; 5а Information: The information referred to in Article 26 of the Ordinance; 6а Technical receipt notification: the technical receipt of the electronic affordable delivered by the application of a partner to the application of the following partner in the chain of the electronic communication of groceries; 7а Functional receipt of the message: the functional receipt of the electronic message, delivered by the GOBF; 8а functional receipt of the notification: the functional receipt of the electronic notification delivered by the Royal Federation of the Belgian notarial profession; 9а Functional reception notification of the information: the functional receipt of the electronic information delivered by the Gobf.art. 2. - Assigned official referred to in Articles 24, Primary member, 25, 26, third and fourth paragraph, of the ordinance, the accounting officer of receipts is taxed with tax matters. He is authorized to receive the message and the information and make the necessary notification. In the case of the absence of the accounting officer of receipts charged with tax matters, the authority referred to in the first paragraph is exercised by the deputy accounting officers in charge of tax matters. Art. 3. - The shipment of the message§1. The message must be sent: 1а by means of a procedure in which IT techniques are used; 2а by registered letter if the message cannot be communicated because of force majeure or technical restoration in accordance with the provision under 1а. If the message is sent in accordance with point 1а, The date of shipment of the message means the date of the functional receipt of the message.§ 2. If the message is sent to a registered letter, this message is decisive compared to the sending of the same use by means of a procedure where computer techniques are used when The date of the computer transmission differs compared to the date of the shipment by registered letter.§3The message contains the following information: 1а data of the sender: capacity, full address and company number; 2а file data: date, number of parties, number of goods, reference file, reference procedure; 3а mention of the owner, usufructuary, leaseholder or building holder: a) if) if It concerns a natural person the identification number referred to in Article 7 or, in the absence of such an identification number, the name and first names and the full address of the place of residence; b) if it concerns a legal person: the identification number referred to in Article 7 or, in the absence of a lack of decisive identification number, the name, legal form and the full address of the social security look; 4а description of the relevant goods: a) nature; b) full address; c) area; d) Cadastral data: either the number of the department, the number of the section and section and the number of the plot, or the unique reference number of the Land Registry; 5а description of the ship or vessel: a) Name and construction data: name, place of construction, date of construction; b) Description: Dimensions, engine; c) Registration number on the Belgian ship register; 6а Nature of the deed to be drawn up: Alienation, mortgage or mortgage statement at acquisition.art. 4. - the shipment of the notification§1. The notification must be sent on the following ways: 1а through a procedure in which computer techniques are used; or2 by a registered letter. If the notification has taken place in the manner stated in point 1а, the date of sending that notification is understood, the date of the functional receipt of the notification.§ 2. If the same notification is sent to a registered letter, is This notification is decisive in relation to the shipment of the same notification by means of a procedure in which computer techniques are used when the date of the computer transmission divert compared to the date of the shipment by registered letter.§ 3. The notification contains the following data: 1а data of the sender and the addressee; 2аreferte procedure; 3а reference file; 4а Intention of the debtor/ taxpayer: a) If it concerns a natural person: the identification number referred to in Article 7 or, in the absence of such an identification number, the name and first names and the full address of the place of residence; (b) If it concerns a legal person: the identification number referred to in Article 7 or, in the absence of a lack of identification number, the name, legal form and the full address of the Social Sea; 5а Introducing the debtor/solidarity person: a) if the person is one -natural person Subject: The name and first names, the full address of the place of residence and, in the occasional case, the identification number referred to in Article 7; b) If it concerns a legal person: the name, legal form, the full address of the social seat and, in occurring case, the identification number referred to in Article 7; 6а Executable Title; 7а amount of degewest taxes in Euro; 8а amount of interest and increases in Euro; 9аtotaal amount in Euro.art. 5. - The shipment of the information§ 1. The shipping of the information must be done: 1а or by means of a procedure in which IT techniques are used; 2а or by registered letter: a) If the Information Omwillevan force majeure or technical malfunction cannot be communicated in accordance with 1а; ofb) If the message was not sent by means of a procedure in which computer science techniques are used. A message is deemed to have been sent by means of a procedure in which IT techniques are used upon receipt of a technical receipt. If the information is sent is Agreement first paragraph, 1а, The date of shipment of the information means the date of the functional reception notification of the information .§ 2. If the information is sent to a registered letter, this information is decisive in relation to the sending of the same information by means of a procedure in which computer techniques are used When the date of the computer transmission changes compared to the date of the shipment by registered letter.§ 3The information contains the following information: 1а data from the sender and the addressee; 2аreferent procedure; 3а reference file; 4а nature of the deed from which the sums and values, held by the notary, arise: alienation, mortgage statement or mortgage statement; 5а Date of the deed from which the sums and values, arrested by the notary, arise; 6а Intention of the transferor or mortgage starter: a) If it concerns one -natural person: the identification number referred to in Article 7 or, in the absence of such identification number, the name and first names and the complete address of the place of residence; b) If it concerns a legal person: the identification number referred to in Article 7 or, in the absence of such a identification number, the name, legal form and the full address of the social seat; 7аhet or the good or goods susceptible to mortgage: a) Real estate:- Nature, Adreen Surface;- Cadastral data: either the number of the department, the number of the sections the number of the plot, or the unique reference number of the Land Registry; b) ship or vessel:- Name and building data: name, place of construction, date of construction; description: Dimensions, tonnage, motor; - registration number on the Belgian shipping register; 8аin case of alienation: a) Price of the alienationb) acquire- if it concerns a natural person: the identification number referred to in Article 7 or, in the absence of such identification number, the name and first names and the full address of the place of residence, if it concerns a legal person: the identification number referred to in Article 7 or, in the absence-of-point identification number, the name, legal form and the full address of the Social Sea; c) Amount held by the notary; 9а in case of mortgage statement: a) amount of the mortgage; b) person in favor of whom it was properly taxed with a mortgage: -If it is a natural person: the identification enummer referred to in Article 7 or, in the absence of such an identification number, the name and first names and the full address of the place of residence;-if it concerns a legal person: the identification number referred to in Article 7 or, in the absence of identification number, the name, the legal form and the full address of the social security look; c) amount held by the notary; 10а with regard to the registered creditors: a) Total amount of the sums owed to the registered creditors; b) mention of the registered creditors:- if it is a natural person concerns: the identification number referred to in Article 7 or, in the absence of such an identification number, the Names and the full address of the place of residence;- if it concerns a legal person: the identification number referred to in Article 7 or, in the absence of such identification number, the name , the legal form and full address of the social seat; c) date of registration c) amount of the registration in euro; 11а with regard to the reset and seizure creditors: a) Total amount of the sums owes to the resistance and seizure creditors; b) mention of the resistance and attaching creditors:- If it concerns a natural person : the identification number referred to in Article 7 or, in the absence of such identification number, the name and first names and the full address of the place of residence, if it concerns a legal person: the identification number referred to in Article 7 or, in the absence of identification number, the name, the legal form and the full address of the social survey; c) date of the resistance or attachment; d) amount in Euro.art. 6. - signing the notification that the notifications would be valid as seizures among third parties if they were sent by means of a procedure in which computer science techniques are used, they must bear an electronic signature that is made with one of the following techniques: 1а creation of a electronic signature using a Belgian electronic identity card; 2а creation of a digital signature using a private key, assigned to a competent personnel member, where a certificate has been issued to that staff member, where both the private key and the certificate in a secure manner The memory of a computer stores; 3а creation of a digital signature using a private key, assigned to the regional fiscal administration to which a certificate has been issued to that entity, whereby the private key as the certificate on a BE Saved a secure manner stored in the memory of a computeris; 4а Creation of an advanced electronic signature as stated in Article3.11 of the Regulation (EU) Nr910/2014 of 23 July 2014 on electronic identification and confidence services for electronic transactions in the internal market and withdrawing Directive1999/93/EG.DE used technology is determined by the GOBF, after consultation with the Royal Federation of the Belgian Notarialate. The sender will be stored for a period of ten annual ear and in the event of dispute within a reasonable period of time are submitted.art.7. - Identification of the persons involved in the shipment of message, information and notification in the context of the shipment of the messages, information and notifications, the passenger groups involved in the following way:- If the Public Prosecution Service concerns a legal person, with the help of the identification number referred to in Article III .17 of the Code of Economic Law;- if it concerns a natural person, using the identification number in the National Register or the implementation of Article 4, § 2, of the Law of 15 January 1990 establishing and organizing an intersection bench of the of social security, identification number assigned in the Bisregister, and where appropriate, with the help of the identification number referred to in Article III.17 of the Economic Law Code.art. 8 - Controller controller and the notary and each with regard to the controller within the meaning of Article 4, 7) of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of Nigside persons in connection with the processing of personal data and regarding the free movement of that data and withdrawing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation), of the data exchanged when applying this Decree. 9 - Retention period of the person data in the context of the shipment of the messages, notifications and intelligence -exchanged personal data is stored by the controllers in the term of the purposes to achieve the purposes pursued with the data exchanges in the context of sending the messages, notifications and information For the GOBF, this period may not exceed the twenty years from the first day of the third month following the message. For the notary, this period may in any case exceed the thirty years from the driving of the authentic deed. 10. - Guarantee of origin, integrity and identical content of the messages, notifications and intelligence origin and the integrity of the content of the messages, notifications and information must be used in the event of shipment by means of a procedure for information techniques by means From adapted security techniques. The information in the messages, notifications and information is the same, regardless of they are communicated by means of a procedure in which computer techniques are used or by registered letter.art.11. - Limitation of the scope area DIT Decree only applies to the notaries. His provisions do not apply to the persons as referred to in Article 27/1 of the Ordonnantie.art.12. - Entry into force decision comes into effect at the time of the training of Articles 24 to 26 of the Ordonnantie.art. 13. - Implemented Minister -Condition for Financiыn is responsible for the implementation of this decision.brussel, 26 March 2020. For the Brussels -Capital Government: the Prime Minister of the Brussels -Capital Government, r. Vervoortde Minister of the Brussels -Capital Government, tax with financial, budget, public office and the promotion of multilingualism, s. Gatz