Publication: 2020-03-03numac: 2020020427federal Public Service Economy, K.M.O., Midden-Stand and Energie22 February 2020.-Act amending the law of 17 March 2019 on the appeals of accountant and tax adviser in the institute of the tax advisers and the accountants concerning film, Koning of the Belgians, to all who are now and will hereinafter, our greeting has accepted the Chamber of Representatives and we ratify what follows; Article 1. This Act regulates a matter as referred to in Article 74 of the Constitution. 2. Article 127 of the law of 17 March 2019 on the appeals of the accountant and tax adviser will be supplemented with paragraphs 4 to 6, reading: "§ 4. Contrary to Article 63, the transition council of the Institute calls a general meeting that consists of it All Natural Personendie on 1 February of the year of the General Meeting are registered on the Tableau of the Members or on the list of interns of the Institute of the Accountants and the Tax Consultants in Article 5 of the Act of 22 April 1999 or on the tableau of The professional practitioners or on the list of interns of the professional institute of recognized accountants and tax specialists referred to in Article 45/1, § 1, of the law of 22 April 1999. That general meeting takes place on a Saturday in the half of the month of April.de convocation letter will be sent thirty days before the date of the general meeting to the natural persons referred to in the first paragraph. This callin gsbriefVat the agenda, the location and date of the general meeting as well as the additional rules of organizational -related laid down by the transition council and is accompanied by the accounts withdrawn on 31 December and of the proposal of budget for the new financial year. The chairman and vice -chairman of the transition council referred to in paragraph 1 That general meeting is for. Eel person in the first paragraph has one voice. He can give another member of the General Meeting in writing to vote in his place at the general meeting. He may keep a maximum of two powers. The trainees mentioned on the list of interns of one of the musioning institutions have an advisory vote. The decisions of the general meeting are taken by majority of the votes present and represented. This general meeting exerts all competence intended in Article 65, with the exception of article 65, 1 °. At this General Meeting, the Transitional Council for approval for: a) The accounts of the Institute, concluded on 31 December; b) the budget for the new financial year. The commissioners of the merger institutes propose their report on this general meeting about The accounts. The general meeting indicates one or more supervisory directors referred to in the primary persons referred to in the Premature. The Mandate of Commissioner is incompatible with the mandate of chairman, vice -chairman or member of the transition council or of the councils of the merging institutes, as well as any committee or work group Founded by the Institute or Door The merger institutions. The Commissioner checked annual accounts of the Institute. He draws up a report and transfers it to the annual general meeting. The General Meeting determines the remuneration of the Commissioner. Solid provisions from this law have entered into force, the members and interns of the merger institutes continue to pay the contributions determined by each of the merger institutions. The whole contribution to the mergering institutes covers the operating costs of the institute and of the merger institutions.§5. The Institute is established and has legal personality to carry out the assignments to be entrusted to the transition council and the general meeting referred to in this article.§ 6. The sections4 to 5 step out of operation at the entry into force of all provisions from this Act. "Art .3. This law enters into force on the day on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. Based on this law, orders that it will be held and will be announced by the Belgian Official Gazette. Given in Brussels, 22 February 2020.filipvan Kingin: the Minister of Central Station, Self -Employed and SMEs, d. Dumarmede Ministervan Economy, n. Muyllemet 's Lands Seal: The Minister of Justice, K.Geens ______ Note (1) Chamber of People's Representatives: (www.dekamer.be) Pieces: 55-0965 (2019/2020). Integrated report: 13 February 2020.