Publication: 2020-12-11Numac: 202004105brussels-Capital Region 3 December 2020.-Decision of the Brussels-Capital Government determining the degrees of the Personnel of the Regional Public Service Brussels, the Brussels Regional Public Service Taxation, Brussels Urban Building and Heritage and Brussels Public office The same kick in the Hierarchy FormendeBrussel -Capital Government, in view of Article 43 of the laws on the use of Detals in Public Affairs, coordinated on July 18, 1966, as last amended by the law of 4 April2006; Having regard to Article 32 of the Act of 16 June 1989 containing various institutional reforms; Getting the decision of the Brussels -Capital Government of 6 May 1999 determining the degrees of the Officials of the Ministry of the Brussels -Capital Region who are the same staircase of the hierarchy forms; having regard to the decision of 19 March 2015 of the Brussels -Capital Government arranging the name forces JZing of the Ministry of the Brussels -Capital Region, as last amended by decision of 6 July 2017; Having regard to the decision of 15 December 2016 of the Brussels -head of Brussels on the establishment of the Brussels Fiscity Regional Public Service; Brussels -Capital Government establishing Brussels City Construction and Heritage; Having regard to the decision of 6 July 2017 of the Brussels -Capital Regulation establishing Brussels Public Office; in view of the decision of the Brussels -capital government of 21 March 2018 containing the administrative status and the remuneration scheme of the civil servants of the regional government services of Brussels; Having regard to the Advice No. 52.345/VII/PNF of the Standing Committee for Language Supervision, given on 1 December 2020; mostly the provisions of Article 54, second paragraph, of the laws on use are met of the languages ​​in administrative matters coordinated on 18 July 1966; on the recommendation of the Minister competent for public official official; after deliberation, decision: Article 1. This decision applies to the Brussels Regional Public Service, the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation, Brussels City and Heritage and Brussels Public Ambt. 2. The different degrees that form a self -departure in the hierarchy are determined as follows: first staircase: the degrees that Behentotot the rangs A7, A6, A5 and A4 +; second staircase: the degrees that belong to the rank A4; third -stage: the degrees that belong to the rank A3; fourth staircase: the degrees that belong to the Ranga2 to A1; fifth staircase: the degrees that belong to the rank B2 to B1; Sixth staircase: the degrees that belong to the rank C2 to C1; seventh; Trap: The degrees that belong to D2 to D1.Art. 3. The decision of the Brussels -Capital Government of 6 May 1999 to determine the degrees of the officials of the Ministry of the Brussels -Capital Regional Regestive The same staircase of the hierarchy is being lifted .Art. 4. This decision takes effect on the day of its announcement in the Belgian Official Gazette.art. 5. The Minister for Public Office is responsible for implementing this decision. Brussels, 3 December 2020. For the Brussels-Capital Government Brussels: the Prime Minister of the Brussels-Capital Government, competent for territorial development and urban renewal, tourism, the promotion of the Imagovan Brussels and Bicultural Affairs of Regional Interest, r. Vervoortde Minister Vande Brussels -Capital Government, competent for mobility, public works and road safety, e. Van den Braedde Minister of the Brussels -Capital Government, competent pre -climate transition, environment, energy and participatory democracy, a. Maronde Ministervan The Brussels -Capital Government, competent for finance, budget, public office, the promotion of multilingualism, and of the image of Brussels, s. Gatzde Minister of the Brussels -capital government, competent for work and vocational training, digitization and local boards, b. Clerfayt