Publication: 2020-05-04numac: 2020040967brussels-Capital Region12 March 2020.-Decision of the Brussels-Capital Government to designate the members of the selection committee for the allocation of a mandate of deputy director/director-general (A4+) in the regional government service Brussels taxation in the French -speaking language -speaking Brussels -capital government, in view of the special law of 12 January 1989 with regard to the Brussels institutions, in particular Article 40; Having regard to the decision of the Brussels -capital government of 21 March 2018 on the administrative status and the remuneration scheme of the officials Of the regional government services of Brussels, in particular Article 446; predominantly the allocation of a mandate relationship of Deputy Director/Director General (A4+) in the regional government service Brussels Taxation in the French-speaking language role is needed, the members of a selection committee is at in view of the agreement of the Minister of Budget; in view of the fact that Mr. Miguel de Jonckheere (NL) has an expertise on tax law Alprof. Dr. Public Law in the Fiscal Law department. Held on the fact that Mrs. Valerverzele (FR) has expertise on mobility and general management in the public sector, in particular as director-general at the FPS mobility and transportation. Christineberwaerts (NL) has extensive experience with selection and human resources management mainly in deprivésector. Held on the fact that Mr. Alexandre De Munck (FR) has an expertise tax as a legal consultant with regard to tax law. Jean-Paul Gailly (FR, legally bilingual) has great experience in the domain of management in the public sector, given his experience as director-general at the Brussels Public Prosecutor's Government Service for 5 years and as Director-General of Mobility and Road Safety Bij de Federal Public Service Mobility and transport for 11 years. On the recommendation of the minister, after deliberation success, Decree: Article 1. are designated as members of the selection committee for the allocation of a relation to Deputy Director/Director General (A4+) at the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation in the French language role: 1.mijnheer Miguel De Jonckheere (NL) 2. Mrs. Valerie Verzele (FR) 3. Mrs. Christineberwaerts (NL) 4. Mr Alexandre de Munck (FR) 5. Mr Jean-Paul Gailly (FR, legally bilingual) that Mr. Jean-Paul Gailly is appointed as chairman of the selection committee for the allocation of the relation of Deputy Director/Director General (A4+) in the Brussels Fiscity Regulation Service in the French-speaking language role. Art. 2. The Minister competent for the public office is charged with the implementation of this decision. 3. This Decree works the day on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. Brussels, 12 March2020. For the Brussels -Capital Government: r. Vervoort, Prime Minister of the Brussels-Capital Government, competent for territorial development and urban renewal, tourism, the promotion of the image of Brussels and bicultural affairs of Regional, Interest.gatz, minister competent for public officePublication: 2020-04-29Numac: 2020040970 Flemish Government24 April 2020.-Decision of the Flemish Government to regulate certain temporary measures by the civil emergency situation with regard to public health pursuant to the COVID-19 Coronavirus, in terms of the second assessment round of 2020 for project subsidies and stock exchanges within the Arts Decorate Law Decree Decree is based on:- the decree of 20 March 2020 on measures in the event of a civine-sized situation with regard to public health, Article 5. Form-requiring subsequent form requirements have been fulfilled:- the Flemish minister, competent for the budget, has given his agreement on April 23, 2020.- No advice was requested from the Council of State, with application of Article 3, § 1, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973. The urgent possibility does not allow you to wait for the Advice from the Council of State within a short -term period of 5 days, because of the Coronacrisis E n the very rapid evolution of the situation. It is crucial for the arts field that there is immediately clarity about the second subsidy round2020 within the Arts Decree, with the extreme date of May 15, 2020. Maximum legal certainty within the shortest possible term is necessary. Motiveringdit decision is based on the following motives:- The Decree of 20 March 2020 on measures in the event of a civil emergency situation with regard to public health, in Article 5, the Flemish Government grants the authority to work out further rules in the event of a civil emergency situation with regard to public health for suspension, the interruption or extension of procedural periods or the temporary adaptation of procedural or administrative obligations in various decrees and the ERID implementation decisions to ensure maximum legal certainty;- taking into account the coronacrisis and the fulfillment of it for the arts sector, a substan Tieelbudget released for the organization of a second assessment round in 2020 of applications for subsidizing projects and fairs within the Arts Decree. For that reason, the extreme date for this end for this round is changed once of 15 March 2020 in 15 May 2020.- Arts and arts organizations are heavily affected by the coronacrisis. In order to further increase artists and arts organizations, these difficult circumstances continue their practice/operation, the assessment round pre -subsidies with the extreme date of 15 May 2020 will only focus one -time only on short -term trade fairs, projects of individual artists and projects of organizations with a maximum duration of one -year . By focusing on a short duration, the commitments remain limited in these uncertain times for a maximum of one year and more players from the arts sector can be subsidized. of 9 November 2018 on the implementation of the Decree of 13 December 2013 Support for the Professional Arts, applications for project subsidies within the Arts Department Advised by an assessment committee composed of a minimum of 3 and a maximum of 13 members, a chairman of a chairman. At the moment, in view of the applicable corona measures, it is uncertain whether such assessment committees can take place with regard to the subsidy round with the extreme date of 15 May 2020. The reason for a one -off, only within the assessment round of 15 May 2020 for project subsidies from individual artists and Organizations are assessed in the same way as applications for trade fairs: with an ad hoc committee consisting of 3 members of the Pole of Assessers and a Secretary. As a result, the risk is limited to unlawfully composite assessment committees as a result of failure of committee members due to illness or other necessary work as a result of Corona. Small commissions can also be more simpler digital meetings and advise.- The strategic vision note of 1 April 2020 set a number of points of attention first, which must be taken into account in the assessment of applications for project subsidies under this, at the moment under Article 23, § 2, 4 ° of the Arts Decree. Are these points of attention not yet integrated into the Digital Tool Kiosk that is used for submitting and assessing grant applications. Urgent work as a result of the coronacrisisisregen priority. In addition, a large number of files were already in creation for the original submission date of 15 March that have been aligned on the points of attention from the strategic vision pota dd. April 1 ,2015Consequently, the subsidy applications that are submitted at the latest on 15 May 2020 will be assessed once once with the application of the points of attention from the strategic vision pota dd. April 1, 2015., the extreme passing date in 2020 were retained on 15 March and not postponed until 15 May, then the same points of attention would have been applied. Legal Landdit Decree concludes the following regulations:- The Art Decree of 13 December 2013;- The Decree of the Flemish Government of 9 November 2018 on the implementation of the decree of 13 December 2013 on support of the professional arts-- the decision of the Flemish government of 20 March 2020 establishing a civil emergency situation with regard to public health, as stated in the decree of 20 March 2020 on measures in the event of a civil emergency situation with regard to public health. Initiative. Initiativedit Decree is proposed by the Flemish Minister of Foreign Affairs, Culture, ICT and Facility Management. After deliberation, Devlamic Government Decree: Article 1. Contrary to Article 3, second paragraph, 2 °, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 9 NO Vember 2018 concerning the implementation of the Decree of 13 December2013 containing the support of the professional arts, applications for subsidization -off will be submitted in 2020 at the latest on 15 May. These applications relate to projects that start in the period from 1 September to 31 December 2020.Art. 2. Contrary to Article3 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 9 November 2018 on the implementation of the Decree of 13 December 2013 containing the support of the Professional Arts, on 15 May 2020, one -mole request for subsidies will be submitted as stated in Article 15, 21 and 30 of the Arts Decree.voorde application of the first paragraph, contrary to Article 21 and Article 30 of the Arts Decree Response Project Subsidies for artists and project subsidies for organizations, are one -off for organizations for a duration of a maximum of one year.Art. 3. Contrary to Article 16, first paragraph, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 9 November 2018 on the implementation of the Decree of 19 December 2013 containing the support of the professional arts, for the advice of the subsidies are stated in Article 21 and in Article 30 of the Arts Decree once before the Tour of 15 May 2020 ad hoc committees that consist of three members of the pool of assessors and secretary, who is employed by the administration.art. 4. In implementation of Article 23, § 2, 4 °, of the Arts Decree, the AD HOC committee as stated in Article 3 still holds the one -off account with the strategic vision note of 1 April 2015.Art. 5. This decision has elaboration with effect from 15 March 2020.Art. 6. The Flemish Minister, competent for culture, is taxed with the implementation of this decision.brussel, 24 April 2020. The Prime Minister of the Flemish Government, Flemish Minister of Foreign Affairs, Culture, ICT and Facility Management, J.JambonPublication: 2020-05-11Numac: 2020040971federal Public Service Finance23 April 2020.-Act changes to the added value of the added value, the 1992 Income Tax Code, the Code of the amicable and forced collection of tax and non-fiscale claims and the Program Act (i) of 29 March 2012, regarding the processing of personal data via the e-notariaat Filip, King of the Belgians, to all who will be present and hereinafter we have accepted the Chamber of Representatives, which follows, which follows : Title 1 - General provision article 1. This law regelt a matter as referred to in Article 74 of the Constitution 2 - Changes of the Tax on the added value, the Income Tax Code of the Income Tax1992, the Code of the Enhancement and Forced Collection of Fiscal and non-tax claims, and the Program Act (i) of 29 March 2012, regarding the e-memorandum Romaniacades 1 - Changes of the Tax of the Tax on the added value art. 2. In Article 93ter, §1, of the Tax on the added value, inserted by the law of 8 August1980, replaced by the law of 11 February 2019 and lifted by the law of 13 April 2019, except for the cases referred to In Article 138 of that Act, the following changes are made: 1) In the first paragraph, the introductory sentence is replaced as follows: "In order to collect the treasury, with the eye of the collection of the added value and associated tax state to take uniform mortgage on a property that is susceptible to the object of a designaktot totot or mortgage use, are the notaries requested to make a deed that the alienation or the mortgage use of a good property has been subject to object , personally liable within the meaning of Article 1382 of the Dutch Civil Code, for the payment of the tax on the added value and associated that to a Mortgage registration can give rise to the reason if they do not report: "; 2) in the first paragraph, 2 °, the word" letter "is replaced by the word" shipment "; 3) Four members are inserted between the first and second paragraph, reading: "The message states the identity of the sender, the property that is the object of the deed referred to in the first paragraph and the identity of the owner or holder of a commercial right to that good. For the application of this provision, the identity of the Sender, the name, first name, capacity, address and company number. For the application of this provision, the identity of the owner or holder of a commercial law includes: a) Voordatuurlijke Persh: the name, first names and the identification number of the National Register, or in the event of a default the identification number at the Crossroads Bank of Social Security, or in the absence of such numbers, their date of birth; b) for legal persons: the name, legal form and the business numme r.voorde application of this provision includes the identification of the property that is the object of the deed in the first paragraph, the nature of the good, his address, the number of the cadastral layer, and if this data is known, the selling price and the mortgage situation. "; 4) In the second paragraph, that it becomes sixth paragraph, the words" in the first paragraph "are inserted between the word" there "and the words" not past ".Art. 3. In Article 93quater of the same Code, inserted by the Act of 8 August 1980, replaced by the law of 11 February 2019 and canceled by the law of 13 April2019 except for the cases referred to in Article 138 of that Act, the following amendments will be made: 1) In paragraph 1, 2 °, the word "letter" is always replaced by the word "shipment"; 2) The article is supplemented with a paragraph 4, reading: "§4. The information is being taken in the notification intended in this The same is the same regardless of whether they were chased by electronic or by registered mission. In the case of an electronic shipment, the origin and integrity of the content of the notification are ensured by means of appropriate security techniques. The applied technology is assured that only the authorized representatives have access to the resources with which the electronic certificate GEC is realized. The procedures set out allow the natural person responsible for the shipment, as well as the moment of shipmentThe sole purpose of implementing the provisions in this section is identified by the taxpayer either by the identification number of the National Register or, in the absence of it, the identification number at the Social Security Crossroads Bank, when it is a natural person or by the identification number of the intersection bank of companies, when it comes to a legal person. ". Art. 4. Article 93octies of the same Code, inserted by the law of 8 August 1980 and canceled by the Act of 11 February 2019, is repeated as follows:" Art. 93OCTIES. The Federal Public Service Finance represented by the President of the Executive Committee is the controller within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 of the European Parliament and the Council on the protection of Nernatural Persons in connection with the processing of personal data and concerning the free movement of that data and withdrawal of directive 95/46/EC, and of the law of 30 July 2018 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data, for the collection and storage of the data received from the notaries In the implementation of Article93ter, its use to check whether the persons mentioned therein are debtors of a certain debt to the tax administration, the notification of these debts, the statement of debts to the notaries concerned and, where appropriate, take of the necessary measures for the registration of the statutory mortgage. The information included in the message, the notifications the information or referred to in Articles 93ter, 93Quater and 93quinquies are stored by Defederal Public Service Finance until 31 December of the year following the year where the prescription of all acts is required to the legal mortgage from the treasury guarantees or to be able to establish liability claims in order to insure the recovery of Debefassing on the added value and associated, which belong to the jurisdiction of the Controller Responsible Property in the first paragraph and, where appropriate, the full payment of all with it Connected amounts were realized and the associated procedures and administrative and judicial professions have been concluded. ". Chapter 2 - Changes to the Code of the income taxes1992Art. 5. In Article 412bis of the Code of Income Taxes 1992, inserted on the law of 28 December 1992 and amended by the law of 11 February 2019, the following amendments are made: 1) The article is replaced as follows: "Art. 412bis. §. §. 1. Infpression of Article 412, second paragraph, the withholding tax with regard to the capital gains stated in Article 272, second paragraph, is affordable when registering the deeds or statements stated in Article 270, first paragraph, 5 °. The in Article 270, first paragraph, 5 °, stated persons have been kept to, when registration of the deed or the statement that the transfer has been established, on the office stated in Article 39 of the Code of Registration, Mortgage and Cortaign rights, the withholding tax , determined in accordance with Chapter V, Section 8, of Annex III of the Royal Decree of 27 August 1993 implementing the Code of Income Taxes 1992, to be paid with the Meerwaa that are included in the profit or benefits stated in Article 228, § 2, 3 °, a and 4 °, and which have been realized in the transfer under the objectionable title of immovable property in Belgium or of business rights with regard to such immovable goods, taxpayers subject to non-residents, item 169ter of the Registration Code, mortgage and court fees applies to the withholding tax with regard to the additional values ​​referred to in the first paragraph and the second paragraph that when registering the deed Whether the declaration must be paid.§ 2. If paragraph 1 must be applied to insure the collection of the withholding tax with regard to the capital gains, the debtors of withholding tax stated in Article270, first paragraph, 5 ° are required, the report stated in article 433 to establish that also reports all the data required for the calculation of the company for lift with regard to the achieved capital gains and possibly to justify the costs of and releases the transferor to deduct from the transfer price or to add to the acquisition price. The message also states the identity of the sender, the property that the object of the deed or the declaration referred to in Article 270, first paragraph, 5 °, and the identity of the owner of a commercial right to that goodFor the purposes of this provision, the identity of the sender, the name, first name, capacity, address and business number. For the application of this provision, the identity of the owner or holder of a commercial law includes: a) for natural persons: the name, first names and the identification number of the National Register, or Boleship of it the identification number at the Social Security Crossroads Bank, or in the absence of such numbers, their date of birth; b) for legal entities: the name, legal form and the business number. For the application of this provision includes the identification of the correct that the object is the deed or the statement referred to in paragraph 1, the nature of the good, address, the number of the cadastral layer, and if this information is known, the selling price and the mortgage state. The message referred to in the first paragraph, before registration, must be communicated to: 1 ° the Staff Service Information and Communication Technology of the Federa LE Government Service Finance, and this electronic manner; 2 ° the competent recipient if the notification of the message Niet can be done in accordance with 1 ° due to force majeure or a technical malfunction. In that case, the report will be communicated by registered shipment. If the deed or statement for which in paragraph 1 is not the past will be calculated within three months of the shipment of the message, the message will be considered as non -existent. When the message is communicated agreement greatet Sixth paragraph, 1 °, the shipping date of the message is understood to mean the date of receipt of receipt by the Staff Service Information and Communication Technology of the Federal Public Service Finance. When the same message is sent in succession according to the procedures supply and in the sixth paragraph, 1 ° and 2 ° respectively , then the message will only be drawn up in accordance with the sixth paragraph, 2 °, only if its shipping date is the shipping date of the message set in accordance with the sixth paragraph, 1 °, prior to the recipients, the debtors stated in paragraph 2, within the deadline in Article 434, by registered shipment notified of the amount of the withholding tax due pursuant to Article 273, 2 °, with regard to the capital gains realized on the goods that are the object of the deed or the statement intended in paragraph 1. In case of public sale, the recipients will, in deviation from The first paragraph, to the debtor of the withholding tax, only inform the Hetotal amount that must be deducted from the transfer price to obtain the amount of the achievement value so that, like the withholding tax due, he can be calculated by the aforementioned debtor.§ 4 . The debtor of the withholding tax submits, before registration, the notification stated in paragraph 3 charged to the recipient charged with the registration fan the deed or of the statement that determines the transfer. The recipient can make the registration base dependent on the deed or statement on the submission of a certificate that you ITGAT of the competent administration charged with the establishment of the income taxes, whereby the transferor is not a taxpayer as referred to in Article 227, 1 ° or 2 ° .§5. After receipt of the withholding tax due, the recipient of the registration will complete the notification stated in paragraph3 and issue in duplicate to the debtor of the withholding tax. This last will be a copy to the transferor of the property or from the business rights with relationship until that good handing over to him to fill his declaration in the tax on non-residential Indentators. The recipient of the registration sends a copy of the notification of the administration of the administration in the first paragraph with the establishment of the income taxes.§ 6. The king determines the entries that appear in the message referred to in paragraph 2, first paragraph. "; 2) in paragraph 2, first paragraph, the words" in Article 433 "are replaced by the words", depending on the case, in Article 433 or In Article 35 of the Code of the amicable and forced collection of tax and non-tax claims "; 3) in paragraph 3, first paragraph, the words" in Article 434 "are replaced by the words", depending on the case, in Article 434 or in Article 36 of the Code of the amicable and forced collection of tax and non-tax claims ".Art.6. In Article 433, § 1, of the same Code, replaced by the law of 11 February 2019 and lifted by the law of 13 April 2019, excluding the cases referred to in Article 138 of that Act, the following changes will be made: 1) The introductory sentence will be replaced as follows: "§ 1In order to enable the treasury, with a view to recovery of income taxes and associated, to take a legal mortgage on a good mortgage that makes it object to a draft deed for alienation or mortgage use, the notaries requesting a to draw up a deed that has the alienation or the mortgage use of a good object to it for mortgage -affordable, personally liable within the meaning of Article 1382 of the Civil Code, for the payment of taxes and associated that can give rise to a mortgage registration when they Do not report this to: "; 2) In the first paragraph, 2 °, the word" letter "is replaced by the word" shipment "; 3) The paragraph is supplemented with four members, reading:" The message states the identity of the sender, the good that the object of the deed referred to in the first paragraph and the identity of the owner or holder of a business right on D at good. For the application of this provision, the identity of the sender, the name, first name, capacity, address and company number. For the application of this provision vessel, the identity of the owner or holder of a commercial law: a) for natural persons : the name, first names and the identification number of the National Register, or in the absence of the identification number at the Crossroads Bank of Social Security, or in the absence of such numbers, their date of birth; b) for legal entities: the name, legal form and the company number. For The application Vandeze provision includes the identification of the property that is the object of the deed referred to in the Primary member, the nature of the good, its address, the number of the cadastral layer, and if this data is known, the selling price and the mortgage state . ". Art. 7. In Article 434 of the same Code, replaced by the law of 11 February 2019 and eliminated by the law of 13 April 2019, excluding the cases referred to in Article 138 of that Act, the following changes are made: 1) in paragraph 1, 2 °, the word "letter" is always replaced by the word "shipment"; 2) The article is supplemented with a paragraph 4, reading: "§ 4. The information recovered in the notification in this article are the same regardless of whether they were communicated via electronic road or via registered mission. In the case of an electronic shipment, the re -roses are insured the integrity of the content of the notification by means of appropriate security techniques. The notice that notification would be valid, an electronic certificate is used. The applied technique is insured that only the authorized persons have access to the resources with which the electronic certificate is created. The procedure set out s Allow the natural person to identify for the shipment, as well as the moment of shipment. With the sole purpose of performing the provisions referred to in this section, the taxpayer is identified or indeed by the identification number of the National Register or, failing to do so, the identification number The Crossroads Bank of Social Security, when it comes to a natural person, or through the identification number of the intersection bank of companies, when it comes to a legal person. ". Art.8. Article 438 of the same Code, abolished by the law of 11 February 2019, will be restored as follows: "Art.438. The Federal Public Service Finance represented by the chairman of the Executive Committee The Controller within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 of Heturopean Parliament and of the Council on the protection of natural persons in connection with the processing of personal data and on the free movement of that data and to the withdrawal of Directive95/46/EC, and of the law of 30 July 2018 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data, for the collection and storage of the data received from the notaries in the execution of Articles 412bis and 433, their use to check whether de people mentioned therein are debtors of a certain debt to the tax administration, the notification of these debts, the notification of the They debts to the notaries involved and, in the context, taking the necessary measures for the registration of the statutory mortgageThe data included in the message and notification or referred to in Article 412bis, §§2 and 3, and in the report, the notification and information or referred to in Article 433, 434 and 435 are stored by the Federal Public Service Finance until 31 December of December of December of December 31 of December the year in the year in which the prescription takes place of all actions required to guarantee the legal mortgage of the treasury or to establish liability claims in order to collect the collection of withholding tax with regard to the capital gains stated in Article 272, second paragraph, and of the income taxes and the income taxes and the income taxes and income taxes and to be insured, which belong to the competence of the Controller's Property Preservatory in the first paragraph and, where appropriate, the full payment of all associated amounts was realized and the associated procedures and administrative and judicial professions are concluded. "Chapter 3 - change n of the Program Act (i) of March 29 ,2012Art. 9. Article 157 of the Program Act (i) of 29 March 2012, replaced by the law of 13 April 2019, will be replaced as follows: "Art. 157. § 1 To ensure the collection of insured and fixed tax debts within the meaning of article 158, and owed by the testator, all -overs and legatees, or the beneficiaries of a contractual inheritance made by the testator, are the notaries requested to draw up a deed or certificate of succession in Article 1240bis of the Civil Code, personally liable personally In the meaning of Article 1382 of Het Burgendijk Code, for the payment of the deceased's debts, heirs and legatees of the identity are stated in the deed or certificate, or the beneficiaries of a contractual heir to the tester, provided that the debts are the debts can be the subject of a notification intention in Article 158 if they do not report this to: 1 ° the service charged with information and communica Tietechnology of the Federal Public Service Finance, and this electronically; 2 ° the official designated by the king of the general administration of the patrimony documentation, if the message cannot be communicated due to force majeure or a technical malfunction in accordance with 1 °. In that case, the message will be sent by registered shipment. When it will be caused by the testator, the liability referred to in the first paragraph is limited to the value of the estate. When it concerns debts. the value of the credits that are stated to the right to the identity of the identity is stated in the deed or certificate and concerning which the notary can be held liable.§ 2. If the deed or certificate for which there is no drawn up within the shipment of the message, it is considered non -existent.§3. If the same message is given in succession in accordance with the procedures foreseen, first paragraph, 1 ° and 2 °, then the message will be drawn up in accordance with paragraph 1, first -line, 2 °, only if the shipping date thereof the shipping date of the report drawn up paragraph 1 will , first paragraph, 1 °, preceded.§ 4. If the message is given in accordance with paragraph 1, first paragraph, 1 °, the date of the notice of receipt sent by the Service charged with information Encommunication technology of the Federal Public Service Finance.§ 5. The report states the identity of the testator, of its heirs or legatearies as well as any beneficiary a contractual inheritance. For the application of this provision, the identity: a) for natural persons: the name includes , The first name and, where appropriate, the identification number of the National Register O f, in the absence thereof, the identification number at the intersection bank of the social security of those involved, or, in the absence of such numbers, their date of birth; b) for legal persons, trusts, fiducies or similar legal forms: the social name, the social seats, in Applicable, the identification number at the intersection bank of companies.§6. The King determines the practical conditions of application of this article. ". Art. 10. In the same law, an Article 157/1 is inserted:" Art. 157/1. § 1In order to ensure the collection of certain and fixed tax debts within the meaning of Article 158/1, and owed by the testator, his heirs and legatoraries, or the beneficiaries of a contractual inheritance made by the testator, are notaries who have been requested for a In Article 1240bis of the Civil Code, the deed or certificate of succession to be drawn up to be personally liable within the meaning of Article 1382 of Het Burburgish Code, for the payment of the declaration of the testator, his heirs and legatories of the identity stated in the deed or the certificate, or the beneficiaries of a contractual inheritance made by the testater, provided that those debts can be the subject of a notification intended in Article 158/1 and provided that the collection of those debts an executable title as intended in Article 138 of the Act of 13 April 2019 to introduce the amicable and forced investment of tax and non-tax SC Huld claims exists before 1 January 2020, if they report there to: 1 ° the service charged with information and communication technology of the Federal Public Service Finance, and this electronically; 2 ° the following officials, when the message for force majeure or a technical malfunction cannot be communicated 1 °:- the recipients including the testator and the legal persons of whom the identity is stated in the deed or certificate of succession, as well as the recipient of the service designated by the King for this, when the testator and/or a of his right-wing people staying abroad;- the official of the general administration panel the patrimony documentation designated by the king. In that case, the message will be sent by registered mail. When debt is a burden The testator is the liability referred to in the first paragraph limited to the value of the estate. If the g for debts the legal liability referred to in the first paragraph limits limited to the value of the rights of the rights of which the identity is stated in the deed or certificate and concerning which denotaris can be held liable.§ 2. If the deed Whether the certificate that Speaking is drawn up within three months of the shipment of the message is still considered existing.§ 3. If the same message is given in succession, the procedures will be provided in paragraph 1, first paragraph, 1 ° and 2 °, Then the report will only pretend that the set -up, paragraph 1, first paragraph, 2 °, will prelude if the shipping date thereof is drawn up in accordance with paragraph 1, first paragraph, 1 °, prior to the message. If the message is given in accordance with paragraph 1, first paragraph, 1 °, the date of sending the message is understood to mean the date of the receipt notified by Dedienst charged with information and communication technology of the Federal Public Service Finance.§5. The message states the identity of the testator, of his heirs or legatearies as well as any beneficiary of a contractual inheritance. For the application of this provision vessel the identity: a) for natural persons: the name, first name and, where appropriate, the Identification number of the National Register or, in the absence thereof, the identification number at Dekruissruntbank of the Social Security of those involved, or, in the absence of such numbers, their date of birth; b) for legal persons, trusts, fiducias or similar legal forms: the social name, dematic Seat and, where appropriate, the identification number at the intersection bank of companies.§6. The King determines the practical conditions of this article. ". Art. 11. Article158 of the same law, replaced by the law of 13 April 2019, will be replaced as follows:" Art.158. The recipient of the general administration of the general administration of the patrimony documentation for the recovery of the tax debt may be to the notary sent to the notary sent in Article 157, before the expiry of the twelfth working day following the shipping date of that message, knowledge of the existence, entertainment the testator or another person mentioned in the message, of a tax debt principal, fines and associated, stating for each of the debtors of the amount of the aforementioned debt: 1 ° electronically, according to the procedure determined by the king ; 2 ° by registered shipment, if the notification of the notification because of force majeure or a technical restoration cannot be communicated in accordance with 1 °, or if the notary sent the message referred to in Article157, § 1, by registered shipmentIf the same notification is sent in succession in accordance with the procedures, respectively in the first paragraph, 1 ° and 2 °, the message will only be prepared in accordance with the first paragraph, 2 °, only if the shipping date for the shipping date is drawn up in accordance with the first paragraph, 1 °, preceding. The first paragraph only applies to the extent that that tax debt is a certain and fixed debt. The notification has been announced in accordance with the first paragraph, 1 °, the date of sending danking must be informed by the date of the receipt confirmation by The information and communication technology service The sender of the message referred to in Article 157, § 1. The information recovered in this article are the same regardless of whether they were communicated via electronic road or by registered mission. In case of an electronic shipping, are The re -roses the integrity of the Hou d of the notification insured by means of appropriate security techniques. The notice that notification would be valid, an electronic certificate is used. Occasionally the applied technique is assured that only the authorized persons have access to the means with which the electronic certificate is created. The procedures set out to identify the natural person responsible for the shipment, as well as the moment of shipment. With the sole purpose of carrying out the provisions referred to in the fifth to the ninth paragraph, the tax is guided or by the identification number of the National Register or, in the absence of it, The identification number at the Social Security Crossroads Bank, when it comes to a natural person, either by the identification number of the intersection bank of companies, when it comes to a legal person. ". Art. 12. In the same law, an Article 158/1 is inserted, reading: "Art.158/1. The recipient or service competent for the collection of the tax debt can be sent to the notary who has sent it in Article 157/1, before the expiry of the twelfth working day following the date of sending that message, knowledge of the existence of the testator or another person in the message stated in the message, of a tax debt consisting of taxes, associated, increases fines, provided that the collection of that debt an enforceable title as referred to in Article 138 of the Act of 13 April 2019 in the introduction of the Code of the amicable and forced collection of fiscal and non-fiscal claims exists before 1 January 2020, with a statement for each of the debtors of the amount of the above the debt referred to: 1 ° in an electronic way, according to the king certain procedure; 2 ° in a registered shipment, when the notification, Omwillevan Overmach t or a technical malfunction cannot be communicated in accordance with 1 °, or if Denotaris has communicated the message referred to in Article 157/1, § 1, by registered mission. When the same notification is sent in succession in accordance with the proceedings or the first paragraph, 1 respectively, 1 ° and 2 °, the message will be drawn up in accordance with the first paragraph, 2 °, if the shipping date thereof the shipping date of the message drawn up agreement first paragraph, 1 °, precedes the first paragraph only applies insofar as that tax debt is a one Certain and fixed debt. When the notification is announced is Agreement first paragraph, 1 °, the date of sending the notification is the date of the receipt of receipt by the Information and Communication Technology department of the sender of the message in Article 157/1 , § 1. The information resoured in the notification intended in this article n The same regardless of whether they were communicated by electronic or by registered mail. InsVal of an electronic shipment, the origin and integrity of the content of the notification is taken into account by means of appropriate security techniques. Used. The applied technology is assured that only the authorized persons have access to the means with which the electronic certificate is being created. The procedures set in operation allow the natural person to identify the shipment, as well as the moment of shippingWith the only referred to provisions referred to in the fifth to the ninth paragraph, the taxpayer is identified or indeed by the identification number of the National Register or, in the absence of it, the identification number at the social security intersection bank, when it comes to a natural person, either through the identification number of the Kruispuntbank of Enterprises, when it comes to a legal person. ". Art.13. In Article 159 of the same law, replaced by the law of 13 December 2012 and amended by the Act of 11 February 2019, the following changes will be changes applied: a) In the first paragraph, words "when applying Article 158" always replaced by the words "when applying the articles 158 and 158/1"; b) In the third paragraph, the words "in accordance with Article 158" and the words "stipulated in Article 157, § 1" or replaced by the words "corresponding articles 158 and 158/1" and the words "stipulated in articles 15 7, § 1, and 157/1, §1 ".Art. 14. In Article 160 of the same law, amended by the laws of December 13, 2012 and 11 February 2019, the following changes are made: a) In paragraph 1, the words "when applying Article 158" and the words "referred to in Article 158" respectively, the words "when application of Articles 158 and 158/1" and the words "referred to in Articles 158 EN158/1"; B) in paragraph 2, a), the words "When applying Article 158" are replaced by the Words "When applying Articles 158 and 158/1"; c) in paragraph 3, the words "of which in Article 158" are replaced by the words "of which Articles 158 and 158/1" .Art. 15. Article 161 of the same law, replaced by the law of 11 February 2019, will be replaced as follows: "Art. 161. The message referred to in Articles 157 and 157/1 is made in accordance with the model determined by the king." Art . 16. In the same law, Article 161/1 is inserted: "Art. 161/1. The Federal Public Service Finance represented by the chairman of the Executive Committee is the controller within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the protection of Natural Persons in connection with the processing of personal data and on the free movement of that data and withdrawal of Directive 95/46/EC, and of the law of 30 July 2018 protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data, for the collection and storage of data received from the notaries in the execution of articles157 and 157/1, their use to check whether the persons mentioned therein, are debtors of a certain debt to the tax administration, the notification of these debts, the notification of these debts to the notaries involved t one of the collection of these debts. No later than 31 December of the year following the year where the prescription of all actions takes place to ensure the collection of the certain and proof tax debts within the meaning of Articles 158 and 158/1, owed by the testator, his heirs and legatoraries or legatearies or the beneficiaries of a contractual inheritance made by the testator to be able to set liability claims in order to recover the collection of these debts that belong to the competence of the controller referred to in the first paragraph, where appropriate, the full payment of all amounts associated with it realized was connected to it pro Cedures and administrative and judicial professions are definitively concluded. ". Chapter4 - Changes to the Code of the amicable and forced collection of tax and non -tax debt claims art. 17In Article 35, § 1, of the Code of the amicable Enged forced collection of tax and non-tax claims, the following changes are made: 1) The introductory sentence of the first paragraph is replaced as follows: "To the treasury, with the eye The recovery of tax and non-tax claims, enabling a legal mortgage to take a good mortgage that the object of a draft deed to alienation or mortgage use is the notary requested to draw up a deed that the alienation or the mortgage use of a good-to-do good object has, personally liable, within the meaning of Article 1382 of the Dutch Civil Code, for the payment of the tax and non-tax debt claims that can give rise to a mortgage registration if he does not notice it indicates: "; 2) Four members are inserted between the first and second paragraphs, reading:" The message states the identity of the sender, the good that is the object of the deed referred to in the Highth Member and the identity of the owner or holder of a commercial right to that good. Application of this provision includes the identity of the sender, the name , first name, capacity, address and company number. For the application of this provision, the identity of the owner or holder of a commercial law includes: a) for natural persons: the name, first names the identification number of the National Register, or in the absence of the identification number Social Security intersection bank, or in the absence of such numbers, their date of birth; b) for legal persons: the name, legal form and the company number. For the application of the provision includes the identification of the property that is the object of the deed referred to in The Primary member, the nature of the good, his address, the number of the cadastral layer, and if this information is known, the selling price and the hypo Thecaire situation. "; 3) In the second paragraph, that is the sixth member, the words" in the first paragraph "are inserted between the word" there "and the words" non -history ".Art. 18. The following changes are made in Article 36 of the same Code: 1 ° In the first paragraph, the words "that the object of the deed is:" replaced by the words "that the object is of the deed and where appropriate that he a legal mortgage on the property has written for the amount of these debts: "; 2 ° The article is supplemented with six paragraphs, reading:" The information resources in the notification intended in this article are the same regardless of them via electronic or via registered mission. In the case of an electronic shipment, the origin and integrity of the content of the notification are insured through the means of appropriate security techniques. Certificate is used to use the notification. The applied technology is assured that a few -person authorized persons have the resources with which the electronic certificate creates. The procedure set in operation as a result of the natural person responsible for the sending, as well as the moment of shipment. With the sole purpose of carrying out the provisions intended in the fourth to eighth paragraph, the taxpayer is identified of the identification number of the National Register or, failing to do so , The Identification Number Bij de Kruispuntbank of Social Security, when it comes to a natural person, or by the identification number of the intersection bank of companies, when it comes to a legal person. ". Art.19. In the same code, an article 37/1 is inserted, reading: "Art. 37/1. The Federal Government Service Finance represented by the chairman of the Executive Committee is the Controller of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 of the European Parliament and the Council concerning the protection of natural persons in connection with the processing of personal data and the relevant free movement of that data and withdrawing Directive 95/46/EC, and of the law of 30 July 2018 on the protection of natural persons with regard to process personal data, for the collection and storage of the data received from the notaries in accordance with article 35, their use to check whether the persons mentioned therein are debtors of a certain debt, the notification of these debts, the communication of these debts to the involved notaries and, where appropriate, taking the necessary e measures for the registration of the legal mortgageThe data included in the message, notification and information or intended in Articles 35, 36 and 37 are stored by the Federal Public Service Finance until the latest December 31 of the year following the year in which the prescription of all actions is required the statutory mortgage of to guarantee the treasury or to be able to insert liability claims in order to ensure the collection of fiscal and non-tax claims that belong to the authority of the controller referred to in the first paragraph and, in the occasional matter, the full payment of all associated amounts was realized and the associated procedures and administrative and judicial professions are definitively concluded. ". Art. 20. In Article 40 of the same Code, the words" 35 to 39 "are replaced by the words" 35 to 37 and 38 to 39 ".Art. 21. In Article 43, § 1, of the same Code, the introductory mean is replaced As follows: "In order to insure the collection of certain and fixed tax and non-tax claims, which are the testator, heirs and legatoraries or the beneficiaries of a recontriced inheritance made by the testator are the notaries requested to be an article 1240bis of the Civil Code referred to as the deed or certificate of succession, personal liability within the meaning of Article 1382 of the Dutch Civil Code, for the payment of the heirs and legatories of which are stated in the deed or the deed or the deed or the certificate, or the beneficiaries of a contractual inheritance made by the testator, sums of tax and non-tax claims that can be notified in accordance with article 44, if they do not report this to: "Art. 22. Article 44 of the same Code is supplemented by a paragraph 4, reading: "§ 4. The information repeated in deantics are intended to be the same regardless of whether they were communicated via electronic road or by registered mail. In case of an electronic shipping, be The origin and the integrity of the content of the notification is insured by means of appropriate security techniques. The notice that the notification would be valid, an electronic certificate is used. Our applied technology is ensured that only the authorized persons have access to the resources with which the electronic certificate is created. The procedures set in operation allow the natural person to identify for the shipment, as well as the moment of the shipment. Met any purpose to perform the provisions referred to in this section, the taxpayer is identified or indeed by the identification number of the National Register or b IJ lack, the identification number at the Crossroads Bank of Social Security, when it comes to a natural person, or through the identification number of the intersection bank of companies, when it comes to a legal person. ". Art.23. In Title 3, Chapter 3, Section 3, Subsection 2 of the same Code, an article 47/1 -gain, reading: "Art. 47/1. The Federal Public Service Finance represented by the chairman of the Executive Committee is the controller within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the protection of Natatural Persons in connection with the processing of personal data and on the free movement of that data and withdrawing Directive 95/46/EC, and of the law of 30 July 2018 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data, for the collection and storage of data received from the notaries in accordance with Article 43, to check whether the persons stated therein, debtor of a certain debt, the notification of these debts, are the announcement of these debts to the notary concerned Senteeinde to insure the collection of these debtsThe data included in the message and notification or referred to in Articles 43 and 44 are kept by the federal public service finances until the latest December 31 of the year following the year in which the limitation period takes place of all actions required to ensure the collection of certain and fixed tax and non-fiscal debt receivables, owed by the testator, his heirs and legatories or beneficiaries of a contractual inheritance made by the testator or to be able to insure liability claims in order to ensure the collection of these debts that belong to the competence of the first paragraph. and, where appropriate, the full payment of all associated amounts was realized and the associated procedures and administrative and judicial professions have been concluded with it. " IT operation with effect from December 30, 2019, with the exception of articles5, 2) and 3), and 9 and 11 that have elaboration with effect from 1 January 2020. The chapter 4 of Title 2 has elaboration with effect from January 1, 2020. Law, order that they will be held with the country's seal and will be announced by the Belgian Official Gazette. Gas Brussels, 23 April 2020.Filipvan Koningsweight: The Vice-first Minister of Finance, a. The Croomet 's Lands seal sealed: the Minister of Justice, k. Geens _______ Note (1) Chamber of representatives (www.dekamer.be) Pieces: K55-0910/010integral report.