Publication: 2020-01-24numac: 2020010214ministerie of the French Community 20 December 2019.-Ministerial Decree approval of the reference file of the "Bachelor specialization: tax sciences" department (code 71705S32D2) ranked in the area of ​​the economic and management sciences of the higher Education for social promotion of the short typing minister of Education for Social Promotion, given the laws on the assignment of the academic guards and the program of the university exams, coordinated in the decision of the Regent of December 3, 1949, in particular Article 6, amended by Article 124 of the Decree of the Fransguorschap of 16 April 1991 on the organization of social promotion education; in view of the law of 29 May 1959 amending some provisions of the education legislation, as amended; having regard to the decree of the French Community of 16 April 1991 Organizing the Education Presocial P Romotie, Articles 47, 71, 74, 75 and 137; Having regard to the decision of the Execution Evan The French Community of 27 April 1992 on the transfer of powers of education forocial promotion; in view of the decree of 7 November 2013 determining the higher education landscapes the Academic Organization of Studies, Articles 1, 37, second paragraph, 2 °, 39, 85, § 1,121 and 157, 171 and 172; Having regard to the decision of the executive of the French Community of 27 April 1992 on education on education for social promotion; in view of the uniform advice of the General Council for Social Promotion of 8 November2019; Specialization: Fiscal Sciences »(code 711705S32D2) by a letter of 8 November 2019 from the General Council Voorthet Education for Social Promotion, BES Luit: Article 1. The reference file of the Department «Bachelor Specialization: Tax Sciences» (code 711705S32D2) and the reference files of the educational units that make up that department are approved. This department is ranked at the level of economic and management sciences of higher education for social priority of the short type. OFF OFFICE that that department consists, the area of ​​the economic and management sciences of higher education for social promotion of the short type and two educational units are ranked in the field of the legal sciences of higher education for social promotion of the short type.art. 2. The certificate of competence by the pedagogical file of the "Bachelor specialization: tax sciences" department (code 711705S32D2) is the diploma of "Bachelor Specialization: tax sciences" .Art.3. The gradual transformation of the existing structures begins, at the latest, on 1 September2020. The department referred to in this Decree replaces the Department of "specialization in tax sciences" (code 711705S32D1) .Art. 4. This Decree will enter into force on 1 February 2020.brussel, December 20, 2019.V. Glatigny, Higher Education Minister, Education for Social Promotion, University Hospitals, Assistance to Youth, Justice Houses, Youth, Sport and Promotion Pan BrusselsPublication: 2020-05-05Numac: 2020010369federal Public Service Finance21 December 2018.-Royal Decree implementing Chapter 2 of the Law of 29 March 2018 expanding the assignments and strengthening the role of the tax mediation service. - German translation The following text is the German translation of the Royal Decree of 21 December 2018 implementing Chapter 2 of the Law of 29 March 2018 to expand the assignments strengthening the role of the Fiscal Mediation Service (Belgian Official Gazette of 31 December 2018) . This is drawn up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.Föderaleröffentlicher Service Finanzen21. Dezember 2018 - Königlicher Erlass zur ausführung von Kapitel2 des Gesetzes vom 29. Kapitel2 - übertragung der Zuständigkeit in Bezug auf den Erlass von Steuerzuschlägen und Administratives Steuergeldbußendes Gesetzes vom 29. März 2018 Zur Erweiterung der Aufträge GenaNG GESHENDSEHENDS. Das Voorerwähnte Gesetz ist auf eine Parlamentarian Initiativehurückzuführen und Durch Kapitel 2 Dieses Gesetzes became those Empfehlungen Nr. 63 Und 64 des reporting parlamentarischen untersuchungskommision vom 7. Mai 2009 über those who consider Steuerhinterziehungsakten (DOC 52 0034/004) umgesetzt.in the Empfehlung Nr. 63 ist bestimmt, dass die Befugnis, überdie der Minister der Finanzen aufgrund von Artikel 9 des Grundlagenerlasses vom 18. März 1831 über dieFinanzverwaltung verfügt, so organisiert werden muss, dass das Eingreifen des Ministers in Bezug aufErlassbeschlüsse nicht mehr erforderlich ist.In der Empfehlung Nr . 64 Desselben Messages Istvorgesehen, Ein Verseichnis der Anträge auf ein eingreifen in Anwendung des Gnadenrechts in Einem Register, Das DEM RECHNINUGSHOF übermittelt Wird, zu Führen. Der Rechnungshof wiederum erstattet der Abgeordnetenkammerjährlich Bericht unter Einhaltung der Grundsätze des Privatlebens und der Anonymität der Steuerpflichtigen.Außerdemwird im Gesetz vom 29. März 2018 dem Bericht des Rechnungshofs von Januar 2014 über Steuermaßnahmenzugunsten von Steuerpflichtigen mit Zahlungsschwierigkeiten Rechnung getragen.I. Legal GrundlageUnd of the sake of Gültigkeit von Article 9 of the Erlasses des Regenten vom 18. März 1831: Annahme Einer Neuenrechtsgrundlage, who Auf Drei Steuergruppen Begrendie Verstaltungsstreitsabenabteilungdes Hatrates Hatrates Hatrates Hatrates Hatrates. 108.981 Vom 9. July 2002 über that Legal Grundlage von Article 9des Erlasses of Regenten vom 18. März 1831 Befunden. Nachstehend folgt eine inoffizielle und angepassteÜbersetzung eines Teils dieses Entscheids."Im Bereich Einkommensteuern ist die Verwaltung durchArtikel 114 des Gesetzes vom 28. Juni 1822 über die Steuer auf das Personal ermächtigt worden, Beschlüssezur Verringerung von steuerrechtlichen Sanktionen zu fassen, einschließlich Anhebungen von Gebührenzur Erwirkung einer Geldbuße, who became Heute as Steuerzuschläge Bezeichnet. In dem Maße, who Article 114 of the Voorerwähnten Gesetzes vom 28. June 1822 Steuerrechtliche Sanktionen concerned, Istdieses Gesetz nicht dank 7. The LegaTätätätätama , Aufgehoben are; bei steuerzuschlägen acts this is Eigentlichum Verwaltungsprafen und Nicht um steuern; bei der Verabschiedung des Erlasses nr. 78 vom 18. you mfasste. Diese Befugnis, that of the Verwaltung Durch Article 114des Voorerwähnten Gesetzes vom 28. June 1822 Zuerkannt are Ist, of those that Befugnissedes königs ausübte, umgesetzt were durlag Ihm's eston's afsebes vager durch auf der 1831 Zuerkannten Allgemeinen Befugnis Zur Ausführung der Gesetze Undseiner Durch that Article 29 und 66 Absatz 2 Der Verfatassung Vom 7. February 1831 Zuerkannten BefugnoRten Zurorganistation der Staatslichen served Zuverlehen, Welche Befugn. Auf der Grundlage Dieser Befugnissehat der Regent Durch that Annahme von Article 9 Seines Voorerwähnten Erlasses Nr. 78 Vom 18. März 1831 article 114 des Voorerwähnten Gesetzes vom 28. June 1822, of that Legal Grund Bildet, Umgesetzt"In the preliminary decision, it is also concluded that the minister of finances still has the authority to state the applications (complaints), the decree of tax surcharges, since in the case of the relevant case there is no cancellation or replacement of Article 9 of the above -mentioned decree no. 78 and the progressive replacement of the tax provided for by the predator June 28, 1822 by new taxes and the cancellation of the same law did not with the acceptance of norms that have legal force, or other higher norms, the grace authorization in the area of ​​tax law Sanctions to the Minister Derfinance are incompatible. However, this situation has recently changed by Article 3 of the Law Council 29, 2018, which aims at the assumption of a new legal standard, which is aimed at the transmission of ministerial authorization to enact or reduce tax surcharges and ADMI Nistroid tax benefit to the "Office of Administration", which was created during the service of tax settlement, but only for:- The income taxes,- the income taxes and taxes and taxes. Applicable in the area of ​​indirect taxes (with the exception of the various fees and taxes). The sake of the fact that the ministerial law is delegated to the director of VAT, registration and domain administration by a ministerial right to mercy by December 2, 1991 with the possibility that the possibility of To further reduce this right to the civil servants determined by him. This means that the minister of finance in terms of tax law money, VAT, registration fees and inheritance tax on the administrative delegation RT has, but retains an evocation right, since it is a delegation and not a transfer from powers. II. The issuance or reduction of tax surcharges and administrative money losses is the result of a decision of grace, namely a decision that is being caught independently of any legal dispute, has long been confused between great confusion between reducing taxes and on the other hand. This confusion is still reinforced by the fact that the same word "reduction" is used in the Dutch to translate the French words "réduction" (reduction) and "modération" (discount), whereby there are a reduction in partial limits. to apply that does not exceed the statutory maximum limit (200 percent), and dependent on the tax situation and the behavior of the taxpayers: i) type and severity of violation and II)) good or malicious. But the general advisor of the administration, with the determination of the administrative tax officer, checks on the basis of a complaint submitted by the taxpayer whether the 1992 (EStGB 92) and Article 225, 226 and 229/1 of the royal decree is carried out on the basis of Article 444 and 445 ESTGB 92 FES dated scales of the tax surcharges (i.e. H. of the staggered fines) and the administrative fines (i.e. the non -staggered benefit losses) are properly taken over in relation to the actual behavior of the tax liability. If the legal dispute if there is an administrative complaint, the judge will be presented with general responsibility; this means that this means that this means that this means that he can replace the contested decision of the management with his assessment. From a law, this means that he has the power to change the administrative decision submitted by the legal decision. In the event of a second time, it is by no means a second repository, with discounts (partial acquisition) of tax law money. in which a taxpayer would apply for the new check -up administrative penalty on the grounds that his tax situation would have been misjudged by the administrative authority or by the judge. Expensive laws that are submitted to the BVS are actually requests for mercy. Regardless of any legal and legal dispute, tax lenses will provide personal or financial situation that will no longer or can no longer pay you to pay the imposed tax rateAs a result, the question is no longer treated as to whether the tax rate is rightly or wrongly imposed, since this question has already been finally clarified in an earlier stage at an administrative or judicial complaint in which the request made previously submitted by the taxpay Namely, the reduction (possibly to zero) of the staggered or non -stagated tax law fine. The decision with which the taxpayer has been imposed on a tax fee fee is therefore not changed by the decision of the BVS, which finds a request for mercy; For reasons of equity (humanitarian, social, financial reasons, etc.), he brings a complete liberation or a partial exemption from the enforcement of the taxpayers imposed. Although the tax law sanction, namely the tax surcharge or the administrative fine, remains, but the tax administration no longer continues. tied together; This article brings the exemption from the enforcement of a part of the prison sentence to which a legal subjugate has been sentenced. or based on humanitarian and its good faith. This reason - and it is important to highlight this - can be submitted to the State Council for assessment by the citizens or companies in the application of Article 14 of the Coordinated Act. Mercimously, the group of those who suffer all sorts of setbacks, namely natural or legal persons whose financial possibilities to pay a imposed tax liability relationship to pay a imposed fine, deteriorates considerably and unwanted have, for example, as a result of a divorce, a life -threatening illness or bankruptcy or bankruptcy or an important customer, etc., the arguments are thoroughly checked by the arguments preferred by tax liability. On the basis of a report written by this office, the college of the tax settlement will take a decision. The law of July 29, 1991 On the express justification of the administrative acts, of course, is applicable to the applications to be made on the applications to be taken over in the area of ​​tax rates. Procedure for the administrative processing of applications for the decree of tax surcharges or tax law -lowering decreasing declining has been written on the basis of a logical question: Who, how, how and at whom will submit an application? In Article 1 of the draft decree, it is determined by who can. This article has been adapted to the remarks of the legislative department of the State Council, which is accepted in point 10 of the report No. 64.252/3 of October 11, 2018. Personal persons who are legally obliged to pay the tax liability for the total debt, for example, can submit an application for mercy: legal successors within the framework of an inheritance, complementary in simple limited partnerships or limited partnerships or limited partnerships of cooperatives with unlimited liability or open trading companies. for heads who have been sentenced by the company court for the total debt payment (the VAT or the preliminary vocational tax tax, since this joint and several liability on the main sum (the tax) and not on the Limited tax surcharges or fines. Administrative (complaint) and judicial (first instance, appeal and cassation)For tax law fines in the area of ​​the various fees and taxes - for which there is no administrative complaint procedure - an application for decree can only be submitted to the BVS if the general consultant service manager has private individuals, KMB or large companies about a reduction in fines. In the latter case, an application or reduction, which is always preceded by an administrative decision on the personal and financial situation of the taxpayer, must always be preceded by an earlier application for reducing fine on the personal and financial situation of the tax liability. . In this case, submission of applications is not associated with an exclusion period, but depends on the presence of a critical personal or financial situation on the part of the taxpayer, since the tax administration has already been finished due to the tax situation of the taxpayer. which will be submitted before January 1, 2019, the BVS will inform all those affected in writing about the amended law and regulation provisions. As far as possible, these applications are processed by the BVS, since their investigation is already completed or runs. As long as the college of the service tax settlement has not been submitted by an application submitted by the tax debtor, the application can be supplemented. are used. However, a specificity in relation to the usual examination, which is peculiar to the service that receives the submitted applications; Inarticula 3 paragraph 1 in FINE is provided that the FINDANANCE HR members of the Finanzin will include the investigation of the applications. Paragraph 1 of the draft decree submitted to the Council. To be able to take a thorough and comprehensive image of the files to be edited, the BVS employees must be able to fall back on the knowledge of the folisel officers who may be necessary to process the submitted applications. These officials are not used systematically, but only if this proves to be useful, for example when checking certain circumstances, such as the fulfillment of their tax obligations, for certain files in connection with and in the processing of files in connection with Reference to various taxes (e.g. VAT and income taxes) or files that require the use of various services (e.g. supporting and tax assessment). Objections based on regulations to avoid the validity of the resolutions for which such cooperation has been claimed. The BVS, in which the applications have to be submitted, is not obliged to examine these applications for grace under all circumstances alone and, if necessary General Administration Take and Contribution and the General Administration of Wealth Documentation. This was the case in the investigation of the same on the basis of Article 9 of the decree of the regent of March 18, 1831. Consulting tax surcharges regardless of the officials of the FöD can be organized if necessary on a collegial basis. Submit that is necessary when examining grace applications. In the rest, Article 3 of the draft decree is to those in points 12 and 13 of the expert opinion no. 64.252/3 of October 11, 2018 received comments from the legislative department of the State Council.The college of mercy -compensation from the college of the service of tax settlement 6 of the decree is to be recognized by the college of the tax settlement service, the function of the allocation authorization, whereupon the general administration takes and briefs the complete decree of the administrative penalty. Administrative complaints at the Administrative Department of State Council in the application of Article 14 § 1 of the coordinated laws on the Gent State Council appellation courtyard issued a fundamental decision on January 7, 2014 (No. 2013/AR/502) on the eventual application of Article 569 No. 32 of the Court of Justice , which enables a judicial complaint a ministerial decision, a complete decree or partial decree of a tax law sanction is rejected by the application of Article 9 of the Decree of March 1831. According to a thorough examination of the matter, the Court of Justice has rightly decided that decisions of Judges, which are dismissed by tax law requests, do not form a reason for a legal dispute in relation to the application of a tax law. Sen is indeed it indicates that the legal dispute brought before the judge as a legal dispute in relation to the application of a tax law (Article 569 No. 32 of the Court of Justice), but as a legal dispute in relation to the lawfulness of an administrative decision on the decree or the discount an administrative penalty should be considered. Such a legal dispute falls into the responsibility of the administrative dispute department of the State Council. Use of Article 14 of the coordinated laws of the State Council, an administrative debt is submitted to the State Council if no judicial complaint is possible. determined: "Againstable administrative decision cannot be submitted to a judicial complaint." This provision has been inserted in order to inform everyone who submits an application for a request for grace, that no organized complaint is provided in the law of March 29, 2018, so that Article 14 § 1 The coordinated laws of the State Council can be applied. Elk resolutions of the jurisdiction of the court courts and courts are subject. Due to Article 145 and 160 of the constitution, this is an authority reserved for the legislator. Therefore, the relevant provisions must be deleted from the draft of a royal decree. The representative of the representative may be included in the report to the king, which is attached to the DESICHT. "(Translation) These explanations were as follows:" In the law, no organized complaint before court courts and courts is provided, Article 14 of the January 12th is on January 12th In 1973 laws coordinated by the State Council coordinated. In the text of the decree, it mentions that there is no organized judicial complaint, which means that the administrative dispute department of the State Council is responsible for a judge. " Namely in the sense of a general character that it applies to all one -sided administrative acts of different administrative authorities, unless a special complaint options are provided for in the law before another case law. 6 of the law of March 29, 2018. Article 14 of the laws about the State Council coordinated on January 12, 1973. Mungin Article 8 of the Demstaatsrat presented was provided for a transitional determination with regard to applications for mercy, which was submitted before Chapter 2 of the Law of March 29, 2018 and the decree. Article 8 was as follows: "Article 2 to 8 of the law of March 29, 2018 to expand the orders and to strengthen the role of the service of tax settlement and the determinant decree, apply to applications that are before the entry into force of Chapter 2 of the pre -mentioned law of March 29, 2018 in accordance with Article 9 of the Basic Recondition of the Regents of 18March 1831 The tax authorities have been submitted. In Deviation of Article 2, the receiving confirmation can be issued to the case mentioned in the previous paragraph until the first day of the second month after the date of the publication of the present decree. "This article is deleted to point 15 of the expert opinion No. 64.252/3 of the legislative department of the State Council on October 11, 2018. In the time of the draft of the decree, about 650gnaden applications are pending. General of the general service levels about the amended law and prescription regulations in writing. The MPs must be presented by the minister of finances at the latest on June 30 of the year at the latest on June 30 of the year. Comments by the State Council on the points of the expert opinion no. 64.252/3 of the legislative department of the State Council is answered. But that regional taxes, the service of which do not guarantee the region, are subject to a concertification obligation that must be filled with the financing of the communities and regions on the basis of Article 5 §3 paragraph 1 of the special law on January 16, 1989. The Inarticula 9 of the draft presented to the State Council, namely November 1, 2018, could not be kept, the measure will only come into force on January 1, 2019 and can also affect any tax surcharges or fines that relate to the following :-Immobile Ien tax deduction in Wallonie,- Taxes on Games and Betting and on slot machine Brussels,- Traffic tax on motor vehicles and commissioning tax in Brussels (BUNSCIAL December 31, 2019). What concerns the property tax deduction, Article 444 of the EStGB92 is not applicable in the absence of an obligation to explain; In other words, tax complaints can be applied. The advance deduction is collected on the basis of the cable invocation determined by the general administration of the general administration and added directly to the defined assessment. In the event of non -payment or payment of payment, the intercession procedure is initiated and default interest is counted. Articles 445 of the EStGB 92 and Article 229/1 of the KE/EStGB 92 also do not apply in practice. In the area of ​​taxes on games and bets and on slot machines, an increase of 500 percent can be used for fraud or failure (Article 68 and 89 of the Legal Law into the income taxes (EStGStGB)). In the event of a violation of the closure or the ban, which is pronounced on the basis of Article 70 of the EStGStGB, a fine of EUR 250 to EUR 12,500 are imposed on Article 71 of the same. 2 of the law of March 29, 2018. What does the traffic tax affect motor vehicles and the commissioning tax concerns, the assumption of the tax by the Brussels capital region, which was originally planned for January 1, 2019, is postponed to January 1, 2020 This is determined in the area of ​​traffic tax on motor vehicles in Articles 40 and 41 of the Code of Law. The reared tax is increased three times if it exceeds a tenth of the original tax. The tax laid down by office must be paid immediately.In accordance with Article 41 of the same code of law, the court can collect the payment of the tax on the license plate of the relevant vehicle and its return to the Road Traffic Service - currently the management for vehicle registrations (DIV) of FöD Mobility and Transport system - from the information of the services of the General Administration (GVStW),, which are commissioned to coordinate the application of Article 9 of the enactment of the regent of March 18, 1831, it shows that a request for mercy has never been submitted with regard to any amount of money. Regions have not yet been transferred (inheritance tax and registration fee Brussels and in the Wallonia, certain fees in Flanders and taxes at the opening of barns for fermented drinks in Brussels), do not fall into the scope of Chapter 2 of the Lage of29. March 2018. The previous must, since there is no conflict of interest, no formal concerting procedure between the federal government and the regional governments. An interministerial conference "Finance and Household", which was made up of the affected regional and federal ministers or their representatives, have been requested. Opinion of data protection authority point 4 of the report No. 64.252/3 from October 11, 2018 The legislative department of the State Council stipulates that the statement of the data protection authority must be requested for the following reasons: "In Article 36 (4) of the Ordinance (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and the Council of April 27, 2016 on the protection of natural persons in the processing of personal data, free data traffic and the cancellation of the directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation), together with Article 57 paragraph 1 letter c) and with the Recording reason of this regulation read the obligation, the supervisory authority- in this case the data protection authority mentioned in the law of December 3, 2017 to create the data protection authority- in the development of a proposal for legislative measures to be issued by a national parliament or on such legislative measures that are based on such legislative measures Processing to consult. " (Translation) The previous consultation of the supervisory authority, which is mentioned in Article 36 paragraph 4 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of April 27, 2016, to which reference is made in point 4 of the above -mentioned report, concerns a future act that is in the context of Legislative measures to be issued from a national parliament or of such legislative measures -based regulatory measures. In addition, all requested applications for processing such files are already used internally. As a result, there is no increased risks that require special measures, since the data processing is available and neither your legal basis nor your basis for regulation is changed. The material task is no longer carried out by the responsible services of the GVStW, but by the BVS, which has been created the throughput 2 of the law of March 29, 2018 in the service of tax settlement, which is still subject to FöD finances, although it is autonomous Data protection of the FöD Finances obtained information also arises. The following is also made. Business of Chapter 2 Section 4 of the Law of August 3, 2012 to determine provisions in relation to the processing -related data by the Federation of Finance within the framework of his orders (BSVOM August 24, 2012) Can the federal public service finance "which are aggregated in a data camp in accordance with Article 3, which enables the implementation of procedures in relation to data mining and data matching to carry out targeted controls on the one hand on the basis of risk indicators and on the other hand analyzes relational Data from various administrations and/or services of the federal public service to carry out finance "(unofficial translation). The BVS is subordinate to the service of tax settlement and consequently also the FöD Finance. The aim of the above -mentioned legal determination is to be deleted.Due to the previous one, the statement of the data protection authority is required.III. Effect analysis when issuing the provisional report no. 64.252/3 of the legislative department of the State Council of October 11, 2018, has been taken into account in terms of the effects analysis when issuing regulations. State aid articles 107 paragraph 1 of the contract on the working method of the European Union (TFEU) is determined: "Unless otherwise determined in the contracts, state or state -of -the -art subsidies are of any kind that are caused by the favoration of certain companies or production branches Falsify or falsify the competition, incompatible with the internal market, insofar as they affect the trade between Member States. "In Article 107 paragraph 2 of the TFEU, what is compatible with the internal market is illustrated, for example: a) aid to individual consumers if they are granted without discrimination according to the origin of the goods, b) aid to the elimination of damage caused by natural disasters or other extraordinary events. (...) Diederzeit responsible services of the GVStW do not lead to any statistics, be it in relation to the amount of the enacted or reduced administrative penalty n, still in relation to the type of taxpayer (natural persons/companies). So now, it is impossible to say with certainty whether it is amounts "of considerable amount" or not. The reasons from which pardon can be granted are independent of tax. Rather, it will be social, family, financial or health reasons. In the case of companies that want to assert mercy law, it has to be a company that are in payment difficulties due to extraordinary circumstances. It is not distinguished either according to the type of company or the branch. The measures apply, such as Article 9 of the decree of the regent of March 18, 1831, both for national companies and for foreign companies. Bedding can only be granted in relation to tax law administrative terms and the main amount or the interest owed. For companies in individual cases, it must be assessed whether a decision to be intended by the tax settlement in accordance with Article 108 (3) of the TFEU of the European Commission must be notified - as in point 6 of the report No. 64.252/3 of the legislative department of the State Council of 11 October 2018 -,,,, If a preliminary question was submitted to the European Commission on November 21, 2018. 107 of the TFEU must be considered After a concerting on December 5, 2018 between the constant representation, the European Commission and the members of the college of tax settlement service, the General Directorate competition - State Aid on December 13, 2018, announced the following: "On the basic often information available, The Competent Services of the Directorate General for Competition would liiketo bring to your Attention the following:- The Mere Transfer of Competences Within The Publica Ministry Under the Envisaged Draft Royal Decree in Itself Does Not Raise Any Congerns. Tax Penalties to Companies, that Undernormal Circumstances would be obliged to pay that Penalties, could potential involve state aid.-the relief does not classify as an aid scheme be lacquer. . As a result, the questions of whether state aid is involved (or not) and it compatibility with the internal market will have to be assured on an individual, case-by-casebasis.- in light of the figures presented (pending request), it Appears that the relief potentialgranted would be (far) below the "de minimis" Threshold (See Commission Regulation 1407/2013 of 18 December 2013 on the Application of Articles 107 and 108 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Unionto de Minimis, OJ L 352, December 24, 2013) .in Order to Comply with State Aid Rules the Belgianauthorities Could Consider Making the Application of the Grace Measure Conditional Upon Compliance With Minimis Regulation. In that context, they would be expected to closely monitor the situation Andkeep Track of the Amount of Relief Granted. In any event, any case that would exced the amounts setin the de minimis regulation should be (pre-) notified to the commission"With regard to one -administered simplification, both for the Member States and for the services of the Commission - to concentrate their means on aid that are really important at community level - and in the interest of small and medium -sized businesses, the Commission 1992 A so-called-Minimis rule introduced in which an absolute maximum amount has been set. Aid and the aim of the aim is to use it. The college of the service of tax settlement door will have to ensure that the above amount of EUR 200,000 during the same period of the same period, including the year in which the decree decision is taken, and despite the years in which the financial losses and tax surcharges actually It is expressly noted in Article 6 that it is expressly noted that the application of the DE-Minimis subsidies, as in Regulation (EU) No. 1407/2013 of the European Commission of December 18, 2013 The application of Article 107 and 108 of the Treaty on the Working Chair European Union to DE-Minimis subsidies and in any later changes to this regulation falls. Preambel and Article 9 of the state council submitted to the State Council, in point 8.1 of its expert opinion No. 64.252/3 of October 11, 2018, determined that Article 15 of the Law of March 29, 2018 is the legal basis for the CHARAGE 2 of the same law (article 9 of the draft decree). As a result, this article also must be mentioned in paragraph 2 of the preamble. March 2018, which was originally planned for November 1, 2018, has not been feasible. It is therefore proposed that this chapter will come into force on January 1, 2019.Te this date is expressly provided for in Article 15 of the law of March 29, 2018.The expert opinion of the State Council can therefore no longer be followed. Article 9 of the reimbursement draft submitted to the State Council (which the entry into force of Chapter 2 of the above law) must be deleted. Otherwise, it would be a mere takeover of the provisions of Article 15 § 2 of the law of March 29, 2018. The enacted decree will also enter Kraft.II on January 1, 2019. Article 3 of the reimbursement of the state council, Article 3 paragraph 2 of the draft decree, the following is determined: "During the investigation, the administrative sentence uses all IT applications that it considered useful to carry out the in Article 1 of the Royal Decree of May 9, 2007 for the execution of Title VII Chapter V of the Law of April 25, 2007 to determine various provisions (IV) to provide a reason given. "Due to the formal provisions mentioned above in point II of the" formalities "and to take into account the remark of the State Council in pre -based reports, If this provision is deleted. The draft does not experience any other significant changes and therefore not presented a second time to the above -mentioned department of the State Council. Finance. De croo21. December 2018 - Royal decree on the execution of Chapter 2 of the Law of March 29, 2018 to expand the orders and re strengthening the role of the service of tax settlement philipes, king the Belgian, all present and future, our greeting! On the basis of the regulation (EU) No. 1407/2013 The Commission of December 18, 2013 on the application of Article 107 and 108 of the Treaty on the Working method of Dere-European Union on de-Minimis aid; on the basis of the constitution, Article 37, 107 Paragraph 2 and 108; on the basis of the law of March 29, 2018 Expansion of orders and to strengthen the role of service tax settlement, Chapter 2; on the basis of the statement of the financial inspector of June 26, 2018; on the consent of the minister of the budget of August 28, 2018; on the basis of the consent of the ministerial service commissioned by July 11 2018; based on the report No. 64.252/3 of the State Council of 11October 2018, submitted in the application of Article 84 § 1 paragraph 1 No. 2 of the laws on the State Council on January 12, 1973; on the basis of the impact analysis in the issuance of regulations, Article 6 of the law of December 15, 2013 for determining different Provisor things have been carried out administrative simplification; at the proposal of the ministerial finance and on the basis of the opinion of the ministers who have advised on the council, we have decided and issue: Article 1 - People who are obliged to pay tax allowances or administrative fines "Office for administrative penalties" of service tax settlement A written application for decree or discount amount of each imposed tax surcharge or any administrative fine imposed in Article 5 of the Act of March 29, 2018 to expand the orders and to strengthen the Rolledes Service Steuerschlic Incessed, if the tax surcharges or administrative money losses are no longer pending or can be initiated against these tax surcharges or administrative money losses. 2 - A reception confirmation is transmitted for applications for the decree or reduction of administrative penalties, which is issued to the applicant within a period of fifteen working days the date of receipt of the application. 3 - For the investigation of the applications, the office in Article 2 of the law of March 29, 2018 to expand the orders and to strengthen the tax settlement service. Make all findings on site. Personnel members of the Federation of Finance Finance may participate in the investigation. The applicant has not been resolved or at the initiative or at the initiative of an employee of the office. The pre -mentioned college is directed and contains a proposed resolution. 4 - From the list of candidates, which is based on Article 4 of the Royal ErfaSesvom May 9, 2007 for the execution of Title VII Chapter V of the Law of April 25, 2007 for the determination of the determination (IV) Organized selection procedure is created, the ministerial finance determines the HR members of the federal public service finance that are made available to the office for administrative criminal offenses. 5 - The college of the service of the Service Tax setting mentioned in Article 1 of the Royal Decree on the execution of title VII Chapter V of the Law of April 25, 2007 for determining various provisions (IV). which the applicant has been submitted to support his application. 6-The order decree falls under the application of the DE-Minimis subsidies, as in Regulation (EU) No. 1407/2013 Dereuropean Commission on December 18, 2013 on the application of Article 107 and 108 of the contractual operation of the European Union on DE -Minimis aid and in any later amendment to the Ordinance of Change in Article 1 of the Royal Decree of May 9, 2007 for the execution of Title VII Chapter V of the Law of April 25, 2007 for the determination of various provisions (IV). ensure that the regulation (EU) no. 1407/2013 of the Commission of December 18, 2013 on the application of Article 107 and 108 of the contractual work of the European Union on DE-Minimis subsidies, the maximum amount mentioned is not exceeded. 7 - The in Article 1 of the Royal Decree of May 9, 2007 for the execution of Title VII Chapter V of the Law of April 25, 2007 to determine various provisions (IV) college of the Service Tax setting specifies the amount of the tax rate or administrative penalty issued by its decision divides this amount for the purpose of executing the administration commissioned with the intake and recovery of taxes. 8 - The annual report and the copies WiEin Article 7 of the law of March 29, 2018 to expand the orders and to strengthen the role of service tax settlement are mentioned at the latest on June 30 of the year after which the report refers, from Minister of finances .art .art. 9 -pre -previous decree will enter Kraft.art on January 1, 201910 - The Minister of Finance is commissioned to carry out the present decree.December 2018 Philippevon Königs because of: the Vice Prime Minister and Ministerer Finance.De crooPublication: 2020-06-03numac: 2020010391brussels-Capital Region28 May 2020.-Special powers decision no. 2020/030 of the Brussels-Capital Government on the support of companies that undergo a relapse of their activity as a result of the health crisis COVID-19 Report to the government The framework of the COVID-19 Pandemie has decided to support the Brussels-capital government the Brussels economy and employment through a series of needs. The goal was to support the most struck sectors. In the light of the changing economic situation, the demand for extra support for heavily affected economic factors has been raised. The Brussels Government has agreed to the granting of a compensation premium man 2,000 euros in support of entrepreneurs and micro-enterprises (between 0 and 5 VTEs) that are confronted with a significant decrease in their activity as a result of the measures taken the distribution of COVID- 19 to prevent. The budget for this measure is 102 million euros. The premium can in particular be granted to applicants with a location unit and personnel means of own goods on the territory of the Brussels -Capital Region (location unit registered at the Kruispuntbank of Enterprises). The premium is available for: 1а an independent company, natural person, who enjoys the full bridging right for March or April2020, that he was awarded the announcement of this decision; 2а a company whose managing manager will enjoy the full bridging right for March or April 2020, that he has the announcement of this decision was granted; 3а a company whose manager is not an independent requirement, if the majority (that is, more than half) of the employees temporarily unemployed ISin the framework of COVID-19 in March or April 2020; 4а an association if the majority of the employees are temporarily unemployed In the context of COVID-19 in March or April 2020. The support is only awarded to the same applicant once. The support cannot be cumulated with any other premium that is requested in the context of the COVID-19 health crisis from a region, a community or an institution of public utility that depends on one of these entities. It is therefore not possible to do this premium To cumulate with, in particular, the other premiums of the Brussels -Capital Region that are granted due to the crisis: flat -rate premium of 4,000 euros (special powers decision no. 2020/13 of 7 April 2020), premium for the social economy (Specealache Decree no. 2020/007 of 16 April 2020), Taxi premium (Special Powder Decree No 2020/16 of 7 May 2020), Premium for Agriculture and Aquaculture (Special Powder Decree No 2020/19 of 7 May2020), etc. The beneficiaries of the support are allowed are not a public company, nor does an enterprise of general interests, nor a company whose social goal is not of an economic nature, nor a company that is for r more than 50% is financed by the government. The above-mentioned limitation, include the category of potentiыle beneficiaries that are intended by this measure, so in particular:- the self-employed in business, including the free, medical and paramedical professions;- the associations whose social aim of Economicable is. Not all persons who work under the Statute of Self -employed, will therefore be entitled to the premiums, but only the self -employed in company who have a business number. To process the expected large number of applications facilitate, the intention is to work together with the National Institute for the Social Insurance of the Self -employed (RSVZ) and the Social Security Kruispuntbank, to obtain the data with regard to the awarded bridging rights and to be able to find out between the national number of Debegomde of the Bridging Law and the ON third -rate number of the self -employed person or the business that applies for the premium. This method should make faster processing possible and the premium on the basis of a statement is granted. With regard to temporary unemployment, the applicants will have to submit evidence that will be manually checked. Insertation of the advice of the Council of State of State, which was urgently consulted, has announced its comments in advice 67,422/1 of 25 May 2020. This Advice could not be added to this report because it is only available in a provisional, monolingual version. The findings of Dit Advies have given rise to changes to the DecreeFrom a combined reading of various provisions of Community law, the Council of State concludes that the advice of the Data Protection Authority should have been sought. This opinion is not shared. The first is the formulation of Article 57, first paragraph, c) of the General Regulation Data protection (AVG) not absolutely binding. Incidentally, it refers to the modalities laid down in the law of the Member State, which in particular Article 2, § 4, of the ordinance of 19 March 2020 to grant special features to the Brussels-Capital Government in the context of the Health Crisiscovid-13 . Article 36 (4) of the AVG must be read in conjunction with its first paragraph, that the following stipulates: `If a data protection effect assessment under Article 35 shows that the processing would lead a high risk if the controller does not take measures to limit the risk, Consult the controller prior to the processing supervisory authority. " This high risk is not present in this case, all the more so since the data collected by Det administration is personal identification data that is not 'sensitive' data within the meaning of Article 9 of the AVG.The Data Protection Authority (GBA) confirms Datenkel `When it appears that the planned processing A high risk would lead to the controller-restrictive measures to take effective risk, the processing must be submitted in advance to the supervisory authority. If the risk can be sufficiently limited to the hand of appropriate technical and organizational measures, there must be a prior consultation place. For these various reasons and in view of the urgency, the advice of the GBA will not be requested. Subsequently, since the concept of 'enterprise', as defined in the first article, also includes 'self -employed in business', the Council of State orders the indication of the self -employed persons to delete the inscription. This recommendation has been followed. In the decision as the Council of State, the bridging right of the self -employed person was taken into account if the date of entry into force of the decision was paid. An objective of this clarification was prevented from the decision to ensure that self -employed persons request the bridging rights, not out of necessity, but with the intention of being able to enjoy this compensation premium. is quite short. Of course it is possible for several months to apply for this right for the months of March and April. However, it can be assumed that the person who needs support already served this application. Another important objective was a fast, semi -automatic processing of the premium applications possible to do, using the data from the RSVZ. In the absence of usage data, a manual processing of all applications would have been significantly told the payment of the premium. This would have reduced its relevance. The Council of State doubts whether the criterion of the payment of the bridging right sufficiently meets the requirement of equal treatment of self -employed people who enjoy the bridging right. He proposes to prefer a criterion of the grant of the bridging right. This suggestion has been followed. The Council Vanstate recalls that the constitutional right to protecting privacy implies that breaches of privacy must have a legal basis. That legal basis must report the categoryыn of personal data that will be processed in the implementation of the legislation.Arart8 has been rewritten by adding the list of category of personal data that BEW may collect in the context of the implementation of the scheme. As recommended by the The VANSTATE council has been omitted Article 8, § 1, second paragraph. In Article 9 of the draft situations are defined in which the premium cannot be granted and must be repaid. The Council of State is of the opinion that the formulation of the situations under 7аen 8а is not clear enough, in particular with regard to the mutual relationship between these two situations. The Council recommends not to display a situation under 7а as an example. In order to meet at the sake, the general reference to the conditions of Articles 3 and 4 has been deletedIt contained ambiguousness and was superfluous since Article 94 of the organic ordinance fan 23 February 2006 containing the provisions applicable to the budget, accounting and control applies to this premium, according to which the beneficiary `who does not comply with the conditions, including The subsidy was granted '`has been obliged to repay the subsidy'. The economic development of companies. He recommends, for the sake of clarity and the uniformity of the regulations, to refer to this chapter earlier and to take additional provisions in the Decree that are specific to the designed support regulation. This recommendation has not been followed. In the framework of the Implementation of the scheme in which a fixed premium of 4,000 euros is awarded, attempts to fraud have been established. In order to limit the risk of fraud, it was considered appropriate to explicitly mention the resources with which the premium applications are checked, but also of the possibility of imposing sanctions and the amount of those sanctions. For example, the decision provides for an administrative fine and its amount is included, which the Council of State has not discouraged. Article 12 of the draft stipulates that the officials of the officials who are competent for the audit have evidence to the contrary It has been proven. The Council of State recalls that the Constitutional Court is of the opinion that such a evidence of the general rule is that an official report counts as a mere information and therefore also of the rule of free proof of proof in criminal cases. He therefore requests the authors to see that this provision is compatible with the case law of the Constitutional Court. To meet this comment as well as possible, this evidence is reserved for the official reports on the infringements referred to in Article 14 . The official report with regard to the exclusions referred to in article 9 will therefore not have this character. It is important to retain this evidence for the official reports that relate to the infringements referred to in Article 14, since these types of disputes are often used "the word of the applicant against that of the administration", as the Council of State has rightly noted, the technical nature of the legislation in the proceedings makes it more difficult to determine the infringements. Finally, it must be noted that the regulations, and therefore the possibility of imposing administrative fines on the basis of this, has a temporary effect. The various improvements and corrections in the formulation of the decision proposed by the Council of State have also been implemented, as well as the proposal to abolish visas. Other improvements or corrections have been made in the formulation. Determination to Article 3, 2а, of the words `registered in the intersection bank of companies' form a technical clarification that has no consequences for the legal scope of the support regulation.inartic 3, 3а, Has the reference to the commercial character been deleted because the concept of 'commercial' is the rear given the cancellation of the Commercial Code as of November 1, 2018. This change does not have consequences for the scope of the provision.barbara traitestaatsecretary for economic transition_____nota1 https: // www. data protection authority.be/wanneer-een-voorgraander-admerging2020/030 of the Brussels-Capital Government on the support of companies that undergo a relapse of Hun activity as a result of the Health Crisis COVID-19DE Brussels-Capital Allocation, in view of the ordinance of 19 March 2020 to award special powers to the Brussels capital government in the context of the Health Crisis COVID-19, Article 2, §§1 and 3; Having regard to Article 2, § 3, 5а of the ordinance of 4 October 2018 to introduce the same juncture test; in view of the agreement of the Minister of Budget, given on 13 May 2020 ; In view of the urgency, motivated by the fact that the COVID-19 has health crisis appeals economic consequences for many companies; that there is urgent need for additional support for very small companies that are struggling with significant economic problems, to limit economic damage; The support provided for in this decision is to be a wave of bankruptcy and to be prevented among the very small companies and self-employed companies that considerably reduce their activities as a result of the crisis; that payment absence due to liquidity problems can lead to a domino effect on the economy, which should be avoided; that these problems and consequences will be felt in the very short term and that the implementation of the support measure should therefore not be delayed; that desteun must be able to be paid as quickly as possible and the urgency is therefore justified; in view of advice 67,422/1 of the Council of State, given on 25 May 2020, in application of Article 84, §1, first paragraph, 3а, of the laws on the Council of State, co -rdinated on January 12, 1973; predominantly the urgency of the urgency. or to consult the Economic and Social Council, as admitted on the basis of article 2, § 4, of the Ordon nantie of 19 March 2020 to the granting of special competences to the Brussels-Capital Government in the context of the health crisis COVID-19; - General provisions article 1. For the purposes of this Decree, it is understood to mean: 1а Minister: the Minister of the Brussels -Capital Government competent for economy; 2а company: the entity referred to in Article 1 of the Annex to the recommendation of the Commission of 6 May 2003 on the definition of small, medium and micro-enterprises; the concept of business vessels therefore companies, self -employed people in companies and certain associations; 3а applicant: the company, natural or legal person who applies for the support; 4а beneficiary: the company, natural or legal person who receives the support; 5а full bridging right: the monthly amount of the finance benefit referred to in Article 10, § 1, of the Act of 222 December 2016 containing a right of bridging in favor of the self -employed and in Article4, § 1, of the Act of 23 March 2020 amending the Act of 22 December 2016 containing the introduction of a right of bridging in favor of the self-employed and the introduction of temporary measures in the framework of COVID-19 in favor of the self-employed; 6а temporarily unemployed in the framework of VANCOVID-19: the temporary unemployment due to force majeure in the context of the COVID-19 crisis , on the basis of the procedure of Article 12 of the Royal Decree of 30 March 2020, adjusting the procedures in the framework of temporary unemployment because of the COVID-19 virus and amending Article10 of the Royal Decree of 6 May 2019 amending Articles 27, 51, 52bis, 58, 58/3 EN63 of the Royal Decree of 25 November 1991 on the unemployment regulations and to the insertion of Articles 36Sexies, 63bis and 124bis in the same decision; 7а Regulation: the Regulation (EU) No 1407/2013 of the Commission of 18 December 2013 on the application of Articles 107 and 108 of the Convention on the Function of the European Union on de-minimis support, announced the Official Journal of the European Union L352 of 24 December 2013; 8а AVG: The Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and the Council of 27 April 2016 on The protection of Natatural Persons in connection with the processing of personal data and concerning the free movement of that data and withdrawing Directive 95/46/EC (General Regulation Vens protection); 9аbew: Brussels Economy and Employment of the Regional Public Service Brussels.art.2. The Minister provides support to companies, under the conditions and according to the modalities laid down in this Decree and under the conditions referred to in the Regulation. Caparator 2. - Support Conditions - Procedure Department 1. - Conditions for obtaining support art. 3The applicant can receive the support if he cumulative: 1а a maximum of five employees in full -time equivalent tent work on the basis of the last social balance sheet published at the NBB, or, for the companies for which the obligation to publish accounts and balances does not yet apply, based on the Dimona -or dmfa-kopieыn; 2а on March 18, 2020, has registered a branch unit in the intersection bank of companies on the territory of the Brussels-Capital Region, exerts economic activity and has human resources and goods that specifically designated for him; 3а no publicical Neither is the company, neither a company that does not comply with public interests, nor a company whose social objective has no economic character, nor an company whose financing of public origin exceeds 50 %.4а not active ISin the primary production of agricultural products or in the fishing or aquaculture sector.5аzich in a of the situations referred to in Article 4, § 1. 4. § 1. The support consists of a one -off premium of 2,000 euros for: 1а The independent corporate person who enjoys the full bridging right for March or April 2020, that he was awarded this decision; 2а the company of which the manager of which is the manager The right to bridge law will enjoy before March or April 2020, that he is awarded the announcement of this decision. 3а the company whose manager is not an independent, if the majority of employees are temporarily unemployed in the context of COVID-19 in March or April 2020 4аde association insofar as the majority of employees in March or April 2020 temporarily unemployed in the context of COVID-19. § 2. The support is only supposed to be constructed once. The support cannot be cumulated with any other premium that has been requested from the COVID-19 crisis in the context of a region, a community or an institution of public utility depends on a of these entities. Department 2. - Procedure for the investigation of the support request files, the allocation and payment of the support art. 5. The applicant submits his support application to BEW via a form that BEW makes available on his website. The application will be submitted by the applicant and must be taken by Bewon on 30 June 2020. The applicant can only submit the applicant. In his application all other under the Regulation or other de-minimis regulations that the company has received in the past two tax years and in the current tax year.. The applicant provides the additional documents and information within twenty days. Submitting this period does not receive an answer, the application is irrevocably refused.art.6. The decision to be granted the support is within three months of the submission of the support request. 7. The support is settled in a single disk on a Belgian bank account number on the name of the beneficiary.art. 8. § 1. The management and check of the applications can, to check or supplement the data specified in the application, the processing of the following categoryыn of personal data: 1а the identification and contact details of de-people who on behalf of the applicants the Submit; 2а the identification, address and contact details of the independent companies Natural person who applies for the premium; 3а the identification data of the independent managers of the applicants; 4а the identification data and data relevant the social security situation of the beneficiaries of the bridging right for March OFAPRIL 5а The identification data and data concerning the work situation of the employees of the companies that request the premium in the context of Article 4, § 1, 3а and 4а; 6аe data on criminal and administrative sanctions and facts of the applicants and the beneficiaries referred to in Article 9, 1а. In the context of the management and control of the applications, Bewit is authorized to use the national register number, in accordance with Article 8, §1, paragraph 3, of the Law of 8 August 1983 regulating a National Register of the Natural Persons .§ 2. Bewaar is the controller for the personal data referred to in § 1. Conscious the personal data, and other data, obtained from the applicant or of another government agency.§ 3The maximum retention period for personal data that is processed on the basis of this provision is three years, except for personal data that might be necessary for the treatment of disputes with the support applicant, during the time required to treat such disputes. - grounds for exclusion. 9. is excluded from the support, or, if necessary, totage payment, the applicant or beneficiary who: 1а A sanction is imposed on the basis of article 10 of the Ministerial Decree of 23 March 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19,-19, or any other regulations that replace or thereby replacing it; 2а does not comply with the prior declaration and registration obligation referred to in Article 4 of the ordinance of 8 May 2014 on the tourist accommodation; 3а not both applicable obligations in the field of environmental, social and employment law; 4аop The moment of submitting the request for support, is in a bankruptcy procedure started for March 2020, is in a state of bankruptcy or of liquidation, his work has stopped, has been declared bankruptcy, submitting a liquidation procedure or in A similar situation is under a similar procedure that exists in other national regulations; 5а deliberately provides incorrect information; 6а is one of the cases as referred to in Article 3, § 1, first paragraph, of the ordinance of 8 October 2015 concerning general rules regarding the deduction, recovery and the recovery and the non-equalization of subsidies in the field of employment and economy, as long as he does not repay the subsidies as referred to in the aforementionedordonnance in accordance with the rules referred to in its Article 4; 7а as an independent, to return the benefits under the right to bridging, in The situations stated in Article 4, § 1, 1а and 2а; 8а has committed an infringement in the context of obtaining temporary unemployment, in the situations stated in Article 4, § 1, 3а and 4а; 9аin the framework of the COVID- 19-crisis has applied for a regional or community premium and meets the conditions for that premium. The beneficiary must during a period of three -year from the date of awarding the aid to the conditions stated in paragraph 1, with the exception of the condition stated in the first paragraph, 4а chapter 4. - check, recovery of the support and sanctions art. 10. The inspectors of the Bewel Diebelast Management Inspection are with the execution of inspection tasks checking the application of this decision and supervision of it. of the decision of the Brussels -Capital Executive of 11 October 2018 on the implementation of the ordinance of 3 May 2018 on the support for the economic development of companies.art. 11. With a view to detecting and setting off infringements on this Decree, the officials referred to in Article 10 have the following powers: 1а grant themselves access to or access all places from which they are on reasonable grounds of are of the opinion that the entry of it is necessary for the fulfillment of their duties, unless it concerns inhabited classrooms that can nevertheless enter after the prior and written permission of the resident; 2а do all use of use, carry out all investigations, checks and investigations and collecting all information They consider it necessary to ensure an actual compliance with the provisions of decisions; 3а question each person about each fact of which its knowledge is useful for the investigation or determination; 4а all information, documents, documents, documents, data files and GE • Formatized carriers of Data La providing that they consider to be required to accomplish their duties and take free copy of this, or take them for free against issuing a receipt; 5а make findings by making image and sound material, regardless of its carrier, and also image material of third parties use, insofar as these persons have lawfully made or obtained this material. 12. The officials referred to in Article 10 The infringements referred to in Article 14, first paragraph, by means of an official report that has evidence of the contrary. A copy of the official report will be transferred to the infringement of infringement within fifteen days. 13The provisions of the ordinance of 8 October 2015 on general rules regarding the deduction, the recovery of the non-compliance with subsidies in the field of employment and economy and the implementing measurement measurement serving applies to the support laid down in this Decree. 14. An administration penalty of 4,000 to 8,000 euros can be imposed on: 1а the natural or legal person who tries to obtain or obtained a deceptive way; 2а the natural or legal player in the context of the support request or the control of the granted support granted false documents or unlawful conservation documents. The provisions of the ordinance of 9 July 2015 containing harmonization rules regarding the administrative fines determined in the Economics of Economics Legislation apply to the administrative fines laid down in the first paragraph, with the exception of article, with the exception of article 3 of that ordinance, with regard to the decisions. Chapter 5. - Final determining art.15. This decision comes into effect on 8 June 2020.Art. 16. The minister is responsible for the implementation of this decision.brussel, 28 May 2020. For the government: the Prime Minister, R.Vervoorte Minister of Economy, a. MaronPublication: 2020-06-03numac: 2020010392Brussels-Capital Region28 May 2020.-Special powers decision of the Brussels-Capital Government N ° 2020/027 on the functioning of the municipal organs in the context of the health crisis covid-19th of the Brussels Capital Region; on Article 39 of the Constitution; Given the ordinance of 19 March 2020 to grant special powers to the Brussels-Capital Government Government in the context of the Health Crisis COVID-19, Article 2, § 1; Having regard to the decision of the Brussels-Capital Government of 22 July 2019 establishing the distribution of the powers between the ministers of the Brussels -Capital Government; in view of the decision of the Brussels -Capital Government of 18 July 2000 in the regulation of its working -on the regulation of the signing of the government's deeds; in view of the proxy decision of the Brussels -Capital Government N ° 2020/003 on the W. erking of the municipal bodies in the framework of the health crisis covid-19; Dikes, in particular the so -called "Social Distance Measures" to which the National Security Council decided on 12 and 17 March 2020, are of the nature that they are every type of activity on the territory of the Brussels -Capital Regional Treats, the proper functioning of the various government services ATTENTING AND SOME SERVICES COLLEMENT, SOUTION OF THE LOCATION GOURDERS; Whereas under Article 2 of the Ordinance Fan 19 March 2020 to grant special powers to the Brussels-Capital Government in the COVID-19 health crisis, the government can take all appropriate measures to, under threat to serious danger, every situation that is a problem to prevent and urgently tackle within the strict framework of the COVID-19 Pandemie and its consequences; whereas a solution must now be found for the functioning of the municipal bodies in order to guarantee the decontinuity of public service; That if that does not happen, there is a risk that their action will be completely paralyzed in times of this pandemic; given the unprecedented health crisis, the Brussels Region and Belgium are confronted in its entirety, and apart from the precautions taken by the defederal government, it cannot be excluded that The municipal councilors will not be able to meet in the city council for longer, either to prevent the distribution of COVID-19TE, either because their state of health would not enable them to do so, it is also not excluded that the mayors have to assume in the very short term police regulations , in particular to prevent damage to the public order from the aforementioned health crisis and therefore take measures that influence any physical meeting with people on their territory; ng of the necessary tasks of the municipalities to guarantee, the powers of the city council, which must be performed urgently, must be exercised by the College of Mayor and Aldermen, for a period of 60 days from 15 May2020; urgency, and therefore the urgent necessity, must justify his actions under this decision; Whereas, if in the event of an extension or worsening of the aforementioned exceptional health conditions, this exceptional measure will be revised or extended; Like this would be applied to a decision of the city council; considered urgency that results from the fact that, despite the current circumstances, municipalities must be able to continue to perform their essential tasks in COVID-19, and that it is therefore of fundamental importance that the new Municipal Act the necessary adjustments to state Henin State to respond quickly to the situations in which they find themselves and take the necessary decisions with the speed and flexibility that are necessary to meet the needs;2020/003 on the operation of the municipal bodies in the context of the health crisis COVID-19, the elaboration of which is on 14 May 2020; Whereas the aforementioned health crisis that introduces the implementation of special measures of the proxy decision of the Brussels-Capital Government No. 2020/003 relevant the effect of the municipal bodies in the context of the health crisis COVID-19 is still the same and it is still uncertain how it is uncertain how it is will evolve; predominantly that it is therefore to apply, in application of the precautionary and legal certainty principle, the provisions of this proxy decision no. 2020/003 to be included in a new proxy decision which includes rules that deviate from the normal functioning of municipal bodies during this crisis period; That if that does not happen, the risk that their operation becomes completely paralyzed in times of this pandemic; predominant, taking into account the special urgency in order to guarantee the continuity of public services, it is advisable to be in accordance with Article 2 of the ordinance 19 March 2020 to gain special powers to the Government urgently to obtain the advice of the Council of State; Government in the COVID-19 health crisis This decision must be confirmed by the Brussels-Capital Parliament; Having regard to the Advice No.67.421/4 of the Council of State, given on 26 May 2020 Met application of Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated head January 12, 1973; On the proposal of the minister charged with the local boards, after -date, decision: Article 1. without compromising the provisions of the articles 133, second paragraph and 134 of the new Municipalities Act, for a period of 60 days, can be made from 15 May 2020, all powers of the city council as adopted in the new Municipalities Act practiced by the Mayor and Aldermen for the continuity of the public service despite the Pandemie of COVID-19 and insofar as the urgency of his action and deding necessity motivated The decisions that the Commission has adopted on the basis of the previous member are transferred weekly for information to the municipal council.art.2. The decisions taken by the mayor and aldermen under Article1 of this Decree are subject to administrative supervision as stipulated in the ordinance of May 13, 1998 containing administrative supervision of the municipalities of the Brussels -Capital Region, including Article 9 10 and must be transferred within the usual period. Provision of the period referred to in Article 1 of this Decree will all decisions taken on the purposes article 1 of this Decree will be subject to the confirmation of a point on the agenda of the sequence of the municipal council afterwards will be kept of this period. In the absence of this, the relevant decisions no longer have an effect.Art. 3. For a period of 60 days from 15 May 2020, the meetings of the city council and the College of Mayor and Aldermen can be held virtually, that is to say via the exchange of e-mail senior via video conference. When the Meeting of the College is on virtual manner takes place, the invitation as well as all documents with regard to the agenda items must be communicated to the members involved electronically at least 24 hours before the meeting. Meeting of the Council or of the College takes place on the basis of an exchange of e-mails, the municipal secretary is responsible for the telephone verification of the authenticity of the e-mails exchanged. He gives in the official report of the meeting that he has carried out this verification. Such a verification should not be carried out when the meeting is held via video conference. The decisions that are taken at a virtual meeting of the council or the college are recorded in the official report, signed by the municipal secretary. The official report states the channel via the which virtual meeting took place. The votes of each member are mentioned in the official report, except when the decision was taken in unanimity.Art. 4The right of the municipal councilors' to ask the Municipal Executive and Aldermen's oral questions, as referred to in Article84bis of the New Municipalities Act, as well as the right to interpell the college about the way in which it exercises its powers, as referred to in Article 84ter of the new The Municipalities Act, is replaced by the right to ask written questions for a period of 60 days, calculating from 15 May 2020.Art. 5. During a period of 60 days, counting from 15 May 2020, article 109 of the new Municipalities Act will be replaced as follows: "Art 109. § 1. The regulations and regulations of the city council and of the Mayor and Schepenen, the announcements , the deeds and the correspondence of the municipality are signed by the mayor and co -signaldoor the secretary. § 2. Contrary to § 1, the city council or the college pans can be delegated to the municipal secretary or more officials the signature of certain correspondence or documents In this case, the decision of the Council or the Board must, on a very accurate way, to determine the matter and type of correspondence or document for which a delegation of signature is given, as well as whom this correspondence and documents may be signed.§ 3. The aforementioned documents may be allowed are placed on every information carrier as the municipality of durable storage and accessibility Gara ndeert. The requirement of a signature is followed by the use of an electronic procedure that guarantees the authenticity and integrity of the data. "Art. 6. This decision comes into effect on 15 May 2020. Art.7. The minister charged with the local boards is responsible for the implementation of this decision.brussel, 28 May 2020. For the government: the Prime Minister of the Brussels-Capital Government, charged with territorial development and urban renewal, tourism, the promotion of the Imagovan Brussels and bicultural affairs of regional importance, r. Vervoorte Minister Vande Brussels -Capital Government, charged with work and vocational training, digitization and local authorities, b. Clerfayt