Publication: 2020-07-01NUMAC: 2020041960Federal Public Service Financial administration for policy expertise and support. - Regulation service. - Agreement for Inlanding Consultation between the competent authorities of France and Belgium with regard to the frontier workers' context of the fight against the distribution of COVID-19 Overweight that France concluded an agreement in mutual consultation on 15 May 2020 (Belgian Official Gazette of 26 May2020, Edition 1, page 37837) Based on Article 24 of the Agreement between France and Belgium of 10 March 1964 to prevent double taxation and regulating mutual administration legal assistance on income taxes, as amended by the Avenanten of 15 February1971, of 8 February 1999 , of December 12, 2008 and from 7 July 2009; the competent authorities of France and Belgium have agreed: 1. The application of the agreement in mutual consultation of 15 May 2020 will be extended until 31 August 2020.2. It has been agreed that for the application of paragraph 7 of the supplementary protocol on frontier workers, which was added to the Constitutional Werd by Article 2 of the Avenant of 12 December 2008, the days on which a frontier worker house remains, until 31 August 2020 will not be included in the number days on which the border zone is abandoned, in application of I) of 7 of the aforementioned protocol. Good-approved by the undersigned authorities on 23 June 2020: For the competent authority of France: Gaëlperreudsous director for the competent authority of Belgium: Piet de Vosadvisor for -Generaalod Finance, BelgiumPublication: 2020-07-06numac: 2020041963federal Public Health Service, Safety of the Food Chain and Environmental Protocol Agreement concluded between the Federal Government and the authorities referred to in Articles 128, 130, 135 and 138 of the Constitution regarding the establishment, organization and financing of Triage -and decrease centers in the context of the management of the COVID -19 Health crisis gesture on the respectors of the federal state and of the governments referred to in Articles 128, 130, 135 and 138 of the Constitution -below -the `communities and regions' or the` called partialities' - with regard to the people's health policy; In view of the respective powers of the federal state and of propagators in the financing and organization of primary health care and hospital care; considered urgent need to adopt care in the context of the management of the COVID-13 crisis to limit the epidemic - to ensure that satisfaction care is available to provide the necessary care to those affected by the disease and to protect health workers as well as possible against the risk of contracting the disease; For health at the federal level and within the communities and regions, in the case of the Interministerial Public Health Conference, the following. Introductory of the COVID-19 Epidemia appeared in mid-March 2020, the federal government and governments of the communities and regions consults consultations committed with representatives of general practitioners and hospitals on Very short-term 'triage centers' to:-a massive non-organized intake of patients who are suspected of being sick to limit the hospital powers, whereby the triage centers have the task of assessing whether or not these patients in the hospital must be admitted (= "triage function");- to general practitioners to offer it to limit it with their patients who are suspected of wearing the virus to telephone contacts by referring to these 'triage centers' for a face-to-to -face medical examination;--in the available personal protective equipment can be concentrated in those places where patients, who may be infected by the virus, can be collected. At the end of the Epidemia, and on the The moment that the resources needed were proved to be sufficient to implement a large -scale screening policy, the triage centers were taxed with an extra assignment, after the decrease of samples at the persons to be screened (= `collection function '). The purpose of this protocol is to give more visibility to the provisions that have been agreed between the federal state and the sharing references regarding the modalities and conditions regarding the operation and finalance of the" Triage and ADRAMENTRA "and also to give an impetus to future agreements in which these centers can be embedded in a future regulatory framework.1. Two functions entrusted to the triage and purchase center. The triage fee service of the triage function is to prevent patients whose situation not a hospital admission requirement, registering to the hospital powder services. This function is intended for patient who have been referred by a general practitioner who has not performed a physical clinical examination and who suspects the symptoms are serious enough In order to justify a hospitalization. A clinical examination is carried out by a general practitioner, possibly assisted by nursing staff. The presence of a doctor is always necessary when the triage function is accessible. As a doctor after a clinical examination is of the opinion that a hospitalization is not necessary can, he can prescribe a test to the patient and carry out it in the triage and decrease center. B.The purchase feature function aims to better meet the needs of the population screening, it must make it possible to take care of the test question catch for e lke person who meets the criteria defined for the tests (1) and that is not included in a residential structure. The decision to test a patient is always taken by the treating (general) doctor, the test must prescribe to the patient before he /She is referred to the triage center. For citizens who do not have a general practitioner, a solution is provided by each general practitioner's circle. Up the reign function of the triage and purchase centers can also be invoked to perform certain tests at the request of the call centers set up in the context of the screening and follow-up strategy Persons who have been in close contact with others who have tested positivelyThese requests have to meet the recommendations approved by the Risk Management Group. In some cases, these requests can relate to asymptomatic persons, including people who have been placed in quarantine vinegar, who have not developed symptoms and who return to their work, causing them to contact risk groups. their patients to hospitalize (or to receive) patients to the triage and purchasing centers, conditions will still be determined after consultation with the general practitioner associations and the hospital umbrella organizations (or other umbrella organizations). The decrease can be carried out:- either by nursing staff or by a Doctor or by other competent health care providers. Defysical presence of a doctor is not mandatory, but the coordinating doctor will always have callable (for example, if a patient has more serious symptoms that require a clinical examination of whether a hospitalization is needed) .2. Accessibility of the triage and drop-off functioniesa. The trio function milk triage and purchase center establishes its triage function at a single location. To guarantee accessibility of the triage functions, the partialtities corresponds to the number of centers that started with at least 1 center shot of 100,000 inhabitants, retained (2). In regions where the number of centers is greater than 1 center per 100,000 inhabitants, the Deeltitieses will take the initiatives they consider useful to merge the centers that are the least inhabitants with a neighboring center. Triage functions organized in close collaboration with the emergency services of the hospitals . To this end, they make the necessary agreements that are requested for the governments. If the need for triage of patients for whom a face-to-face clinical examination is needed to assess the possible need for hospitalization, greatly reduced and the hospital powder service itself can itself be reduced by this position Perform, the triage function of the relevant center may be temporarily 'on hold' on condition of:- an explicit written agreement of one or more hospital powder service (s) that can/can/can take over the triage function- an accurate description of the conditions under which the triage and decrease center It will be asked to activate his triage function new. The triage and purchase center of which the triage function `On Hold 'has been set must be able to reactivate within 48 hours. As long as the triage function will remain active, it must be at least 4 hours a day and every weekday (working days) are accessible. Doors of availability of the triage function become clear from Student and communicated to the GPs The area that falls under the GP circle (s) that coordinate the function. A referral is organized (in a hospital, a waiting post or another triage center) when defunction is not available.b. The Award Function Function can be organized in Different locations on the territory of the circle (s) of general practitioners who organize the medical coordination of the Triage post, and this to increase the accessibility of the decline function. Different organization modes are possible (including mobile teams, Drive, ...). The times when the function is available at the different places where it is organized will be clearly stamped and announced to the GPs in the area and to the call center that taxes with the contact follow -up. At any location where the function becomes organized, this each day of the week will be accessible, with the possibility of referring patients through another location during the weekend (waiting post, different purchase function). The opening hours can be adjusted on the needs of the population and the workload, taking into account the evolution of the epidemic; they will always be at least one week are known in advance.3. Triage and drop-off centers are under the medical coordination of the GP circles placed medical coordination of triage and purchasing centers is entrusted to the GP circles that are recognized on the basis of either:- the Royal Decree of 8 July 2002 for determining the assignments granted to GPskingen-Het Decree of the Flemish Government of 26 June 2015 on the general practitioner circles. The medical coordination of a triage and purchase center can be insured by one general practitioner or a grouping of circlesThis circle (or grouping of circles) takes care of:- coordinating, in collaboration with the hospital powder services, of initiatives to organize the triage function within the territory that covers- coordinating initiatives to organize the purchase function at various locations within the territory that it covers- determining the opening hours of the different places where samples can be taken- further distribution to the different locations that offer the possibility of taking samples, of the protection and test material made available by the federal government; - Coordinating the allocation of staff (doctors, nurses, Technologists laboratory, administrative support, ...) to the various places of steel decrease;- to ensure that the triage and decrease centers comply with all information obligations to the government for qualitative and timely manner. This rich can be implemented in collaboration with a hospital. In this case, in a written agreement between the circle (s) of general practitioners, the hospital stipulates at least who bears the medical responsibility and the administrative responsibility of the triage and purchase center.4. Collaboration between triage and collection centers and laboratories for clinical biology sum to meet the exceptionally high need for test material and steel analysis, a federal platform has been temporarily established in addition to the traditional analysis circuits of the clinical biology. The two circuits are complementary, but are completely independent of each other. Each triage and purchase center is therefore requested either one or the other circuit. A combination of both is not permitted to avoid the risks of double financing. As the federal platform it is chosen, that platform will be responsible for the delivery of test material to the trium and purchase center, collecting the purchased tests, transporting them to its laboratories of the analysis results. The test material made available by the federal platform can under no circumstances be distributed to individual doctors who would then send these tests to a private or hospital laboratory. If the triage and decrease center chists chose to work with a hospital lab or private laboratory, Then this lab will take on the organization for the supply of the test material, for its collection and for the forwarding of deanalysis results. If at a certain point it appears that the initial laboratory can no longer meet the demand for analysis in the required period, in particular because the demand for analysis too Grootis, the triage and purchase center may ask to switch to the 'federal platform' The choice for the "federal platform" from the beginning or at a later time implies that the triage and decrease center from that moment continues to work exclusively with the federal platform as long as the total demand to test and laboratory analysis material the capacity that the traditional (private and private Whether hospital) can offer laboratories. The National Reference Center keeps supervision of the parameters that are necessary to measure whether or not this question exceeds regular capacities.5.CREAMENING and FINANCING OF THE TRIAGE AND ABOUTE CENTRA (general rules) a. Personal protection products with the triage and purchase center of personal protective equipment is organized and funded by the federal government. When distributing the protective equipment takes into account the population that can be operated by the triage and purchase center. A RIZIV intervention is foreseen for the costs that the triage and decrease centers have incurred that certain protective equipment were not available between March 16 and 4 May 2020. Deprecious organization within the Triage Center (eg creating any decentralization for the bias function) has no impact on the delivery of protection material. The triage and purchase center is considered by the government as a whole and is the only point of contact for material to deliver material. The center itself is responsible for the further distribution to its location of the needs. Awarding material materials for making the collection material on triage and purchasing centers depends on the 'laboratory circuit' chosen by the Center: either the federal platform or via a private or hospital laboratory. of the agreements with the federal platform or via the traditional repayment rules of the sickness and disability insurance.cFinancing the start-up costom The activity and time spent of the doctors who have participated in the establishment of the triage and purchase center during the period prior to the opening thereof, taking into account the loss of fees for regular activity, each center receives a maximum amount of EUR 7,230.60 that will be charged by the RIZIV (included in the R to KB No. 20). The amount to be deposited will be recorded through royal decisions will be determined into account the number of inhabitants and the number of participating GPs.d. Financing the medical government federal government comes through the RIZIV between in the financing of the medical coordination of the triage and decrease center, the reimbursement of the doctors and nurses the costs of the administrative support staff. The financing of the trio and reduction centers is regulated in the Royal Decree No. 20: Financing the doctors (Coordinati a clinical investigation), of the nurses and of the administrative support of this activity. For the period from 4 May 2020 (date on which the purchase function was added to the assignments of the triage and purchase centers), a Royal Decree will be drawn up that implements to Article 51 of the KB No. 20 that a flat -rate financing will be provided with the purchase function based on a quota of a maximum of 36 hours/day for the organization of medical activity by doctors and nurses. In function of the needs of the center (coordination, investigations and decreases) assesses the demedic and administrative manager the need for the use of doctors and nurses. For the number of hours of doctor, or a nurse, a fixed allowance will reimburse a rate of 80,34 euros or 47.25 euros per hour. In addition, a flat-rate allowance for the administrative support of 34.96 euros per hour (max. 12 hours per day) is provided. Deprestments of the hospital staff that are made available at the triage and purchase center will not be reimbursed for the double financing that from it will be reimbursed arises. The precise organization within the triage and purchase center (eg creating any decentralization for the deposit function) has no impact on the financing by health insurance. The center is considered a whole and is the only point of contact for the RIZIV.DIT Center Zigne must clearly indicate which the recognized care organization is that is responsible for the operation of the center, as well as the GP (s) that coordinates the center and the number of inhabitants within the region That covers the center.e. Intervention for the operating costs what the reimbursement of the operating costs concerns: each partentity establishes the conditions under which the oncoming costs of these centers are applied. The following general principles are applied:- Costs that are already reimbursed by a government cannot be charged; this; For example, applies to a number of operating costs of waiting items and hospitals if they make infrastructure or equipment available to the triage and decrease centers; - costs for protection material not be charged, for the federal government is made available;- no costs for computer science licenses may be imposed on the triage and purchasing centers in the framework of their obligations to register and to communicate with the clinical biology laboratories; In order to meet these obligations, free IT solutions will therefore be made available;- costs for use and maintenance of buildings of local open-up authorities will be charged from these public authorities on the basis of ad hoc consultation; Basis of these principles will determine each partentity the rules according to which it intervenes in the work costs of the triage and purchasing centers. If appropriate, a distinction is made between the period from 16 March to 3 May 2020 and the period that starts on 4 May, date on which the reduction function in the centers started. The principles and orientations adopted by the different part of entities are described below .6. Supply and financing of the triage and decrease centers (specific rules per sharing) a. In Flanders, Flemish Government Wil was committed to both the costs for the infrastructure, energy and utilities and non-medical enforcement costs via a fixed sumHowever, this package will not provide any coverage: -the personnel costs covered by the RIZIV personal protective equipment for which the federal government is responsible-amounts set by local authorities before 4 May 2020 in connection with IT licenses for the processing of the processing of the processing of the processing of the processing of The data in connection with ADMENTE Laboratory analyzes. The flat-rate intervention of the Flemish Government will be accompanied by measures to comply with the following principles- reduction in the number of triageing functions under closure or merger to 1/100,000 (approximately one per first-line zone)- installation of decentra in Sustainable locations Due to the processing of synergies between hospitals, waiting posts, local authorities and provinces organization of the centers, the organizational home doctors' government is approved always approves the locations with regard to the opening and closures is kept informed i.v.m. The satellite- no double financing provides (if federal financing is provided for infrastructure, eg via hospital or waiting post financing, then no financing will be provided from Flanders) .b. In Walloniëdewaalse Government undertakes to support the organization of the centers by intervening in the costs that are not covered by other authorities or other means, in terms of infrastructure, energy, public utilities and non-medical operating costs. EchtenGeen relate to:- the personnel costs covered by the RIZIV- personal protection products for which the federal government is responsible- amounts to any costs for the processing of data in connection with the purchase before 4 May 2020. samples and analysis result. The intervention of Wallonia will be accompanied by measures to meet the following principles: -the establishment of the centers at sustainable locations by creating synergies between hospitals, waiting posts, local authorities and provinces- an approval by the GPRENCRING ( and) over the organization of the centers prior approval by the Walloon government of the decision-making sites to open and close and to close information about what will happen with regard to the antennas- no double financing is planned (if a federal financing is already planned for infrastructure, for example via hospital - or guard item financing, there will be no financing from Wallonia) .c.c.c. in Brussels what the common community committee concerns, the means that are necessary to cover the operating costs of the triage and fall centers will be determined on the basis of the general plan "test and Triage strategy "that COCOM has been drawn up by COCOM in consultation with the FAMGB/FBHAV and the Hospital umbrella. .D. In the German-speaking community-speaking community, triage and collection centers and hospitals supports the subsidy of infrastructure projects and rehabilitation works and by supporting the purchase of medical and not-medical materials. The triage and purchasing centers are in contact with representative of the German-speaking community. In this way, their questions and needs can be treated quickly. The fellowship also responds to any urgent requests for material from the triage and afterdook centers (in addition to the support of the federal government). For a decrease in the triage and decrease center or at home are taken, the German -speaking community offers logistical support to the centers. The staff of various institutions of the German -speaking community supports temporary staff of the centers.7. Monitoring of the triage and decrease centers The role of triage and decrease centers is part of a chain of actions that both the curative aspect (care for infected patients) and the preventive aspect (detection of people who have carefully contact with infected patients, etc. ) includes the system as a whole running well, but also to facilitate administrative work at the level of triage and decrease centers, will all information required for the financing of the triage centers for the delivery of protection Whether test material or information about the accessibility of the centers, which must be available for the referring GPs and the call center responsible for the investigation of contacts, are centralized in a unique database that is made available by the federal governmentThe triage and drop-off centers are responsible for the timely and qualitative communication of data in this database, with regard to:- the GP circle (s) that takes care of the medical coordination of the center (care)- the persons responsible for the center on medical and administrative flat and for the delivery of material- the choices are made with regard to the location of their triage and purchase functions and their opening hours; delivered daily;- the daily retrieval and collection activity, with the exception of data relating to the purchase function that would be available elsewhere (inter alia in the sciensano database). The absence of sufficient information in the central database will lead to an interruption of deliveries of (protection or purchase) material to the centers involved n to interrupting its financing by the riziv.the decisions of the centers to open or close a location that assigned to the purchase function is (on the understanding that the purchase function is at least at least at one location), as well as the decision to their to put or reactivate triage function `On Hold ', the object must be decided to make a prior consultation with the partentity to which the center belongs. This consultation must enable the partiality to pay its commitments regarding the financing of the operating costs of the triage and decrease centers after to come, but also to fulfill his role in guaranteeing the accessibility of the triage and purchasing functions in his entire territory. All information that is collected in the central database, will be accessible to both the federal government as well as the partials. Including those who relate to the test circuit and which are registered b IJ Sciensano - must enable the federal government and governments of the Deeltitieses to follow the patient flows in the context of the two functions that are entrusted to the triage and purchasing centers in relation to the activity within the hospitals and the activity of other primary care providers.8. Future regulatory framework for the organization of supporting structures and of the triage and purchasing centers, the federal government and the sharing transitions are committed to working together by 30 June 2020 of the elements of a suitable regulatory framework for a standardized approach with regard to support structures in the context of a pandemic or a situation with a similar impact in terms of care provision and the control of the crisis. In this framework will be determined - of course - in line with the modalities in this protocol - how these temporary structures are activated and recognized, who who on the site will be responsible for the rollout of such tough structures (general practitioner circles), which geographical area will operate the structure, which functions are offered, how the data flows will run, which allowances will be granted, to which quality requirements the involved structures must be satisfactory. A regulation is worked out to be the implementation of the functions within these structures can be made enforceable, also with regard to the availability of personnel. In addition, the rolls of the federal government and the federated entities will be clearly identified, with respect of the applicable Distribution of competence. Entrance this regulation comes into effect on 20 May 2020, date on which the Interministerial Conference Health has approved the Protocol Agreement. For the Federal State: m. De Block, Minister of Social Subjects and Public Health, and of Asylum and Migration Poor The Flemish Community and the Flemish Region: W. Beke, Flemish Minister for Welfare, Public Health, Family and Poverty Reduction.pourla Région Wallonne: c. Morreale, vice-présidente et ministre de l'Emploi, de la formation, de la santé, the l'Action social, the l'Egalité des chances et des drits des femmespour lacommuné française: b. Linard, vice-présidente et ministre de l'Enfance, the lasanté, de la culture, des médias et des drits des femmesv. Glatigny, Ministre Del'ENSENSEIGERNement Supérieur, De L'Enseiggement de la Promotion Social, des Hôpitaux Universitaires, del'aide à la Jeunesse, des Maisons de Justice, de la Jeunesse, des Sports et de Bruxellesvoorde Common community commission of Brussels- Capital: A. Maron, Membredu Collège Réuni de la Community Community, Chargé de la Santé et Action SocialeVan den Brandt, member of the United College of the Common Community Commission, charged with Health and Welfare Pour Le Collège de la Community Française Debruxelles-Capital: A..sciensano.be/Sites/Default/Files/COVID19/COVID-19_Case%20Definition_Testing_nl.pdf 2 In March 2020, 152 centers were registered by the RIZIV: 12 in Brussels, 94 in Flanders, 44 in Wallonia and 2 in German-language community.Publication: 2020-07-01numac: 20200419666federal Public Service Finance23 June 2020.-Act containing tax provisions to promote the liquidity and solvency of companies in the context of combating the economic consequences of the COVID-19 Pandemie (1) Filip, Filip, King of the Belgians, to all who are now and will be committed to hereafter, has accepted the Chamber of Representatives and we ratify, which follows: Chapter 1. - General provision article 1. This law regulates a matter in Article 74 of the Constitution. Chapter 2. - Exemption for future professional loss -losing by taxpayers who are subject to the personal income tax or the tax non -resident/natural persons art. 2. Article 25 of the Code of Income Taxes 1992, most recently amended by the law of 25 December 2017, is supplemented with a provision under 7а, reading: "7а For the tax year 2021: an amount equal to the exemption that in accordance with Article 67sexies for the 2020 assessment year Was asked. ". Art. 3. In Title II, Chapter II, Section IV, Subdoor Department, B, of the same Code, an Article 25/1 is inserted, reading: "Art. 25/1. When the amount of the profit for the taxable era is linked to the tax year 2021 The income referred to in Article25, 7 and the amount of the profit after deduction of the professional costs is positive, the total tax for that taxable era is plus the amount that is obtained through the basis of the second paragraph specified in accordance with the third paragraph in accordance with the second paragraph to fit certain tariff. The increase is calculated on the amount of the profit after deduction of the professional costs, less 10 pCt. Of the positive difference between the income referred to in Article 25, 7, and the amount of the profit after the deduction of the Professional costs. The amount thus certain amount cannot be more of the amount of the income referred to in Article 25, 7. The rate referred to in the first paragraph is equal to 9 pCt. Multiplied by a break of which the counter is equal to the amount stated in the first paragraph and the denominator is equal to the income referred to in Article 25, 7а, reduced by the first paragraph. The fracture cannot be more than 2 and is equal to 2 when the income referred to in Article 25, 7а, is equal to whether it is smaller than the current -position amount in the first paragraph. The rate thus determined is completed on the higher or lower second decimal lengths for the figure of the third decimal or not reached. ". Art. 4. Article 27, second member of the same Code, most recently amended by the law of 27 March 2017, is supplemented with a determination under 7а, reading: "7а for the tax year 2021: an amount equal to the exemption that was requested in accordance with Article 67sexies for the tax year 2020.". Art. 5. In Titleii, Chapter II, Section IV, Subsection I, Subsection I, C, of ​​the same Code, an Article 27/1 is inserted, reading: "Art. 27/1. If the amount of the benefits for the taxable era with the tax year 2021 includes the income referred to in Article 27, second paragraph, 7а, and the amount of the benefits after deduction of the professional costs is positive, the total tax for that taxable era is reduced by the amount that is obtained by applying the rate specified in accordance with the second paragraph in accordance with the second paragraph. From the positive differences between the income referred to in Article 27, second paragraph, 7а, and the amount of the benefits after the deduction of professional costs. The amount thus certain amount can not exceed the income referred to in Article 27, second paragraph, 7а. The rate referred to in the first paragraph is equal to 9 pCt. multiplied by a fracture whose counter is equal to the positive amount stated in the first paragraph and the income is the income referred to in Article 27, second paragraph, 7а, reduced by the positive amount referred to in the first paragraph. The break can not exceed 2 and is equal to 2 if it is referred to in Article27, second paragraph, 7а, the income referred to or is smaller than the position amount stated in the first paragraph. The rate thus determined is completed on the higher or lower second decimal according to the figure of the third decimal, whether or not 5. ". Art. 6. In Article 33bis, of the same code, inserted on the Program Act of 24 December 2002, the words are the words "As well as the income referred to in Articles25, 7а and 27, second paragraph, 7а," inserted between the words "that are loaded separately" and the words "disregarded" .Art. 7In Article 51, first paragraph, of the same code, replaced by the law of 26 March 2018 and amended by the law of 7 April 2019, the words ", the income referred to in Articles 25, 7, second paragraph, 7а, "Inserted between the words" reimbursements referred to in Article 31ter "and the words" and reimbursements obtained into full or partial repair ".Art. 8. In Title II, Chapter II, Section IV, Subsection III, B, of the same code, a 1а sexies is inserted: "1а Sexies. - Exemption for future losses" .Art.9. In Title II, Chapter II, Section IV, Subsection III, B, 1а Sexies, of the same Code, inserted by Article 8, an Article 67sexies is inserted, reading: "Art. 67sexies. § 1. The profit and benefits of the taxable era that is connected to the tax year 2020 can be partially exempted in part because of any losses that are suffered during the course of the taxable era connected to the tax year 2021. The maximum amount of the exemption referred to in the first member is equal to the gross amount of profit or benefits of Belgian origin in the taxable era were obtained or obtained, the reimbursements for complete or partial repair of a temporary loss of profit or benefits and the income in Article 27, second paragraph, 5а and 6а, with the exception of the professional costs on that income relate.§ 2. The taxpayer applies for the exemption referred to in paragraph 1 in a form of which the form And the content as well as the period within which it must be submitted by the king. The application includes the accountability of the amount of the requested exemption. The application is final and irrevocable. § 3. The taxpayer who applies for the exemption intended in this article undertakes not to make use of the flat -rate principles of assessment as referred to in Article 342, § 1, second paragraph for the taxable era 2021. This commitment is included in the form in the second paragraph. § 4. This article does not apply to companies that could be regarded as a company in difficulties on March 15, 2020. ". Art. 10. In Article175 of the same Code, amended by the laws of 20 December 1995, 8 May 2014, the Program of 10 August 2015, and the laws of March 26, 2018, 11 February 2019 and 7 April 2019, the words "25/1, 27/1" are inserted between the words "in the articles" and the words "31ter, § 2, 1457, §2, ".Art. 11. In Title III, Chapter II, Section IV, Subsection II, of the same Code, an Article 200/1 is inserted, reading:" Art. 200/1. Article 67sexies does not apply. ". Art.12. In Article 243, third paragraph, of the same Code, replaced by the law of 25 December 2017 and amended by the laws of 18 February 2018, 11 February 2019 and 7 April 2019, The following changes made: 1а In the introductory sense, the words "25/1, 27/1," are inserted between the words "the articles" and the words "31ter, § 2, 126 to 129"; 2а in the provision under 5а argues the words "25/1, 27/1," inserted between the words "for the application of the articles" and the words "31ter, § 2, 1457, § 2,". Art. 13. in Article 243/1, of The same code, inserted by the law of 8 May 2014 and amended by the Program Act of 10 August 2015, and the laws of December 25, 2016, December 25, 2017, 18 February 2018, 11 March 2018, 26 March 2018, 11februari 2019 and 7 April 2019 will be The following changes made: 1а In the introductory mean, the words "25/1, 27/1," are inserted between the words "in accordance with the articles" and the words "31ter, § 2, 130 to 14516,"; 2а In the provision under 4а, the words "25/1,27/1," inserted between the words "for the application of the articles" and the words "are 31ter, §2, 1457, § 2, ". Art. 14. In Article 245, first paragraph, 1а, of the same code, replaced by the law of 8 May 2014 and amended by the Program Act of 10 August 2015, and the laws of 26mart 2018, 11 February 2019 and 7 April 2019, will be in the Determination under the first line the words "25/1, 27/1," inserted between the words "vѓѓr the application of the in the articles" and the words "31ter, § 2, 1457, § 2," .Art. 15. In Article 290, second paragraph, of the same Code, replaced by the law of 8 May 2014 and amended by the Program Act of 10 August 2015, and the laws of 26 March 2018, 11 February 2019 and 7 April 2019, will be the words " 25/1, 27/1, "Inserted between words" raised with the words "and the words" 31ter, § 2, 1457, § 2, ". Art.16In Article 294, second paragraph, 2а, of the same Code, inserted by the law of 8 May 2014 and amended by the Program Act of 10 August 2015, the laws of 26 March 2018, 11 February 2019 and 7 April 2019, the following changes will be made : 1а In the first line, the words "25/1,27/1," are inserted between the words "raised with the words" and the words "31ter, §2, 14526, § 5,"; 2а in the second line, the words "25/1, 27/1" are inserted the words "raised with the words" 31ter, § 2, 1457, §2, ". Chapter 3. - exemption to strengthen the Solvency and equity of the companies as a result of the COVID-19 PandemieArt. 17. Article 185 of the 1992 Income Tax Code, last amended by the law of 17 March 2019, is supplemented immediately paragraph 5, reading: "§ 5. If in application of Article 194septies/1, §4, the amount of the in that The article referred to is added to the amount of the Taxate Served profit, without prejudice to this addition, the taxable basis additionally increased with an amount formed by the rate referred to in paragraph 2 or sixth paragraphs on the amount of this reserve. the case Article 215, second paragraph, applies for the taxable era in which the reserve server exempt in Article 194septies/1, § 1, for the taxable era in which this reserve is taken back is the rate of this increase between the difference between The percentage that is obtained after the application of the following ratio and 100 pCt. This ratio is determined by: a) in the counter, the amount A to be reduced by the amount B:- whereby the amount A is the same amount that is obtained by the rate referred to in Article 215, where appropriate, increased with the additional crisis contribution referred to in Article 463bis, which applied to the taxable era where the In Article 194septies/1, § 1, the exempt reserve referred to was installed, to the taxable income c;- whereby the amount B is equal to the amount that is included in Article 215, where appropriate, increased by the in Article 463bis intended for additional crisis contribution, which applied to the taxable era in which the exempt reserve exempt in Article194septies/1, § 1, was installed on taxable income D; where taxable income C is equal to the taxable income that was stamped in the taxable era in which the freedom reserve referred to in Article 194septies/1, § 1, with the released reserve referred to in Article 194septies/1, § 1, where the taxable income D is equal to the taxable income that was determined the taxable era in which the exempt reservewerd referred to in Article 194septies/1, § 1, b; b; ) in the heading, the amount e to reduce the amount f:- where the amount e is equal to the amount that is obtained by the rate referred to in Article 215, increased by the additional crisis contribution referred to in Article 463bis, applicable is in the taxable era in which the exempt reserve is taken back in Article 194septies/1, § 1, to apply to the taxable income g;- whereby the amount f is equal to the amount that is obtained by the rate referred to in Article 215, in appropriate increased with the additional crisis contribution referred to in Article 463bis, which applies to the tax period in which the in Article 194septies/1, § 1, BE referred to exempt reserve is taken back, to apply to the taxable income h;- whereby the taxable income G is equal to taxable income that is determined in the taxable era in which the exempt reserve referred to in Article 194septies/1, § 1, is taken back, reduced the increase in the implementation of this section;- whereby the taxable income h is equal to the taxable routes that are set in the taxable era in which the exempt reserve referred to in Article 194septies/1, §1 is taken back, in succession the in Implementation of this section established increase and the exempt reserve that is taken back in application of Article 194septies/1, § 4, for the provision of the ratio of the ratio the taxable income that is set in the taxable era in which the in Article 194septies /1, § 1, exempt reserve referred to is taken back not low r are then the sum of the increase in implementation of this paragraph and the exempt reserve that is taken back in application of Article 194septies/1, § 4,The rate determined in accordance with the second paragraph is completed on the higher or lower second decimal depending on whether or not the figure of the third decimal reaches. In the event that the second paragraph does not apply, the rate is: -14.91 pCt. In the event that the taxable era in which the reserve referred to in Article 194septies/1, § 1, was constructed, started before 1 January 2018 and the taxable era where the reserve is taken back has started on or after January 1, 2018;- 0 pCt. In the case of the taxable era in which the exempt spare yard referred to in Article 194septies/1, § 1, started on or after 1 January 2018 and the taxable era in which the reserve is started before 1 January 2020;- 18.32 pCt. In the event that the taxable era in which the exempt reserve referred to in Article 194septies/1, § 1, was laid out, started for 1 January 2020 and the taxable era in which the reserve is taken back has been committed to Opof after January 1, 2020. ". Art. 18." In Title III, Chapter II, Section II, of the same Code, an Article 185quinquies is inserted, reading: "Art. 185quinquies. The article 25, 7а, does not apply. "Art. 19. In Title III, Chapter II, Section III, of the same Code, a subsection VIII is inserted, reading:" Subsection VIII. Exemption for strengthening the solvency and equity of the companies as a result of the COVID-19 Pandemie. ". Art.20. In Title III, Chapter II, Section III, Subsection VIII, of the same Code, inserted by article 19, is one Article 194septies/1 inserted, reading: "Art. 194septies/1. §1. For the 2019, 2020 or 2021 assessment year, which is related to a financial year concluded between 19 March 2019 to 31 December 2020, a company can claim the temporary exemption from the whole or part of the result of the taxable era due to possible losing suffered in the course of the next taxable era that is connected to, according to the case the assessment year 2020, 2021 or 2022, within the determined boundaries and conditions. The exemption referred to is granted by the formation of a temporary freedom reserve Deductors will be deducted from the total amount of the taxable reserved profit of the taxable era that will be concluded in the period from 13 March 2019 to 31 December 2020. The time exempt reserve may only be taxable in the Periodevan 13 March 2019 to 31 December 2020 are formed. § 2. The amount of the exemption referred to in paragraph1 may not exceed:- the amount of the result of the tax barging era, determined as if the exemption referred to in this article was not requested, and reducing the in accordance with Articles 202 to 205/1 and 543 deductible income that was obtained in the course of the taxable era;- 20 million euros. § 3. The exemption referred to in paragraph1 does not apply to the companies that have a purchasing of its own shares or a allocation or benefit of dividends during the period of 12 March2020 to the day of submitting the declaration 2021 referred to in Article 18, including the payment of liquidation reserves as referred to in Articles 184quater EN 541, or a capital reduction with the capital reduction as referred to in Article 537, or any other reduction or distribution of equityThis regulation also does not apply to the corporation who during the taxable era associated with the assessment year in which claim is claimed on the exemption referred to in paragraph 1, included in the scope of the following provisions: 1а Investment companies referred to in Articles 15 and 271/10 of the Act of 3 August 2012 on the Collective Investment Institutions that comply with the Terms and Conditions of Directive 2009/65/EC and the Investments for Investations in claims, the investment company intended in Articles 190, 195, 285, 288 and 298 of the Law of 19 April 2014 on the alternative institutions for collective investment and their managers, the regulated real estate companies, as well as the organisms for the financing of pensions referred to in Article 8 of the Act of 27 October2006 on the supervision of the business pension provision institutions; 2а de Co labor patchageat IVENDRAKS, in application of the law of 22 May 2001 on the employee participation in the capital of the companies and establishing a profit premium for employees; 3аde sea shipping companies that are subject to income tax with due observance of Articles 115 to 120 or of Article 124 of the Program Act of 2 August 2002. This regulation does not apply to the companies that could be regarded on March 18, 2020, a company in difficulties. the day of submitting the declaration was connected to the tax year 2021, or:- a direct participation in a company established in a state that is included on the lists referred to in Article 307, § 1/2, or a state that is included in the list in Article 179, KB/WIB92; whether- have made payments to companies that are established in the states referred to in the most strip, insofar as these payments in the course of the taxable era form a total amount of at least 100,000 euros, and it was not demonstrated that these payments were made The framework of actual and sincere transactions that are the result of legitimate finance leof economic needs. § 4. The total exempt amount in application of paragraph 1 is added to the amount of the taxed reserved profit at the end of the tax period that follows the taxable era referred to in paragraph 1, second paragraph. §5. In the event of an exemption on the basis of this article, the taxpayer must add a statement of which the model, the model of which the model is for the tax years 2019 and 2020, or for the assessment years 2021 and 2021, or for the assessment years 2021 and 2022, The king is laid down by the king or, if the declaration with regard to щщN or more of this assessment years has already been submitted the moment of the entry into force of this article, this statement together with the declaration in an up -in -law on November 30, 2020, in accordance with the further rules determined by the King. ".Art.21. In Article 194octions of the same Code, inserted by the law of 26 March 2018 and amended Bij de Law of 30 July 2018, the words" and 64ter "are" replaced by the words ", 64ter and 67sexies" .Art. 22. In Title III, Chapter III, Section II, of the same Code, the article 219ter, annulled by judgment no. 24/2018 of the Constitutional Court, is restored as follows: "Art. 219ter. §1. For the taxable era in which the exempt form of exempt in Article 194septies/1, § 1, is taxable in accordance with paragraph 4 of the same article, a separate assessment is established, the basis of which is determined in accordance with paragraph 2 and the rate in accordance with paragraph3. § 2. The basis of the individual assessment is formed by multiplying the rate of corporation tax referred to in Article 215, first paragraph, with the amount of profit described in the second paragraph that is reduced by 10 pCt. of the loss that would have been suffered without the return of the reserve referred to in Article 194septies/1, § 1, and of which the amount is determined by the exempt amount referred to in Article 194septies/1, § 1, which in accordance with Article 194septies/1, § 4, taxable, plus the amount referred to in Article 185, § 5, and to reduce it with the amount described in accordance with the second member of the profitThe amount of the profit referred to in this paragraph is formed by the positive result of the taxable era in which the exempt amount referred to in Article 194septies/1, § 1, in application of Article 194septies/1, § 4, is taxable to reduce the In accordance with Articles 202 to 205/1 and 543, the deductible income referred to that were obtained during the taxable era. The amount in the second member can not exceed the exempt amount referred to in Article 194septies/1, § 1, in accordance with Article 194septies/ 1, § 4, is taxable. The determination of the basis referred to in this paragraph may not be lower than 0. § 3. The rate of this separate assessment is at least 2 pCt., And at most 40 pCt and is determined by 20 pCt. to multiply by the factor set in accordance with the second member. The factor referred to in this paragraph is determined by the ratio of which the amount of the profit referred to in paragraph 2, second paragraph, is included in the counter and in the name the amount formed by the amount A successively plus the amount B and reduce by the amount C:- where the amount A is equal to the exempt amount referred to in Article194septies/1, § 1, which is taxable in accordance with Article 194septies/1, §4; where the amount B is equal to the amount;- in which the amount C is referred to in Article 185, §5, whereby the amount of the profit referred to in paragraph 2, second paragraph, is rounded off. Lower second decimal depending on the figure of the third decimal or not reached. It is then the exempt amount referred to in Article 194septies/1, § 1, which is taxable in accordance with Article 194septies/1, § 4, plus the amount referred to in Article 185, § 5, the rate of this individual assessment is equal to 40 pCt. ". Art. 23. Article 233, Derdelid, of the same Code of the law of 13 April 2019, will be restored as follows: "In addition, a separate assessment is established in accordance with the rules provided for in Article 219ter.". Art.24. In Article 235, 2а, of the same code, most recently amended by the law of December 25, 2017, the words "185, § 2, 185quater" are replaced by the words "185, § 2 and §5, 185quater, 185quinquies" .Art . 25. Article 246, first paragraph, of the same code, last -amended by the law of 30 July 2018, is supplemented by a provision under 4 а, reading: "4аde separate assessment referred to in Article 233, third paragraph, is calculated according to the rules of Article219ter. ". Art. 26. In the event of merger, and transaction equivalent to a merger as referred to in Article 2, § 1, 6а /1 of the same code that meets the conditions referred to in Article 211, §1, fourth paragraph, of the same Code, the in Article 194septies/1 of the same Code of the reserve referred to was deemed to have been taken over by the acquiring or acquiring company, as a result of which the provisions of this chapter apply to this acquiring or acquiring company as if it had installed the reserve referred to in Article 194septies/1 of the same Code. In case of split and transaction equated with a split as referred to in Article 2, §1, 6а /1 of the same code that meets the conditions referred to in Article 211, § 1, fourth paragraph, of the same Code of Code, the reserve referred to in the first paragraph will be reserve divided in accordance with the change in the change in Article 211, § 1, second and third paragraph of the same Code, and are the provisions of this chapter on this V Property or acquiring company applicable as if it itself applies it to this company assigned part of the reservehad referred to in Article 194septies/1 of the same Code. 27. Any change that will be made to the closing date of the book year from 15 May 2020 will remain without elaboration for the application of the provisions inserted in this chapter in the Code of Income Taxes 1992 and of Article 26 of this Act. recommend that she will be held with the country's seal and will be announced by the Belgian Official Gazette. Given in Brussels, 23 June 2020.Filipvanningsweight: The Vice-first minister and Minister of Finiыn, a. The Croomet's country seal sealed: the Minister of Justice, k. Geens _______ Note (1) Chamber of representatives (www.dekamer.be) Pieces: K55-1309.integral report: 18 June 2020.