Publication: 2020-05-04numac: 2020040967brussels-Capital Region12 March 2020.-Decision of the Brussels-Capital Government to designate the members of the selection committee for the allocation of a mandate of deputy director/director-general (A4+) in the regional government service Brussels taxation in the French -speaking language -speaking Brussels -capital government, in view of the special law of 12 January 1989 with regard to the Brussels institutions, in particular Article 40; Having regard to the decision of the Brussels -capital government of 21 March 2018 on the administrative status and the remuneration scheme of the officials Of the regional government services of Brussels, in particular Article 446; predominantly the allocation of a mandate relationship of Deputy Director/Director General (A4+) in the regional government service Brussels Taxation in the French-speaking language role is needed, the members of a selection committee is at in view of the agreement of the Minister of Budget; in view of the fact that Mr. Miguel de Jonckheere (NL) has an expertise on tax law Alprof. Dr. Public Law in the Fiscal Law department. Held on the fact that Mrs. Valerverzele (FR) has expertise on mobility and general management in the public sector, in particular as director-general at the FPS mobility and transportation. Christineberwaerts (NL) has extensive experience with selection and human resources management mainly in deprivésector. Held on the fact that Mr. Alexandre De Munck (FR) has an expertise tax as a legal consultant with regard to tax law. Jean-Paul Gailly (FR, legally bilingual) has great experience in the domain of management in the public sector, given his experience as director-general at the Brussels Public Prosecutor's Government Service for 5 years and as Director-General of Mobility and Road Safety Bij de Federal Public Service Mobility and transport for 11 years. On the recommendation of the minister, after deliberation success, Decree: Article 1. are designated as members of the selection committee for the allocation of a relation to Deputy Director/Director General (A4+) at the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation in the French language role: 1.mijnheer Miguel De Jonckheere (NL) 2. Mrs. Valerie Verzele (FR) 3. Mrs. Christineberwaerts (NL) 4. Mr Alexandre de Munck (FR) 5. Mr Jean-Paul Gailly (FR, legally bilingual) that Mr. Jean-Paul Gailly is appointed as chairman of the selection committee for the allocation of the relation of Deputy Director/Director General (A4+) in the Brussels Fiscity Regulation Service in the French-speaking language role. Art. 2. The Minister competent for the public office is charged with the implementation of this decision. 3. This Decree works the day on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. Brussels, 12 March2020. For the Brussels -Capital Government: r. Vervoort, Prime Minister of the Brussels-Capital Government, competent for territorial development and urban renewal, tourism, the promotion of the image of Brussels and bicultural affairs of Regional, Interest.gatz, minister competent for public office