Publication: 2020-06-03numac: 2020041538federal Public Service Policy and Support27 May 2020. - circular letter no. 682 - Guidelines in the context of the special measures for the staff members of the Federal Public Office with a runway agreement in the context of the health crisis as a result of The COVID-19 ARE COVID-19 ARE Federal Public Services and the Dievan Services, the Ministry of Defense and the Institutions of Public Utility that belong to the Federal Administrative Public Official office as determined in Article 1 of the Act of 22 July 1993 containing provision measures on official cases. Dear colleagues, Dear Madam, Dearer, whereas the comparative recruitment selections were suspended during the Periodevan March 18, 2020 to 24 May 2020 as a result of the health crisis. Whereas organizing these selections in particular means that a staff member with a starting track agreement ("rosetta contract") whose agreement is due to his age cannot be admitted to the internship or no employment contract in application of the Royal Decree of 25April 2005 establishing the conditions for the employment contract in some government services if he succeeds for the comparative selection. Whereas it follows that the employment relationship with the staff member with a rosetta contract in this case would automatically have to end. who have reached the age of 26 in the first quarter of 2020 or will reach this age of 26 in the course of the second quarter of 2020 can get an employment contract of a maximum duration of a maximum of 3 months that can be renewed once, even if they are not comply with the condition referred to in Article 2, 4 ° of the aforementioned Royal Decree of 25 April 2005, insofar as:-the agreement is concluded in the same job as it is exercised in the context of the previous Rosetta contract and under the same conditions; -concluding the agreement to an exceptional and temporary personnel needs or to a sitting/specific task. An employment contract for a fixed duration can no matter any circumstances give rise to an employment contract for indefinite duration. This circular letter applies without prejudice to the provisions with regard to the Administrative Budget Control. The Minister of Civil Servants, d. Clarin trapPublication: 2020-06-04Numac: 2020041551federal Public Service Home Affairs 30 May 2020.-Ministerial Decree amending the Ministerial Decree of 23 March 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19. - German translation The following text is the German translation of the Ministerial Decree of 30 May 2020 amending the Ministerial Decree of 23 March 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (Belgian Official Gazette of 30 May 2020). was drawn up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.Föderaleröffentlicher Service Inneres30. MAI 2020 - Ministeryller Erlass Zur Abänderung des Ministerialian Lasses vom 23. März 2020 Zur Festlegung von Dringlichkeitsmaßnahmen Zur Eindämmung der Ausbreitungdes Coronavirus Covid -13der of the Sichherheit, ü, Afgrund's, Afgrund's, Afgrund's ü Buferggrund's ü Buftgrund's ü Buftgrund's ü Buferggrund's ü Bugggrund's ü Buferggrund's ü Buferggrund's ü Buferggrund's ü Buferggrund's ü Buferggrund's ü Buferggrund's ü Buferggrund's übufgrund's éfgrundggrund, the Subiberggrund's éfgrond dES Gesetzes vom 5. August1992 über das Polizeiamt, of Article 11 und 42; Aufgrund des Gesetzes vom 15. Mai 2007 überdie Zivile Sicherheit, of Article 181, 182 und 187; Aufgrund des Ministerialles Vom23. März 2020 Zur Festlegung von Dringlichkeitsmaßnahmen Zur Eindämmung der Ausbreitung des Coronaviruscovid-19; Aufgrund von Article 8 § 2 Nr. 1 und 2 des Gesetzes vom 15. Dezember 2013 zurFestlegung verschiedener Bestimmungen in Sachen administrative Vereinfachung ist vorliegender Erlassvon der Auswirkungsanalyse beim Erlass von Vorschriften befreit;Aufgrund der Stellungnahmedes Finanzinspektors vom 29. Mai 2020;Aufgrund der am 29. Mai 2020 abgegebenen Stellungnahmeder Minister, die im Rat Darüber Beraten Haben; Aufgrund der am 12. January 1973 Cordinators Gesetze über the Staatsrat, of the articles 3 § 1 Absatz 1; Aufgrund der Dringlichkeit, which es nicht Zuld, Das Gutachts of the Staatsbungsabeilung of the Staatrates Vasteilung vinerbungsabeilung vinerbungsabeilung vinerbungsabeilung Vaster Valler Valler Valler Valler Valler Valler Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung, Real Verkon Valleilung, Valler Bungsbung Aufgrund der Sehr Schnellen Entwellung der Lage in Belgienund den Angienund Staaten, und Aufgrund der Notwendigerkeit, Maßnahmen zu Erwägen, who Sich Aufepidemiological Erbisme Stützen, who sich tag für Tagene SitiStiedt.tufted doughgan's situftedief Dujerer's situfted doughy's situfted doughy's situgerfickeln's situfted doughy's situgerfickeln's situfted doughyer's situger, Beschlossen and maß NAHMEN CORTERFERTIGTHABEN; dass es daher dringend erforderlich ist, bestimmte Maßnahmen zu erneuern und andere anzupassen;InErwägung der Konzertierungen zwischen den Regierungen der föderierten Teilgebiete und den zuständigenföderalen Behörden im Nationalen Sicherheitsrat, der am 10., 12., 17. und 27. März 2020, am 15 . Und 24.April 2020 und AM 6., 13., 20. Und 29. mai 2020 sister -to -eat is; in Erwägung des articles191 of the Rastags über die Arbeitsweise der Europäischen Union, in Dem Das Prinzip der Vorsorge Und Rahmender admiral Eineral Eineral Einer der Aktiven Vorbereitung Auf Einen Möglichenkrisenfall anchores ist; dass dieses Prinzip voraussetzt, dass die öffentlichen Behörden bei der Feststellung,dass ein ernstes Risiko höchstwahrscheinlich eintreten wird, dringende und vorläufige Schutzmaßnahmenergreifen müssen;In Erwägung der Erklärung der WHO in Bezug auf die Eigenschaften des CoronavirusCOVID-19, insbesondere hinsichtlich der hohen Übertragbarkeit und des Sterberisikos; in Erwägungder am 11. März 2020 von der Who vengenommenen Qualifizierung des Coronavirus Covid-19; indere eagung, dass who who am 16. und Sich Rasch in der Welt Ausbreitet; indeed Erwägung der Erkklärung of the Regionaldirektors der Who für Europe Vom 16April 2020, in the concrete that Europe remains the most affected continent despite the weakening in some countries, and in which these countries are encouraged, despite the complexity, uncertainties and questions and the victims to be brought in their efforts not to be re -released and a strategy that must ensure that the transfer of the virus under control and that the measures to relax the restrictions and with regard to the transition to a "new normality" are determined by the principles of public health; of Coronavirus Covid-19 in the European area and in Belgium; that the total number of contagions continues to increase and that a new wave of illness has to be avoided at all costs; inner weighing of the health risk from the Coronavirus Covid-19 for the Belgian population and the urgency that arises from it; in the consideration that the Coronavirus Covid-19 triggered an infectious disease that mostly the lungs and the airways affect; in the consideration that the Coronaviruscovid-13 is apparently transferred from person to person across the air; that the transfer of the disease is transferred to all possible types of distribution through the mouth or nose; in consideration of the number of infection and the number of deaths in Belgium since March 13, 2020; in -respect for the opinion of the Celeval; in consideration of the opinion of the High Council for self -employed and KMB vom April 22, 2020; in consideration that the entire national territory is affected by the danger; that it is in the general interest that the measures taken to maintain public order are coherent, which means that their efficiency is maximized; in the consideration that in view of the previous gathering in closed and covered places, but also at the open air, a special risk of health of the health Represent the population; in the consideration that a police measure to impose a ban on assembly is consequently and proportionate; in the consideration that the above -mentioned prohibition is to be carried out that on the one hand the number of acute infection is reduced and consequently enabled the intensive care unit, the most difficult patients under the best possible To record conditions, and that on the other hand, the researchers are given more time to develop efficient treatment methods and vaccines; in consideration that it is necessary to further contain the spread of the virus, the measures for the rest to extend the vertical of journeys and outputs and the dimensionally social distancing, but at the same time to provide some additional loosening in order to gradually remove the measures; that the health situation is rated regularly; that this also means that a return to stricter measures can never be excluded; in the consideration of the report of the expert group for the Exit Strategy (GEES) of April 22 ,2020, which is a gradual concept for the gradual withdrawal The measures contains and is mainly based on three essential aspects, namely wearing a mask, testing and tracing; that the report is a balance between the preservation of physical and mental health, the fulfillment of pedagogical orders in the area of ​​teaching and the resumption of the business struts; that the Gees is composed of experts from different areas, in particular outputs, virologists and economic experts; in consideration of the expert opinions of the GES; in consideration of the phoenix plan for a restart of trade in Comeos; in consideration of the "guidelines Extension of Covid-19 ", which is made available on the website of the Federation Public Service Economy; in consideration of the" general guideline contain the spread of the spread of COVID-19 at work ", which on the website of the federal public service, work and social concertation is made available; on the basis of the law of August 4, 1996 on the well -being of the workers in the execution of their work and his execution. , including cross -border situations; in D he consider that the additional risk that would result in cross -border family visits to neighboring countries and purchases in the border area, considering the current epidemiological situation, is considered acceptable; based on the urgency: Article 1 of the Ministerial Decree of 23March 2020 to determine urgency measures to contain the spread of the Coronaviruscovide-19 is replaced as follows: "From May 18, 2020, lessons and activity in preschool, primary school and secondary school lessons may be resumed for the groups determined by the community Recommendations of the experts and responsible authorities. ImprimArschuleschy is very recommended to cover the mouth and nose with a mask or alternative other alternative. In the secondary school system, students can temporarily forego wearing the mask, for example from medical reasons or during the break or sporting activities. or special learning needs require specific accompaniment, invite you individually. Interesting, recording facilities and constant care facilities remain open. Special modalities of the organization can be provided for these institutions. Only if the local nature of the infrastructure allows the communications to be resolved to resume part-time art lessons for limited activities. "Article 7 of the ministerial decree of March 23, 2020 to determine urgency measures. it is replaced as follows: "Not essentially out of Belgium and according to Belgium are prohibited. In deviation from paragraph 1, it is left to visit family members who live in a neighboring country, in compliance with the conditions provided for in Article 5bis §§ 2 and 3 to make purchases in a neighboring country. "Art.3 - Article 8 bis of the ministerial decree of March 23, 2020 to determine urgency measures. Insulation of the spread of the Coronavirus Covid -19 is replaced as follows:" Without prejudice Article 3 paragraph 2, the necessary measures are taken , to comply with the regulatory social distancing, especially di E maintenance of a minimum distance of 1.5 m between those for all activities permitted by the presentation. However, these measures are not applicable to people who live under the same roof, children up to date up to 12 years, including among themselves and on contacts between the staff on the one hand and the students on the other hand in preschool. "Art. 4 - . Brussels, May 30, 2020p. De Crem