Publication: 2020-07-02Numac: 2020041976Federal Public Service Mobility and Furepers Af. 20 May 2020.-Act containing measures in the fight against the distribution of the COVID-19 Pandemie with regard to the administrative fines with regard to the air transport and the aviation navigation and the tariff systemfrom the Brussels Airport airport.- Erratumin The Belgian Official Gazette of 10 June 2020, deed no. 2020/21131:- page41974, French text, in the title of the appendix of the law, must be read:- "Portantmesures" instead of "Portant des Mesures"------"Brussels Airport" instead of "Bruxelles-National" Page 41974, Dutch text, in the title of the Annex of the Act, must be read:- "Brussels Airport" instead of "Brussels-Airport".Publication: 2020-07-01numac: 2020041990federal Public Service Social Security and Federal Public Service Employment, Labor and Social Consultation26 June 2020.-Royal Decree No. 46 implementing Article 5, § 1, 5 ° of the Act of 27 March 2020 that authorization grants the king to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II) to support the employers and the employee report on the Koningsire, the draft decision that we have to make the honor to sign your Majesteit: - Introducing the temporary adjustment of the working hours, as applicable in the 2009-2011 period in order to tend to the companies to catch the reduction of work and to reduce wage costs, without therefore being temuted to naked dismissal. These measures make up the object of Chapter 1. Introducing the Corona-Time Credit, a formula for reduction of the work performance to which a benefit is attached; this measure is the subject of Chapter 2. Allowing it, for companies in difficulties or companies in restructuring, and under certain conditions, that employees from the age of 55 start a half-time or 1/5th landing course; Makes the subject of Chapter 3.- Making the recognition possible in difficulties or as a company in restructuring without it necessary to conclude a collective employment contract in the context of unemployment with the operating allowance (SWT); this measure determines the object of chapter 4.- The introduction of a regulation to facilitate the transition from temporary unemployment due to force majeure as a result of the Coronavirus COVID-19 are the existing systems of economic unemployment for workmen and servants. Chapter5 applies to an employer who no longer in the conditions are to be Call on the suspension of the implementation of the employment contract for temporary force majeure because of the COVID-19 Hetcoronavirus. In such a situation, the employer can rely on the existing systems of economic unemployment for workers or servants (Article 51 and Article 77/1 and following of the Act of 3 July 1978 on employment contracts), which are temporarily, until the end of 2020, adapted to a float to make access to those systems possible. In the system of economic unemployment for workmen, it becomes possible until the end of 2020 to have the implementation of the employment contract for no more than eight weeks (instead of four weeks) suspended. A regulation of partial labor can be introduced until the end of 2020 for a duration of at most eighteen weeks (instead of three months). Other rules within this system of economic unemployment remain unchanged. the system of economic unemployment for employees (Chapter II/i of Title III of the Law of 3 July 1978 on employment contracts) without having to meet the normal preliminary conditions for access to this system, the criteria for being considered to be considered company in difficulties. However, the employer must prove that in the quarter prior to the introduction of economic unemployment, he has known a substantial decrease of at least 10% of the turnover or production compared to the same quarter of 2019. Moreover, he must have the servants in economic Unemployment are placed two training days per month. The requirement of the existence of a collective labor agreement or company pulse for provides for the payment of a supplement is retained in this context. The maximum number of weeks in which the servants can be placed in economic unemployment is increased to the end2020. The maximum of sixteen calendar weeks per calendar year (in the event of a complete suspension) or twenty -six calendar weeks per calendar year (in the event of regulation of partial work) is increased by 8 weeks. These measures make up the object of Chapter 5. The comments of the Legislation Department of the Council of State in its advice No 67,654 of 25 June 2020s were taken into consideration. As indicated by the Council of State in its advice 67,654 of 25 June 2020 The application of the measures in the first four chapters limited to the companies with recognition as a company in difficulties or restructuring that will be on at the earliest from 1 March 2020 since the measures against the distribution of the Coronavirus have started an important impact on the activities within that month The companiesDEMAILS AREMENT ACCESS OF THE ENTREPTIONS ALSO ASSIVE AS ASSIVE IN DIFFICULTS OF INTERNATIONS OR in Restructuring whose recognition starts before January 1, 2021. The economic consequences are not limited to the past period of very strict measures in terms of social distancing that mainly had impact on temporary unemployment . It is only in the second half of the year that is expected that biggest job losses will take place. It is these dismissals that aim to limit the measures. Chapter1. -Temporary working time reduction in the context of the COVID-19 Pandemic articles 1 Tot with 3 in This chapter, the temporary adjustment of the working hours will be re-introduced, as applicable in the period 2009-2011. Working time reduction can be an instrument for the companies to absorb the reduction of work and to reduce wage costs, having to go and have to go to naked dismissal. The employees involved are considered full -time employees. The reduction in working hours must also be collectively introduced for the whole of the staff, or a category of the staff. The period of the flat-rate reduction runs from the introduction of the temporary working-time reduction and takes an end when the temporary working-time reduction is ended. The temporary working-time reduction can be applied for one year. The start and end date of the period of working time reduction must be within the Periodevan Recognition As a company in restructuring or as a company in difficulties. Chapter2. - Corona-time credit articles 4 to 8-ups to allow employers to reduce the work performance of their employees without having to suffer a loss of income too large, this chapter arranges a special formula for reducing work performance to which a benefit is associated. This is a resumption of a measure that existed in the years 2009-2011 to be the head of the crisis and separate from that existing in application of or under the Recovery Act of 22 January 1985 containing social provisions. A agreement has been destroyed employer and Employee in accordance with this regulation, the employee who who reduces his work performance will receive a benefit to partially absorb his loss of income. This benefit is the same if it laid down for the regular time credit. The Corona-Time Credit can be applied individually for a period of one to a maximum of six months. This period must be fully aligned within the period in which the employer is recognized as a company in restructuring or as a company in difficulties and this period of recognition at the earliest begins on 1 March 2020 and at the latest on 31 December 2020. Chapter 3. landing jobs 9 and 10Dit chapterlaat that Employees from the age of 55 start a half -time or 1/5th runway, under the provision he has a professional history of 25 years and that the runway starts in the Periodevan Recognition as a company in difficulties or as a company in restructuring, the date of the start of the start is located at the earliest on 1 March 2020 and at the latest on 31 December 2020. Bike in a deviation from the minimum period of runway, so that a runway is possible for one month. Chapter 4. - Recognition as a company in restructuring or in difficulty article 11 -time chapter ensures that A recognition as a company in Moei or as a company restructuring is possible without concluding a collective employment contract in the Framework Van de Unemployment with Business Allowance (SWT). These recognitions then naturally only apply to the application of the measures referred to in Hoofs 1, 2 and 3 of this Decree. A business that wishes to make use of the modalities foreseen in the Royal Decree of 3 May 2007, for the fact that there must indeed be a collective agreement in the context of SWT. Chapter 5. - Temporary adjustment, by way of transitional measure, of the economic unemployment regulation For companies that are no longer in the conditions to appeal to temporary unemployment due to force majeure that is the result of the COVID-19 epidemic article 12DIT article the scope of the transitional arrangement. The measure applies to employers who are no longer in the conditions of conditions to invoke their employees on the suspension of the execution of the work agreement due to temporary force majeure because of the Coronavirus COVID-19The article13DIT article brings a number of temporary adjustments, until the end of 2020, in the existing system of suspension of the implementation of the employment contract for workmen in the absence of working of economic causes (Article 51 of the Act of 3 July 1978 on employment contracts), also better Known as the temporary economic unemployment for workers. In deviation from the existing rules, it will be possible until the end of 2020 to fully suspend the implementation of the employment contract for eight weeks (instead of dehoody four weeks), in the absence of a sectoral K.B.. The regulation of partial work that includes less than three working days per week or more than one labor week per two weeks for a maximum duration of18 weeks (instead of the current three months). The other rules and conditions of Article51 of the Law of 3 July 1978 on employment contracts is not affected. They continue to apply to this. Item 14thit article brings a number of temporary adjustments, until the end of 2020, in the existing system of suspension of the implementation of the employment contract for employees in the absence of work due to economic causes (Chapter II/i of Title III of the Act of the Act of the Act 3 July 1978 on employment contracts), also known as the temporary economic unemployment for employees. In deviation from the existing rules, access to this STELELTOTOT will not be limited to the companies in difficulties at the end of 2020. The employer must, however, be able to tones that in the quarter prior to the introduction of economic unemployment, he has known a substantial decrease of at least 10% of the turnover or production compared to the same quarterly of 2019. Moreover, he must have the servants in economic unemployment are placed two training days per month. In addition, there is also a requirement that a company that uses this system must be bound by a collective employment contract or is laid down by a company pulpit at the registry of the General Directorate of Collective Labor Relations of the Federality Service Employment, Labor and Social Consultation. The collective agreement or the business plan must state the amount of the supplement that in accordance with Article 77/4, § 7 of the Law of 3 July1978, it must be paid to the employee in temporary economic unemployment. In the event that a business plan is used, this plan must demonstrate that the company has known a substantial decrease of at least 10% of the turnover or production in the priority quarter compared to the same quarter of 2019. The employer must also be in the Business Plan for binding employees on whom the regulation of full suspension of the implementation of the agreement or the regulation of partial work is applied to offer two training days per month. A copy of this plan must also be transferred immediately to the Works Council or in the absence thereof, to DEVAKBonds delegation. It is not necessary to be recognized until the end of 2020 as a company in difficulties to be able to use the system of temporary economic unemployment, is for servants, It is also not required during this period to send business plans by registered letter to the director-general of the General Directorate of Collective Labor Relations to the Begines Sentes present to the "Enterprise Plans" committee. The role as administrative authority of the "Business Plans" committee mainly consists of the Checking whether the enterprise is submitting a business plan to one of the criteria to be recognized as a company in difficulties. Heat to the fact that the criteria for being recognized as a company in difficulties are temporarily not applicable, the intervention of the "Enterprise Plans" committee and the associated administrative procedure, described in Article 77/1, §3 of the Law of 3 July 1978, also temporarily suspended. In the importance of the legal certainty serves, just like the relevant collective labor agreements, but laid down at the registry of the general management of the collective labor relationships, Suchtstrouwens is provided in Article 77/1, § 2, third paragraph, of the Law of 3 July 1978.Daarde business plans are temporarily no longer submitted to the "Business plans" committee, This committee can no longer allow a deviation from the amount of the wage supplement and is therefore also deviated from Article 77/1, § 6 of the Act of 3 July 1978. Chapter 6 -lock provisions article 15 article 15 Item determines the date of entry into force and extra effect of the various chapters of this decisionArticle 16 article 16 points the ministers who are responsible for the implementation of the decision. I have the honor to be, Sire, Vanuwe Majesty, the very respectful and very faithful servant, La Ministre des Affairessociales, m. De Blocked Minister of Work, n. Muylleraad van State department Legislative Advice 67,654/1 of 25 June 2020 on a draft decree no. The fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II) to support employers and employees' on 18 June2020, the Council of State, legislation department, has been requested by the Minister of Work within a period of five working days to provide advice on A draft Royal Decree no. .... `to implement Article 5, § 1, 5 ° of the Law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes to take over measures to the King in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (Ii) to support employers and employees'. The design was investigated by the Senate on 23 June2020. The room was composed of Marnix van Damme, Chamber President, Wilfried van Vaerenbergh and Chantalbamps, state councils, and Wim Geurts, clerk. The defeats were published by Barbara Speybrouck, first auditor and Katrien Didden, Deputy auditor. The agreement between the French and Dutch text of the advice was checked under the supervision of Chantal Bamps, State Council. The advice, of which the text follows below, was given on 25 June 2020.1. In application of article 4, first paragraph, of the Law of 27 March 2020, which authorizes the King to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (I) ', which referred Article 84, § 1 , first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on 12 januari 1973, the legislation department had to limit itself to the investigation of the authority of the author of the act, of the legal basis, as well as the question or to the formal requirements to be fulfilled. The Public Prosecution Service of the Royal Decree submitted aims temporarily, in the context of the Law of 27 March 2020, which authorizes the King to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronaviruscovid-19 (II) '(1),, various measures to support employers and employees.3. The first paragraph of the preamble of the draft shows that for the designed Regulation on the Legal Salvation Regulation, Article 5, § 1, of the Act of 27 March 2020 (ii) . Article 2 of the law of March 2020 (ii) stipulates that in order to make Belgium possible to respond to the Coronavirus COVID-19Pidemia or pandemic and to compensate for its consequences, the King, established in a decision after consultation in the Council of Ministers, the measures referred to in Article 5, § 1, 1 ° to 8 ° can take that these measures can, if necessary, have a retroactive effect, which, however, cannot go further back on 1 March 2020. With the eye on the in Article 2 , ee paragraph, of the Law of 27 March 2020 (ii) mentioned objectives, authorizes Article 5, § 1, 5 ° of that law to take the King in particular measures to make adjustments to employment law and social security law, with the eye The protection of employees and the population, the good organization of the companies and the government, with indemnification of the economic interests of the country and the continuity of the criticism. of March 27, 2020 (ii) specified that employment law and social security rights may occur in which the existing legal framework does not allow to reconcile measures due to public health with the need for permanent economic production or services, both in the private sector and In the public sector, for example because of the imposed telework or of the changes in the hour schedule (2). Consequently, the designed regulation derives in particular rights of law from Article 5, § 1, 5 °, of the law of 27 March 2020 (ii). Research of the text -common remark4.1. The designed regulation on the temporary working-time reduction in the framework of the COVID-19 Pandemie (chapter 1), Corona-time credit (chapter 2) and runways (chapter 3) is reserved for companies whose recognition as a company in restructuring or as a company in difficulties (3 ) Before January 1, 2021. The question of explaining the option of 1 January 2021 as the deadline, the authorized representative replied what follows: "As is also apparent from the outlook of the Planning Bureau it is expected that the economy will recover from 2021It is of course difficult to estimate what the correct duration will be of the recovery ".4.2. For the definition of the scope of the measures, the chapters 1 to 3, in fact, only an end point of the start of the recognition is recorded, but none starting point. Although DEMAILS AREMENTS ACCOUNT AREA in accordance with Article 15, first paragraph, of the draft on July 1, 2020, it is not excluded that employees of companies whose recognition was started before the start of the coronac crisis, but whose recognition period After 1 July 2020, a running disease (4) can also make use of the measures. Asked if, by way of example, a company that was recognized can also fall under the scope of application from 1 August 2019, the authorized representative answered: "It is indeed not excluded that A company with a recognition from August 1, 2019 would still use the measures from July 1, 2020. However, it is true that Beko A restructuring plan must be drawn up from a recognition that is being presented by the works council. It is this plan that, after mediation with the employees' organizations, is carried out, among other things with the measures that are possible on the basis of the Royal Decree of 3 MEI 2007 regulating the system of unemployment with business supplement. In the event that business sixte would make use of the measures foreseen in the present royal decree, then it concerns new additional measures because there is an additional need for measures to be dismissed, and this with the involvement of employees, according to the measure , collective (chapter1) or individual (chapters 2 and 3) ". It is not stated from the text submitted to the Council of State that a company that has already been recognized should submit a new restructuring plan from 1 August 2019 in which an additional need for measures should As a result of the Coronacrisis, it is demonstrated in order to be able to claim the application of the measures of measures in the present draft. Asked for precisely the starting point of the periodevan recognition (this concerns the date of the Minister's decision for recognition or the Prime Minister may other Date as the starting point?), The authorized representative answered: "The starting point of the period of recognition" means the starting date of the period of recognition and not the date of the minister's decision. In the event of a restructuring file with a collective dismissal, the period of recognition on the date of the collective dismissal (to the works council) up to a maximum of 2 years after the date of the service. In the case of a file for recognition of a company, being in difficulties (without collective dismissal) or in restructuring based on a percentage -economic unemployment (20 %), the maximum recognition 1 is 1 year from the start date of the recognition. With companies without collective dismissal that the measures wish to maximize, the lead time of a file must be taken into account. The intended measures do not go into the date of application and can be applied at the earliest after receipt of the ministerial approval ", the question of whether the designed regulation can be made if the recognition is requested before 1 January 2021, but the decision is taken after January 1, 2021, the authorized explanation stated: "For companies without a collective dismissal, the employer will state his recognition application the date on which he proposes that the recognition will take effect. In practice, however, this does not have to be automatic. This date of the application for recognition does not necessarily coincide with the starting date of the recognition. Certainly in the event that the date of recognition can have an impact on the all or Not applicable to the proposed measures, the starting date of recognition must be explicitly motivated. If this justification is not acceptable, the minister may, after advice from the Advisory Committee, decide a different date of recognition than it proposed by the employer. In case of a collective dismissal, the date of recognition cannot precede the date of the announcement of the collective dismissal ". TOOSe adds that it can be deduced from Article 18, §1, second paragraph, of the Royal Decree of 3 May 2007 that the fixed starting date applies to companies that have announced a collective dismissal, from which a contrario follows for companies without a collective dismissal There is no fixed start date. The answer to the authorized representative shows that the starting point of the recognition does not necessarily coincide with the date of the minister's decision to recognizeFor a restructuring with collective dismissal Geldthet provisions in Article 18, § 1, second paragraph, of the Royal Decree of 3 May 2007, whereby the recognition period begins on the day of the communication by the employer of his intention about the collective dismissal, while for the other companies (without collective dismissal) the employer in the application states the date on which he proposes that the recognition goes into automatically, from which it can be deduced that this method is not laid down in a regulatory provision, but, as the authorized representative himself indicates that this a contrario is derived from Article 18, § 1, second member of the Royal Decree of 3 May 2007. To the extent that the authorized representative is argued for a restructuring with collective dismissal A maximum period of 2 years of recognition is used, while for other companies only a recognition of 1 year is applied, it must be noted that such a regulation does not occur in the designed provisions.4.3. The constitutional principle of equality and non-discrimination requires that the distinction created between cases that fall under the area of ​​application, based on an objective criterion and fairly responsibility. The existence of such a accountability must be assessed taking into account the objectives of the consequences of the disputed measure and the nature of the relevant principles; The principle of equality and non-discrimination has been violated when it is established that there is no reasonable relationship between the resources and the intended purpose (5). The scope of the designed regulation creates a difference in treatment between companies whose recognition is before 1 January 2021 as company in restructuring or as a company in difficulties that can rely on the measures provided for in chapters 1 to 3, on the one hand, and the businesses are not recognized in that capacity after this date and therefore cannot rely on the designed measures. It is emphasized that the criterion of "the start of the recognition for January 1, 2021" is not fixed for companies without collective dismissal and does not determine legal, but only depends on whether or not to accept the reasons for the employer suggested starting date by the Minister, where the Used hinge date is based on actual data (6). Although the designed regulation aims to absorb the consequences of the COVID19 Pandemie for Employers and employees, it is not excluded that companies immediately recognize recognition that dates from before this pandemic and accompanying crisis, but Being able to make demit measures, while companies that are only recognized after January 1, 2021, but whose difficulties are originating in the COVID-19 crisis, have no access to these measures. Thus, the criterion used by the sets of the design is a distinction in the light of the principle of equality no pertinent for.4.4. Specifically with regard to the scope of the Corona-Time Credit, the authorized representative suggests: "The measure can run maximum from the announcement of a collective dismissal up to two years after the date of service of the collective dismissal. Not every recognition becomes a Duration of two years. For the following determined in article 5, second paragraph, the full period of the Corona Time Credit must be fully within these recognitions. later, to be eligible for the measures ". Desuggestion to further limit the scope to companies that were recognized from 1 March2020 to 31 December 2020, can be considered by the sets of the text for the chapters1 to 3 to 3 to 3 The Supra under edge number 4.3. to meet established objections. In any case for the choice of the start and end point of the recognition that determine the scope of the measurement of the measurement, an objective and reasonable accountability must be given to be considered in accordance with the constitutional equality principle and it is advisable to use a point to be adopted adequate accountability to the Koning. Special comments -hal5.Gestet on what has been noticed under 3 in connection with the legal basis, reference must be made to Article 5, § 1, 5 ° of the following in the first paragraph of the Supelmeer, of The law of 27 March 2020 (II). article16.1The designed Article 353bis/7/1 of the Program Act (i) of 24 December 2002 stipulates that the regulation of temporary working hours reduction within the framework of the COVID-19 Pandemievan applies to the employer referred to in Article 335, third paragraph, of the same law, to whom a recognitions company in restructuring or as an enterprise applies in difficulties, as referred to in Article 4 of the decision to be taken. The scope of the designed regulation, in which reference is made to Article 335, third paragraph, of the Program Act (i ) From December 24, 2002, the relationship with employers who fall under the law of December 5, 1968 `concerning collective labor agreements and the joint committees' or under the law of 21 March 1991 'concerning the reform of some economic government companies', is, however, beged to those employers whose recognitions company in restructuring or as a company applies in difficulties, Ran Hetbegin of the recognition begins before 1 January 2021. In the provisions of the provision, it should be noted in Article 4 of the draft that, in contrast to the first paragraph of article 4 of the draft that relates to the Corona-Time Credit, that only Applicable for employers who fall under the aforementioned law of 5 December 1968, the second and third paragraph of that article, which determines what should be regarded as recognition as a company in restructuring respectively as a company in difficulties, do seem to be relevant to the definition of the scope area From the temporary working -time reduction. TOUSE OF SHOLIZATIONS The legal certainty is therefore recommended in the designed Article 353bis/7/1 of the Program Act (i) of 24 December 2002 to Article 4, second and third paragraph, to refer. It is no longer appropriate is the provisions of Article 4, second and third paragraph, of the Ont In a new article under Chapter 4 of the draft ("Recognition as a company in restructuring or in difficulties"), since these provisions are not only apply to Chapter 2 but also applies to chapters 1 and 3.6.2. The designed Article 353bis/7/3 of the Program Act (i) of 24 December 2002 stipulates that the employers referred to in Article 335, third member, of the same law that proceed to a temporary adjustment of the working hours, a target group reduction in accordance with the conditions determined in or pursuant to this subsection. In the designated determination, there is no question of an association to those employers to whom a recognition as a company in restructuring or as a company applies in difficulties, the start of the recognition for 1 January 2021, so that the scope of this provision It seems to be more spacious of the designed Article 353bis/7/1 of the Program Act (i) of 24 December 2002. Interviewed about this, the authorized representative replied: "No, since the provisions in Article 353bis/7/1 are part of the conditions that be stated according to Article 353bis/7/3. This is unclear that Article 353bis/7/3 could be adjusted so that it will be Referred to Article 353bis/7/1 ". Desuggestion of the authorized representative can be added.6.3. The designed Article 353bis/7/5, first, second and fourth paragraph, contains the provisions regarding the recording of the temporary adjustment of the working hours and the temporary introduction of the four -day week. This must be determined at a collective employment contract concluded at the level of the company or at a change of the work regulations, whereby the minimum content of the collective employment contract and the procedures to be complied with are determined by the king and where the relevant regulations also apply to the adoption in a work regulations. In the last sentence of the fourth paragraph, it is determined that "(d) e collective employment contract (...) does not contain any provision, which means that it (in particular the Periodevan is the temporary adjustment of the working hours and the temporary introduction of the Four -day week) can be tacitly extended ". Asked why this provision only relates to decollective employment contract and not to the amendment to the work regulations, the authorized fact that the designed Article 353bis/7/5 could be extended to change the work regulations. recommendation the text of the designed be to adjust eel in this sentence. article 47Article 4, first paragraph, of the draft, stipulates that the Corona-Time Credit applies to the employers 'that falls under the law of 5 December 1968 `concerning the collective employment contracts and the joint committees', to whom a recognition as a company in restructuring whether as a company is applicable, the period of which starts before January 1, 2021. It is advisable to clarify the king in the report that it will be cumulative conditions. As a result, because of the clarity and legal certainty, in the Dutch text of Article 4, first paragraph, of the draft the commas, which can give rise to confusing that it would be a list, best deleted.artikel58. The authorized representative confirms that the time credit "for a period that is not allowed to be shorter for one month and that may not exceed six months", as stipulated in the first paragraph, should not be included in a period of a period, but may be distributed over different periods. Also with regard to the renewal of the agreement, as provided for in the third paragraph, the authorized fact that this renewal does not have to connect immediately to a previous period. A new agreement is made for each renewal. In the importance of clarity and legal certainty earns, it is advisable to express this explicitly in the text. The Registrar, Wim Geurtse Chairman, Marnix van Damme ______ Notes (1) below: The law of 27 March 2020 (ii). (2) Parl.st. Room 2019-20, no. 55-1104/001, 6-7. (3) This concerns the recognition granted by the Minister of Work on the basis of Article 18 of the Royal Decree of 3 May 2007 `to regulate the system of unemployment with business surcharge 'for the company restructuring as referred to in Article 15 of this Royal Decree or the company in difficulties referred to in Article 14 of the same Royal Decree (Article 4, second and third paragraph, of the draft). (4) The recognition applies After all, for a maximum of 2 years (Article 18, § 1, of the Royal Decree of 3 May 2007). (5) Legal case law of the Constitutional Court. See eg GWH July 17, 2014, no.107/2014, B.12; GWH 25 September 2014, no. 141/2014, B.4.1; GWH 30 April 2015, no. 50/2015, B.16; GWH18 June 2015, no. 91/2015, B.5.1.; GWH 16 July 2015, no. 104/2015, B.6. (6) This means that that -similar company that already has its recognition, and that runs after 1 July 2020, can rely on the measures anyway and the company that After January 1, 2021, submits an application with a torso at the start of the recognition before 1 January 2021, this must explicitly state this in order to be able to claim the measures.26 June 2020. - Royal Decree no. 46 to implement Article 5, § 1, 5 ° of the law of 27 March 2020 that authorization grants the king to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II) to support the employers and employees (1) Filip, King of the Belgians, to All who are now and will then be, our greeting on the law of 27 March 2020, grants the King to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II), Article 5, § 1 , 5 °, given the recovery law of 22Januari 1985 containing social provisions; in view of the Program Act (i) of 24 December 2002; in view of the Royal Decree of 12 December 2001 implementing Chapter IV of the Act of 10 August2001 on reconciliation of employment and quality of life concerning the system of credit, career reduction and reduction of work performance to a half -time job; in view of the Royal Decree of 16 May 2003 implementing the Chapter 7 of Title IV of the Program Act of December 24, 2002 (i), concerning the harmonization and simplification of the regulations regarding social security contributions ; In view of the Royal Decree of 3 May 2007 regulating the system of unemployment with business surcharge; Considering the law of 5 December 1968 relevant the collective employment contracts and the joint committees; Considering the Labor Act of 16 March 1971; Considering the law of 3 July 1978 on the employment contracts; OVE RWegende Royal Decree of 2 January 1991 on the allocation of interruption benefits; in view of the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on 10 June 2020; in view of the agreement finding of the Minister of Budget, given on 17 June 2020 in view of Article 8 of the Act of 18 December 2013 containing various provisions on administrative simplification, this decision is exempt from a regulatory impact analysis; in view of the advice no. 67654 of the Council of State, given on 25 Juin 2020, in application of Article 4, third paragraph, of the Law of 27 March 2020, authorizing the King to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronaviruscovid-19 (i ); On the nomination of the Minister of Social Affairs and the Minister of Work and the advice of our ministers met in the Council, we have decided and we decide: Chapter1. - temporary working-time reduction in the context of the COVID-19 Pandema article 1. Intitel IV, Chapter 7, Section 3, of the Program Act (I) of 24 December 2002, a subsidiary 8/1 is inserted that Articles 353bis/7/1 up to and including 353bis/7/8 contains, reading: "Subsection8/1. Temporary working time reduction in the context of the COVID-19 Pandemie.art. 353bis/7/1. This subsection applies to the employer referred to in Article 335, third paragraph, to whom a recognition company in restructuring or as a company applies in difficulties, as referred to in Article 4, paragraphs 2 and 3) of the Royal Decree No 46 of 26 Juin 2020 to implement Article 5, § 1, 5 ° of the Act of March 27, 2020 that authorization grants the king to take over measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II) to support employers and employees, the beginning of the recognition at the earliest starts at 1 March2020 E n at the latest on December 31, 2020.Art. 353bis/7/2. The concept of "working hours" within the sense of this subsection should be understood as defined in Article 348, first paragraph. For the application of this subsection, the working hours established is taken into account whether collective employment contract concluded in accordance with the law of 5 December 1968 concerning decollective employment contracts and the joint committees, or in the work regulations. Department can determine further rules for the calculation of the working hours.art. 353bis/7/3. The employers referred to in Article 353bis/7/1, which proceed to a temporary adjustment of the working hours, enjoy a target group reduction according to the conditions determined in or pursuant to this subsection. 353bis/7/4. The employer from the quarter of the system of temporary adjustment of the work time in the company and up to the quarter in which the temporary adjustment of the working time runs, a flat -rate target group reduction per quarter of which the flat -rate amount depends on the percentage adjustment Of the working hours, on condition that the working hours are reduced by a fourth or immediately fifth. The fixed amount of this target group reduction is the temporary adjustment of the working hours combined with the temporary introduction of the four -day week in the company. The fixed amount of this target group reduction is attended per employee involved. The king determines what should be understood by the introduction of the four -day week for the application of this provision. The king determines the conditions that must be observed and the file and the documents that must be presented to the target growth Perminderation available.Art. 353bis/7/5. The temporary adjustment of the work time and the introduction of the four -day week must be determined at a collective employment contract concluded at the level of the company or, if there is no trade union delegation within the company, in the event of a change in the work regulations, and must apply to the whole of the employees of the company or in a specific category of employees of the company. The collective employment contracts or the provisions in the work regulations explicitly state that they are concluded or included in the context of subsection 8/1 - Temporary working time reduction in the context of the COVID -19Pandemie - Title IV, Chapter 7, Section 3, of the Program Act (I ) of December 24, 2002.dekoning determines the minimum content of the collective employment contract and the procedures to be complied with. These regulations also apply when the temporary adjustment of the working hours and the temporary introduction of the four -day week in the work regulations are included. The temporary adjustment of the working hours and of the temporary introduction of the four-day week, a period of a maximum of one year can be introduced for a period of which both the start and end date fall within the period evan recognition as a company in restructuring or as a company in difficulty, the starting date of recognition 1 1 January 2021 beforehand. The starting date of the adjustment of the working hours and the implementation of the four -day week may not precede the starting date of the entry into force of this subsection, not beforeThe minimum content referred to in the second paragraph contains at least the clear mention of the start and end date of the temporary adjustment of the working hours and, where appropriate, of the temporary introduction of the four-day week, and provides for wage compensation. The collective employment contract, or, if necessary, the work regulations, may not contain a provision that allows it to be tacitly extended. The wage compensation referred to in the fourth paragraph, may not result in the gross wage of the employee being higher than the gross wage to which he was entitled before the introduction of the introduction of The temporary adjustment of the working hours. This does not take into account the adjustment of wages on the index and to the baremic wage increases. This wage compensation is wages within the meaning of Article2 of the Act of 12 April 1965 on the protection of the wages of employees and Article23 of the Act From 29 June 1981 on general principles of social security for employees, on which social security contributions are calculated.Art. 353bis/7/6. For the full -time employed employees who are involved in the temporary adjustment of the working hours as stipulated in this subsection, Article 28, § 4, of the Labor Act of 16 March 1971 also applies in the event of exceeding the weekly number of working hours arising from the work schedule that in the work regulations included.art. 353bis/7/7. The National Social Security Service is authorized to recover the Presentation of the Provisions by the employer on the provisions of the Labor Act of 16 March 1971 or on the provisions of this Sub -Department. This recovery is done for each quarter and per quarter and per quarter employee on which the infringement has. The recovery is only possible if the infringement has led to either an amicable settlement with the employer, either to an administrative fine or to a conviction by a criminal court.art. 353bis/7/8. When during the period of temporary adjustment of the working hours referred to in this subsection, the employer terminates the employment contract as referred to in Article 39 of the Act of 3 July 1978 on employment contracts, "ongoing wages" is understood the wage on which the employee at the time of The termination was entitled to have been able to make his working time not adjusted. ". Art. 2. Art. 2. In Title III of the Royal Decree on 16 May 2003 implementation of Chapter 7 of Title IV of the Program Act of 24 December2002 (I), regarding harmonization and Simplification of the regulations regarding reductions of the social security contributions will be a chapter VIII/1, which is inserted articles 28/6/1, 28/6/2, 28/6/3, 28/6/4 and 28/6/5, reading : "Chapter VIII/1. - Temporary working time reduction in the framework of the COVID-19 PandemieArt. 28/6/1. This chapter applies to employers referred to in Article 335, third paragraph, of the Act of 24 December 2002, to whom a recognition as a company in restructuring or as a company applies in difficulties, of which the period of recognition at the earliest is on 1 March 2020 and at the latest on December 31, 2020.Art. 28/6/2. A target group reduction for temporary working -time reduction is granted as follows: 1 ° an amount of G4 from the Quarter from the introduction of the system of temporary adjustment of the working hours in the companies up to the quarter in which the temporary adjustment of the working hours takes an end if the working time reduces a fifth; 2 ° an amount of G5 from the quarter of the system of temporary working time reduction in the company and up to the quarter in which the temporary working -time reduction is ending, if the working time was reduced by a fourth; ° an amount of G1 submitted temporary adjustment of the working hours referred to under 1 ° is combined with a temporary g6 of the four -day week; 4 ° an amount of G6 if the temporary adjustment of the working hours under 2 ° is combined with a temporary introduction of the four -day week. The period of the temporary adjustment of the working hours. Device referred to in the first paragraph, 3 ° and 4 ° can only be applied for full -time employees.art.28/6/3In the social security declarations for the quarters in which the target group reductions referred to by Article 353bis/7/4 of the law of 24 December 2002 are granted, the employment is made of: 1 ° the employees on which the system entered and the contribution reduction has 2 2; ° the date of entry into force of the system as well as the date on which it takes place out of operation; 3 ° the weekly working hours of full -time employees who are in front of and after the introduction of the adjustment of the working hours. 28/6/4. §1. The collective employment contract referred to in Article 353bis/7/5 of the Act of 24 December 2002 must state expressly that it is closed in subsection 8/1. "Temporary working time reduction in the framework of the COVID-19 Pandemie" of Section 3, of Chapter 7, of Title IV, of the Program Act (I) of 24 December 2002. The collective employment contract must clearly be the start and end date of the temporary adjustment of the State working hours and, where appropriate, of the temporary introduction of the four -day week. The collective employment contract may not contain a provision that allows unusual extension. The collective employment contract must provide a temporary reduction of the working hours with either one fifth or one fourth of the duration of employment was in force before its entry into force. The wage compensation provided for with Article 353bis/7 /5, fourth paragraph, of the Act of 24 December 2002 must be at least three fourths of the amount of deforfaitary reduction referred to in Article 28/3 of this Decree. When introducing the four -day week, the collective employment contract clearly states the weekly labor regulation on which the concept of "" Four -day week "must comply with the definition in Article 25. The period of the introduction of the four -day week must be in the period of the temporary adjustment of the working hours. Within the month of die -rolls on signing the collective employment contract, the employer provides a copy of it head of executive V on the General Directorate for Supervision of the Social Laws of the Federal Government Service Employment, Labor and Social Consultation. § 2. In the event that the temporary adjustment of the working hours and the temporary introduction of the four -day week are determined by a change in the work regulations, the same regulations and minimum content apply to this if determined in paragraph 1.Art. 28/6/5. The target group reductions referred to by Article 353bis/7/3 of the Act of 24 December2002 are deemed to have been definitively granted if it is established that the employer has met all conditions specified for this purpose by or pursuant to the same law. Until that moment they have only been granted for the time being. ". Art. 3. The King can cancel, supplement, replace and change the provisions of the provisions of Article 2. The employers who are applied to the law of 5 December1968 on the collective employment contracts and the joint committees to whom a recognition as a company in restructuring or as a company applies in difficulties, the period of which the recognition starts at the earliest on 1 March 2020 and at the latest on December 31, 2020. is considered recognition as a company in restructuring, the recognition granted by the Minister of Work on the basis of Article 18 of the Royal Decree of 3 May 2007 regulating the system of unemployment, for the company in restructuring as referred to in Article 15 of the Royal Decree of 3 May 2007. is considered recognition as under Neming in difficulties, the recognition granted by the Minister of Work on the basis of Article 18 of the Royal Decree of 3 May 2007 regulating the system of unemployment with business surcharge, for the company in difficulties as referred to in Article 14 of the aforementioned Royal Decree of 3 May 2007 .Art.5. The employer can propose to any full -time employed employee to reduce his work performance by 1/5 or up to a half -time position for a period that should not be shorter, which is not allowed to exceed six months. are situated within the period of recognition as a company in restructuring or as an enterprise in difficulties, the period of which starts for 1 January 2021. If the employee agrees, this agreement must be established in writing of his full -time work performance as prescribed by Article11bis of the Law of 3 July 1978 on the employment contracts. This agreement can be renewed, but without being allowed to exceed the maximum period specified in the first paragraphThis renewal period does not have to be immediately in line with the previous period. For the purpose of the reduction of the work performance to a half -time position, the employee employed with work performance of at least 3/4 of a full -time relationship in the company.art. 6. The reduced working hours, as agreed pursuant to article 5, must be respected on average for the period laid down in the written agreement as referred to in Article 5, in accordance with the modalities laid down in Article 26bis, § 1, of the Labor Act of 16 March 1971.Art. 7. If during the period of reduction of the employment performance, referred to in Article 5, the employer terminates the employment contract as referred to in Article 39 of the Act of 3 July 1978 on employment contracts, the wage on which the employee on the moment of the termination could have claimed if, depending on the case, he had continued to work full -time or had not reduced his work performance of at least 3/4 of a full -time position. 8. § 1. A benefit is granted the full -time employed employee who corresponds to his employer to reduce his work performance by 1/5 or to a half -time relationship in accordance with this benefit, the implementing measures applicable of Article 103quater of the recovery law of 22 January1985 on social provisions that relate to similar regimes to reducing work performance. This benefit is granted in accordance with Articles 4 and 6 of the Royal Decree of 12 December 2001 implementing Chapter IV of the Law of 10 August 2001 concerning employment and quality of life concerning the system of time credit, career reductions reduction of work performance to a half -time relation and according to the provisions in Chaptersiv and V of that Decree. The period of the reduction of the work performance included in the framework of this chapter, is not taken into account for the maximum period of recording of the time credit as stipulated in the aforementioned Royal Decree of 12 December 2001.theuitrekering has the same capacity as the benefits granted in the context of ChapiV, Section 5, of the aforementioned Recovery Act of 22 January 1985 § 2. In the event of a gross compensation by the employer, the sum of the gross wage may of The benefit meant in This article, of the possible supplement to this benefit on the basis of a regional regulations of the additional compensation granted by the employer, are not higher than the gross wage to which the employee was entitled before the introduction of the temporary reduction of work performance. This does not take into account the adjustment of wages to the index and to the baremic wage increases. Chapter 3. - Landingsbanen.art. 9. The additional right to interrupting benefits without maximum duration of application of Article 6 of the Royal Decree of 12 December 2001 of 12 December 2001 implementing Chapteriv of the Law of 10 August 2001 on reconciliation of employment and quality of the life -relevant time credit, career reduction and reduction of The work performance is a half -time position, is also granted to full -time employees aged 55 and olderie to reduce their work performance to a half -time relationship or reduce a fifth submission of CAO No. 103, when: 1 ° is the starting date of the reduction of the work performance In the period of recognition of the company by the Minister competent for work, as a company restructuring or company in difficulties in application of the regulations with regard to unemployment with business surcharge, insofar as the period of recognition starts at the earliest at 1 MAA rt2020 and at the latest on December 31, 2020, and; 2 ° the employee who applied for interruption benefits who, at the time of written notification to the employer 25 years of professional history as wage in the meaning of Article 10, § 3 of CAO No. 103, such as amended by the CAO No. 103ter, can justify .Art. 10. Contrary to the collective employment contract no. 103 of 27 June 2012, concluded within the National Labors Council to introduce a system of time credit, career breaks and runways, the minimum period of the landing course is limited to one month for the employee who is entitled to interrupting benefits in application of Article 9. Chapter4. - Recognition as a company in restructuring or in difficulties.art. 11For the application of the measures referred to in chapters 1, 2 and 3, the Minister of Work in the application of Article18 of the Royal Decree of 3 May 2007 can recognize the system of unemployment with the company -allowing a company as a company in restructuring or as an enterprise in difficulties without the condition referred to in Article 17, § 2, 2 ° of the aforementioned Royal Decree of 3 May 2007. Capare 5. - Temporary adjustment, by way of transitional measure, of the economic unemployment for companies that are no longer in the conditions are appealing to temporary unemployment due to force majeure that is the result of the COVID-19 epidemic.art.12. This chapter applies to the employer who is no longer in the conditions to appeal to the views of his employees on the suspension of the implementation of the employment contract-by temporary force majeure related to the outbreak of the Coronavirus Covid-13.art.13 . The employer referred to in Article 12 may introduce the implementation of the employment contract of his workers allowances or introduce a regulation of partial work in accordance with Article 51 of the Act of 3 July 1978 on employment contracts. In deviation from Article 51, §2, first paragraph, of the same Act, in the absence of work due to economic causes, the implementation of the agreement can be completely suspended for a maximum of eight weeks. If the full suspension of the agreement has reached this maximum duration of eight weeks, the employer must re -introduce the regulation of full work during a full labor week before entering into a new complete suspension or a regulation of partial work. Contrary to Article 51, § 3, first paragraph, of the same law, the regulation of partial work can be introduced for a duration of a maximum of eighteen weeks. 14. The employer referred to in Article 12 may have the operations of the employment contract of his servants suspended or introduced a regulation of partial labor in accordance with Title III, Chapter II/i of the Law of 3 July 1978 on employment contracts, provided that he can demonstrate that he in the quarter prior to the application for the introduction of one of the schemes as referred to in that chapter, he has known a substantial decrease of at least 10% of the turnover or production compared to the same quarter of 2019 and that he the servants involved two training days per month in a deviation from Article 77/1, § 2, first paragraph, of the same law, the regulation is provided for in Title III, Chapter II/i of the same law on the companies bound by a collective employment contract or a business plan, as referred to in Article 77/1, § 2, first paragraph, 1 °, 2 °, 3 ° and 4 ° of the same law. The business plan must show that in the previous quarter the company has known a substantial decrease of at least 10% of the turnover or production compared to the same quarter of 2019. The employer must also commit to whom the servants have the servants on whom the Regulation of full suspension of the implementation of the agreement or the regulation of partial labor applied, to offer two training days per month. The employer must immediately transfer a copievan to the business plan to the Works Council or, in the absence thereof, to the trade union delegation. Including Article 77/1, § 3, of the same law, must the business plan referred to in Article77/1, § 2, first paragraph, 2 ° and 3 ° of the same law, are not transferred by the company The director-general of the general management of collective labor relationships of the federal government service, labor and social consultation and not submitted to the "business plans" committee. in. Deviation from Article 77/1, § 6, of the same law, a company plan, referred to in Article 77/1, § 2, first paragraph, 2 ° and 3 ° of the same law, may not distribute the amount of the supplement referred to in Article 77 /4, § 7, of the same law. Defense of Article 77/2 of the same law, the employer must only be bound by a collective labor agreement or a business plan, as referred to in Arti Kel 77/1 of the same law, to be able to make use of the provisions of Title III, Chapter II/I, Section 2 of the same law. Defense of Article 77/7, first paragraph, of the same law, will be the maximum of sixteen or twenty -six -calendar weeks per calendar year raised by eight calendar weeks. Chapter 6 - Slotbetenart.15. Chapters 1, 2, 3 and 4 step into operation on July 1, 2020. Chapter 5 comes into effect on 1 September 2020 and will take effect on 31 December 2020.Art. 16The minister is competent for social affairs and the minister competent for work, each with regard to him, charged with the implementation of this decision in Brussels, 26 June 2020. Filipvan Koningsweight: La Ministre des Affaires Sociales, m.De Blockde Minister of Work, N.Muylle _______e Notes (1) Law of 27 March 2020, Belgian Official Gazette of 30Maart 2020; Recovery Act of 22 January 1985, Belgian Official Gazette of 24 January 1985; Program Act (I) of 24 December 2002, Belgian Official Gazette, Belgian Official Gazetteof 31 December 2002; Royal Decree of 12 December 2001, Belgian Official Gazette of 18 December 2001; Royal Decree of 16 May 2003, Belgian Official Gazette of 6 June 2003; Royal Decree of 3 May 2007, Belgian Official Gazette of 8 June 2007.