Publication: 2021-01-15Numac: 2021020134 Flemish government18 December 2020.-Decree of the Flemish Government containing various urgent measures under COVID-19 for the secondary education law (s) This decision is based:-the decree of 18 January 2002 on the Final terms, the development goals and the specific attainment targets in full-time ordinary and extraordinary secondary education, Article 8, §4- The Codex Secondary Education of 17 December 2010, Article 357/5, § 1, 1 ° form requirement (s) the consecutive form requirements are fulfilled: - The Finance Inspectorate has given advice on 9 December 2020.- For the sake of urgent necessity, this draft is not presented to the advice of the Legislation of the Council of State (cf. Art. 3, § 1 coordinated laws on the Council of State) . The decision is immediately submitted for definitive approval. Motivation decisive decision is based on the following motives: -ing the difficult circumstances During the COVID-19 Pandemie, the period for submitting curriculum for the second degree of Het Secondary Education is postponed by 2 months. COVID-19 find students in De Training Children's Counselor Dual and in the Healthcare Dual training difficult to find two workplaces. This condition is therefore discontinued as well as the minimum periods imposed. Initiator (s) this decision is proposed by the Flemish Minister of Economy, Innovation, Work, Social Economy En Agrouw and the Flemish Minister of Education, Sport, Animal Welfare and Flemish Randna Breking, Devlamic Government Decides: article 1. Contrary to Article 4, first paragraph, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 10 November 2006 establishing the approval criteria and submission modalities of the curricula, the curriculum of the second degree that applied on 1 September 2021 in the first grade of That degree, submitted to the competent Inspector-General Appearer months after the approval of the final objectives of that grade.Art. 2. Contrary to Appendix2 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 12 October 2018 to record structural hundreds of play and standard processes in secondary education, the school year 2020-2021 applies that students in the childcare center and in the Healthcare Dual course no workplaces must, and the minimum periods that are imposed in the respective standard processes are not met .Art. 3. The Flemish Minister, competent for education, is responsible for the implementation of this decision.brussel, 18 December 2020. The Prime Minister of the Flemish Government, J.Jambonde Flemish Minister of Economy, Innovation, Work, Social Economy and Agriculture. Crevitsde Flemish Minister for Education, Sport, Animal Welfare and Flemish Rand, B.WeytsPublication: 2021-01-18Numac: 2021020165Federal Public Service Home Affairs12 January 2021.-Ministerial Decree amending the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19. - German translation below is the German translation of the Ministerial Decree of 12 January 2021 amending the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (Belgian Official Gazette of 12 January2021). This translation was drawn up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.Föderaleröffentlicher Service Inneres12. January 2021 - Ministeryller Erlass Zur Abänderung des Ministerialian Lasses vom 28. October 2020 Zur Festlegung von Dringlichkeitsmaßnahmen Zur Eindämmung der Ausbreitungdes Coronavirus Covid -19Die Minister of the Inner, afgrund of the paints of the paints of the paints of the paints of the paints of the paints of the paints of the paints of the paints of painting of the paints of painting of the paints of painting of the paints of painting of painting of painting, the paints of painting of the paints of the paints of the paints of the paints of the paints of the paints of the paints of the paints23, the painting of the paints of paints23. Articles 4; AUFGRUNDDES GEETZES VOM 5. August 1992 über das Polizeiamt, of Article 11 und 42; Aufgrund des Gesetzesvom 15. Mai 2007 über die Zivile Sicherheit, of Article 181, 182 und 187; Aufgrund of the Ministerial Lasses Vom 28. October 2820. von Dringlichkeitsmaßnahmen Zur Eindämmung der Ausbreitungdes Coronavirus Covid-19; Aufgrund von Article 8 § 2 Nr. 1 und 2 des Gesetzes vom 15.Dezember 2013 zur Festlegung verschiedener Bestimmungen in Sachen administrative Vereinfachung ist vorliegenderErlass von der Auswirkungsanalyse beim Erlass von Vorschriften befreit;Aufgrund der Stellungnahmedes Finanzinspektors vom 11. Januar 2021;Aufgrund des Einverständnisses des Staatssekretärsfür Haushalt vom 12. Januar 2021 ; Aufgrund der am 12. January 2021 Abgegebenen Stellungnahmeder Minister, who is im rat darüber beraten; der Gesetzgebungsabteilung des Staatsrates innerhalb einer verkürztenFrist von fünf Tagen abzuwarten, insbesondere aufgrund der Notwendigkeit, Maßnahmen zu erwägen,die sich auf epidemiologische Ergebnisse stützen, die sich Tag für Tag weiterentwickeln, wobei die jüngstenErgebnisse die auf der Sitzung des Konzertierungsausschusses vom 8. Januar 2021 beschlossenen Maßnahm Entertigertt Haben; Dass es daher urgently Erforderlich isst, Mestimme Maßnahmen zu Erernundund Other Anzupassen; in Erwägung der Konzertierungen Zwischen the Regierungen of the Furierierteilgebiet und den Zuständigen Föderalen Behörden imtanden Sicherheitsratratratrat, am 10.undsratratratratratratrat, of am 10.undsratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratrat, am 10.und. . Und 24. April 2020, am 6., 13., 20. und 29. Mai 2020, am 3., 24. und 30. June2020, AM 10., 15., 23. und 27. July 2020, AM 20 . August 2020 und AM 23. September 2020 sister -to -eatist; in Erwägung of the Gees und der Gems und der Stellungnahmen der Rag und Desceleval; in Erwägung der Stellungnahme des Hohen Gesundheitsrates vom July 2020; inerwägung des der Europäischen Union, in Dem Das Prinzipder Vorsorge im Rahmen der Bewältigung Einer Internationalen Gesundheitskrise und der Aktiven Vorbereitungauf Einen Möglichen Krisenfall Anchert ist; Dass Dieses Prinzip VoraSetzt, Dass who Öffentlichenbehörden Bei der Feststellung, Dass Ein Ernst Risiko Höchstwahrscheinlich Eintreten Wird, UrgeeUnd Vorläufige Schutzmaßnom ergreifen) Derlägungecece) Derlägungecececaec) Derlägungecececeecde) Derlägungecec's) Derlägungecececebecd) derlägungecec's) Derlägungecec )d derlägungecect )d derlägungecect) Derlägungecec's) Derlägungecec )caec derlägungecececebecd) dervägungecec; 27. April 2016 Zum Schutznatürlicher Persons Bei der Verarbeitung Passenger Dating, Zum Freien Datenverkehr und Zur AuFhebungder Direct Line 95/46/EG; In Erwägung des Getzes vom 24. January 1977 übergens of Gesundheitor Bereich des Gesetzes vom 4.August 1996 über das Wohlbefinden der Arbeitnehmer bei der Ausführung ihrer Arbeit und seiner Ausführungserlasse;InErwägung des Zusammenarbeitsabkommens vom 25. August 2020 zwischen dem Föderalstaat, der Flämischen Gemeinschaft,der Wallonischen Region, der Deutschsprachigen Gemeinschaft und der Gemeinsamen Gemeinschaftskommissionin Bezug auf that mere insame Verarbeitung von Daten durch Sciensano und die von den zuständigen föderiertenTeilgebieten oder von den zuständigen Agenturen bestimmten Kontaktzentren, Gesundheitsinspektionsdiensteund mobilen Teams im Rahmen einer Kontaktermittlung bei (vermutlich) mit dem Coronavirus COVID-19 infiziertenPersonen auf der Grundlage einer Datenbank bei Sciensano;In Erwägung des Gesetzes Vom 9. October2020 Zur Billigung des Voorerwähnten Zusammenarbeitsabkommens vom 25. August 2020; in Erwägungdes Königlichen Erlasses vom 22May 2019 on the emergency planning planning and the coping with the emergency of municipal and provincial levels and the role of the mayors and the provincial organure on crisis events and in crisis situations that require coordination or coping with the national level; the federal phase with regard to the coordination and crisis management in relation to the Coronaviruscovide-19; in consideration of the "guideline for the opening of business", which is made available on the website of the federal service. by COVID-19 at work ", which is made available to employment, work and social concerts on the website of the federal service. on the website of the Federation of Economy; in consideration of the protocols, which are determined by the responsible ministers in concerting with the relevant sectors; in consideration of the recommendation (EU) of the Council of the European Union of August 7, 2020 to change the recommendation 2020/912 to gradually cancel the temporary restriction of not necessarily necessary trips to the EU; in consideration of the recommendation (EU) 2020/1475Des Council of 13 October 2020 for a coordinated procedure for restriction in the freedom of reveals of the COVID-19 pandemy; in consideration the explanation of the WHO in relation to the qualifying Coronavirus Covid-19, in particular with regard to the high transferability and dying risk; inheritance of the qualification of the Coronavirus Covid-19 as a pandemic that made by the WHO on March 11, 2020 March 16, 2020 The highest warning level in relation to the Coronavirus Covid-13au The calling that the global economy destabilizes and spreads quickly in the world; inner weighing the introductory speech of the WHO general director of October 12, 2020, in which it clearly made that the virus is mainly transferred between tight contacts and leads to outstanding epidemic, which could be contained by the implementation of targeted measures; inner consideration of the explanation of the WHO Europe General Director of October 15, 2020, in which he pointed out that the situation in Europe is very worrying and that the transmission and the transmission sources to the houses Public locations and in persons who do not follow the self-protection measures correctly, take place or to take place; in consideration of the explanatory general director of the WHO of October 26, 2020, in which he made it clear that the highest number of COVID-19 per week from 19 . October 2020 have been recorded and that all the strict to be taken to protect the employees of the health care sector; that schools and companies can remain open, but compromises must be made; that the general director confirms that the virus can be suppressed through fast and targeted action; inner weighing the explanations of the WHO general director of December 30, 2020 and January 5, 2021, in which he emphasized the importance of the measures until vaccination to continue the population; in consideration of the explanation of Dr. Hans Henri P. Kluge, Regional Director of the WHO for Europe, of January 7, 2021, in which he warns for caution, before being overwhelmed to abolish the applicable measures; inner weighing up the risk analysis of the European Center for Prevention and the Control of Diseases (ECDC) of December 20, 2020 on the "rapid increase of a SARS-COV-2 variant with several top von protein mutations that were observed in the United Kingdom" and from 29December 2020 "Access to the spread of new worrying SARS-COV-2 variants in the EU/in the EEA"; that DasecDC advises the Member States in this analysis to "consider guidelines to avoid necessary trips and social activities"; that particularly drastic measures are taken to avoid the further spread of the virus by reducing interpersonal contacts; that the entire national territory is affected by the danger; that it is important that for the conservation of public order is given a maximum of coherence for the measures taken, which maximizes your efficiency; However, the fact that local authorities have the opportunity to take stricter measures in their field in the event of an increase; in the consideration that Fürunser Land has been in alarm level 4 (very high alarm level) since October 13, 2020; The daily average of the new cases of contagion with the Coronavirus Covid-19in Belgium in the past seven days to 1816 again confirmed positive cases on January 11, 2021; in the consideration that a total of 1,955 Covid-19 patients in Belgian hospitals were treated; that a total of 371 patients were in intensive care units on the same day; inner weighing of the recent light increase in the number of new infection cases and the occupancy of the hospital beds; that the pressure on the hospitals and the continuity of care, which is not related to Covid-19 is very high and that the danger to public health continues; that hospitals still have to deal with disease -related personnel bottlenecks and that this can lead to a personnel deficiency health care sector; that it must be prevented from putting pressure on patients in the Demstaats area; in consideration that the epidemiological situation is already serious and precarious; that the incidence on January 11, 2021 is still 207.9Pro 100 in the 14-day middle000 inhabitants; that the reproduction rate based on the number of new infection cases is still below 1, but has increased again; that a further reduction of the numbers is necessary to find a way out of this dangerous epidemiological situation; that extensive and far -reaching measures remain necessary to keep them under control; in the consideration that uncertainty about the effects of the celebrations at the end of the year, the return from travelers and the start of school still insist on the number of infection; that a re -flaming virus on Belgian territory must avoid being relaxed too quickly; that for this reason the measures taken beforehand must be extended; It can already be determined that the positivity rate in the case of tested travel returners can increasingly be and can be considerable; in the consideration that due to the current epidemiological situation, a drastic limitation of social contacts and the permitted activities is required to avoid further increase in numbers ; In the consideration that the waiting times for driving license training and exams and for training to control aircraft; that this has harmful consequences for people who, for professional reasons, urgently need a driver's license or a qualification; that these training and exams are therefore allowed again; in the consideration that snow attracts large groups of people to practice winter sports; that many people come together on the skiing and cross-country slopes; that it is not possible to control the amounts of diemen in these places and that compliance with the rules of the social distance cannot be guaranteed; that this leads to an increased risk of transmission of the virus; that the ski slopes, cross -country slopes and ski centers have to remain closed for this reason; inner weighing of points 19 b) and 19 h) of the recommendation (EU) 2020/1475 of the council must work in traffic sector and Sailors are considered an essential employee and service provider; in the consideration that the requirement that employees in the transport sector and seafarers at the border crossing or after the border would have to be tested, lead to unnecessary queues and negatively impact on the waiting times when the limits are exceeded; The fact that employees in the transport sector and seafarers therefore do not have to be obliged to undergo a Covid-19 test; based on the urgency: Article 1-Article 3 of the Ministerial Erfute dated October 28, 2020 to determine urgency measures to improve the spread of the corona viruscovide 19 is changed as follows: 1. The following words are canceled in § 1 paragraph 1: "In the sectors construction, cleaning, agriculture and horticulture, as in Article 20 of Section 2 of Royal Decree No. 1 of December 29, 1992 on measures with regard to the payment of the payment and in Article 1 No. 1 of the Royal Erfar No. 22 of September 15, 1970, over the special regulation for farmers in terms of VAT, as well as activities in the meat sector, as in Article 2 of the Royal Decree of December 27, 2007 for the execution of Article 53 of the Code amicable entitlement and the forced entity of tax claims and non -tax claims and articles 12, 30bis and 30th of the law of June 27, 1969 on the revision of the decree of December 28, 1944 on the social security of the workers and of Article 6th of the Act of 4th August 1996 about that Well -being of the employees mentioned in the execution of their work, ". 2.in § 2 paragraph 1 are followed NDE words canceled: "In the sectors construction, cleaning, agricultural and gardening, as in Article 20 § 2 of the previously mentioned royal decree No. 1 of December 29, 19992 and in Article 1 No. 1 of the previous Royal Decree No. 22 of September 15th Mentioned in 1970, or activities in the meat sector, as mentioned in Article 2 of the above royal decree of December 272007, ". 3. Paragraph 3 is replaced as follows: "A living or self -employed person living abroad or self -employed, who is temporarily employed by an employer or user to carry out activities in Belgium, must bring the negative result of a tester, which at the earliest 72 hours before the start of his activity or Activity was carried out in Belgiaenden if it stays in Belgian territory for more than 48 hoursThis negative result can be checked by the danger prevention consultant work doctors and all services and institutions that are committed to monitoring compliance with the obligations in the context of the urgency measures. With the following wording added: "People who are in a workplace must comply with the obligations determined by the competent authorities. of the obligations imposed in the context of the urgency measures to contain the spread of the Coronaviruscovide -19, ask the persons concerned to provide evidence that they have the obligations specified by the responsible authorities keep. 3 - [Modification of the French text] Art.4 - In Article 7 of the same decree, § 2 is revoked. 5 - In Article 8 §4 paragraph 1 of the same decree, the words "Services through trade transactions, private and public businesses and services mentioned in the investment are necessary for the protection of life -important needs of the nation and the needs of the population." replaced by an in-end point and supplemented by the following words: "- Services by trading businesses, private and public businesses and services mentioned in the investment. And for training as a guide for aircraft with the aim of a professional qualification, in compliance with the modalities provided for in the applicable protocol. "Art. 6 - Paragraph3 of the same law is canceled. 7 - Article 21 of the same decree is changed as follows: 1. Paragraph 2 bis is canceled. 2. In paragraph 3 paragraph 1, the words "1, 2 and 2 bis" are replaced by the words "1 and 2". 3. Paragraph 7 is used by a paragraph 2 with the following wording: "In deviation from paragraph 1, the following categories of travelers do not have to show a negative test test: 1. If you travel to Belgium as part of your function: worker of the traffic service provider, including truck drivers, Diegüter for Preparing use in the territory, and those that are only on the passage,- soul,- "Border Force Officer" of the United Kingdom,- Borderstriper, 2nd student from neighboring countries who travel to Belgium as part of the compulsory lesson, 3. that travel to Belgium as part of the cross -border co -parents. "Art. 8-Article22 paragraph 1 of the same decree is replaced as follows: "As part of the fight against the Coronaviruscovid-19, the State Office for Social Security can be processed as contract processors for all services and institutions that are commissioned to combat the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 All services and institutions that are commissioned to monitor the containment of the spread of the Coronavirus COVID -19 imposed obligations as part of the urgency measures, with regard to the support of the tracer and review of clusters and personal health data in relation to the coronavirus covid-19 as well Contact, identification, employment and residence data from employees and self-employed collecting, combining and processing, also datamining and datamatching. "Art. 9 - Article 28 of the same decree is replaced as follows: "The issuing measures are required by March 1, 2021." Art. "Art. 10 - On the day of its publication in the Belgical State Blatt, the present will occur in Kraft.brussels, January 12, 2021a. PublishersPublication: 2021-01-27NUMAC: 2021020179federal Public Service Finance29 August 2019.-Royal Decree to amend some federal tax provisions to the Code of Companies and Associations and to the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 implementing the Code of Companies and Associations and and Associations and containing various provisions. - German translation of extracted following the following text is the German translation of Articles 1 to 25.27 and 38 to 40 of the Royal Decree of 29 August 2019 to amend some federal tax provisions to the Code of Companies and Associations and to the Royal Decree from 29 April2019 to the implementation of the Code of Companies and Associations and containing various provisions (Belgian Official Gazette of 13 September 2019). This translation was drawn up by the Central Voor German translation in Malmedy.federaler Öffentlicher Service Finanzen29.August 2019 - Königlicher Erlass Zur Anpassung Bestimmter FIDERALER STEUERRECHER BESTIMMUNGEN ANDAS GEETZBUCH DER GESELLSCHAFTEN UND Vereinigungen und den Königlichen Erlassen Erlassen Erlassen Erlassen Erlassen, April 2019 Zurausführung des Gesetzbuches der Gesellshaften Undhine Festongungungunsenlagen's Befinherlungen Wongungungenden en Gesetzbuches der Gesellschaften und Vereinigungen und des Königlichen Erlasses vom 29. April2019 zur Ausführung des Gesetzbuches der Gesellschaften und Vereinigungen die notwendigen Anpassungenan den föderalen steuerrechtlichen Bestimmungen angebracht, die in verschiedenen Königlichen Erlassenenthalten sind.Wie dies bereits beim Gesetz vom 17. März 2019 zur Anpassung bestimmter föderalersteuerrechtlicher Bestimmungen an das neue Gesetzbuch der Gesellschaften und Vereinigungen der Fall war,wird mit vorliegendem Erlassentwurf im Prinzip darauf abgezielt, die Neutralität dieses neuen Gesetzbuchesin steuerlicher Hinsicht zu gewährleisten, nicht aber wesentliche Abänderungen an diesen steuerrechtlichenBestimmungen anzubringen.Im Gesetz vom 23. März 2019 zur einführung des Gesetzbuches der Gesellsktenund Vereinigungen und Zur Festlegung Vigenener Bestimmungen Wird Gesellschaften, who am 1 January 2019 destoles, the besondere aufmerksamkeit with; für sie sind ausführliche überangsestimmungenVorgesehen. Für diese besthenden gesellschaften das alte gesellschaftsetzetzbuch einige Zeitanwendbar. Das Inkrafttreten des vorliegenden Entwurfs und seine Anwendung tragen dem Rechnung, indemsichergestellt wird, dass für Gesellschaften, die weiterhin dem Gesellschaftsgesetzbuch unterliegen,die in den Ausführungserlassen enthaltenen Verweise auf die Bestimmungen des Gesellschaftsgesetzbuchesbeibehalten werden und für Gesellschaften, die vorübergehend eine aufgehobene Rechtsform beibehaltenkönnen (z.B. landwirtschaftliche Gesellschaften oder wirtschaftliche Interessenvereinigungen), die Verweiseauf diese aufgehobenen Gesellschaftsformen in den Ausführungserlassen ebenfalls zeitweilig beibehaltenwerden.Für weitere Bemerkungen zu diesem Inkrafttreten wird auf die Begründung zu vorerwähntemGesetz vom 17. März 2019 verwiesen (Parlamentarische Arbeiten 54-3367-001).KAPITEL 1 - Abänderungenin Bezug auf die einkommensteuernabschnitt 1 - abänderungen des königlichen erlasses zur ausführungdes einkommensteuergesetzbuches 1992 (KE/ESTGB 92) Art. 1 bis 22 - Durch that Article 1 bis 22wird of the Ke/Estgb 92 An die Bestimmungen des Gesetzbuches der Gesellschaften und Verekigungen angerst.art.art 24 - Durch that Article 23 und 24 became anlage 3 Beziehungsweise Anlassesan Olassesbes Olassesbes Olassesbes Olassesbues Olassesbes Olassesbues der Gesellschaften und Vereinigungen angerpasst.abschnitt2 - Abänderungen are autonomous Verordnungsbestimmen in Bezug auf die einkommensteuernart.25 und 26 - Durch Article 25 Wird Article 1 nr. 5 Buchstabe c) des königlichen erlasses vom 17. July2013 über that Funtionsweise of in Article 322 § 3 des Einkommensteuergesetzetzetzentralen kontaktelle an who Bestimmungen of the königlichen vom's vomdes vom's vomdes vom's vomdases vomtasses vomtasses vomtasses vomtasses vomtasses vomtasses vomtasses vomtasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vom. Absatz 5 erster Dankenstrich des Königlichen Erlasses vom 18. Dezijn 2015 Zur Ausführung von article2 § 1 nr. 13 Buchstabe b) Absatz 2 des Einkommensteuergesetzbuches 1992, abgeändert durch Artikel1 des Königlichen Erlasses vom 21. November 2018, an die Bestimmungen des Gesetzbuches der Gesellschaftenund Vereinigungen angepasst.KAPITEL 2 - Abänderung in Bezug auf die MehrwertsteuerArt.27 - Die Abänderung, die durch Artikel 27 des Vorliegenden Entwurfs am Königlichen Erlass Nr. 20 Vom20. July 1970 Zur Festlegung der Mehrwertsteuersätze und Zur Einteilung der Güter und Dienstleistungennach Diesen Sätzen (Nachstehend: Königlicher Erlass nr20) is an immediate consequence of the new law book of the companies and associations. In Table Arubrik XXXII § 1 No. 1 letter c) and No. 3 of the system for previous royal decree No.20 has so far been on "companies with social Objective "referred. This term disappearance of the new code of companies and associations. From then on there is recognition in the legal form of cooperative, in which a public authority checks whether a certain company deserves the name "social enterprise". such are recognized, are therefore "recognized as social enterprises" or abbreviated "gen." The following is mentioned. 5 of the Cooperative Cooperative Cooperative and Associations. Chapter 3 to 5 is adapted to chapter 3 to 5, chapter 3 to 5: 1. The execution decree of March 3, 1927 on the code of various fees and taxes, 2. The royal decree of January 11, 1940 on the execution of the registration, mortgage and office fees code, 3. The royal issue of December 7, 2016 Removal of the demonstration of private -specific rental contracts for registration formality, 4. The royal decree of February 17, 2019 for the execution of various laws and to adapt various kingdoms, among other things with regard to the harmonization of the payment modalities within Acceptance and collecting of tax claims and non -tax claims commissioned by the Federal Service Finance. Article 31 is revoked a determination that relates to a tax that is even by the law of April 25, 2014 (the extraordinary tax on payments for long -term savings ) .Kapitel6 - Transitional determination, entry into force and execution provision for Articles 38 and 39 Determined Transitional determination and the entry into force of the provisions of the present draft. Tachten No. 66.408/1/V of July 31, 2019 is taken into account. De croo29. August 2019 - Royal decree to adapt certain federal tax regulations anda's law book of the companies and associations and the royal decree of April 29, 2019 to be carried out of the Code of Code of Companies and Associations and for the determination of various philippe, king of the Belgians, all present and future , Our greeting! On the basis of the constitution, Article 108; on the basis of the Code of Code of Code of Code of Law on April 25, 2014 to adapt the names of the administrations of the Federal Service Finance in the tax regulations and to determine different other law changes, the article 86; on the basis of the law of March 17, 2019 to adapt certain federal tax law provisions to the new code of law of companies and associations, Article 119 § 2; on the basis of the law of March 23, 2019 for the introduction of the Tzbuch der Compartments and Associations and for the determination of various provisions, Article 32; based on the Code of Code of Various Fees and Taxes, Article 199 Paragraph 3; based on the KE/EStGB 92; due to the royal decree of July 17, 2013 via the Function IDENER in Article 322 § 3 Central contact point mentioned in 1992 in 1992; due to the royal decree of December 18, 2015 for the execution of Article 2 § 1 No. 13 Bookstabeb) Paragraph 2 of the Income Tax Code 1992; on the basis of the Royal Decree No. 20. July 1970 to determine the value added tax rates and to divide the goods and services according to these sentences; on the basis of the execution decree of March 3, 1927 to the law book of various fees and taxes; due to the royal decree of 11 January 1940 on the execution of the execution, mortgage and office fees code ; Due to the royal decree of December 7, 2016 to regulate the dematerialized submission of private rental contracts for registration formality; due to the royal decree of 17February 2019 to be carried out by various laws and to adapt various royal decrees, among other things, in view of the harmonization of the payment modalities within the administration of the federal public service finance commissioned with the income and non -tax claims; based July 31, 2019, submitted in the application of Article 84 Section 1 (1) No. 2 of the laws about the State Council on January 12, 1973, at the proposal of the Vice Prime Minister and Minister of the Finance Bands. Income tax section 1 - Modifications of the royal decree to execute the Income Tax Code 1992 (KE/ESTGB92) Article 1 - in Article 3 No. 1 of the KE/EStGB 92, modified by the law of July 162008, the word "Social Service" is canceled . 2 - In the heading of Chapter 1 Section 5 of the same decree, the words "agricultural societies" are mentioned by the words "companies that are approved as agricultural companies as in Article 8: 2 of the Lechtsbuchesder Societies and Associations and which is the legal form of an open trading company of a limited partnership have "replaced .art. 3 - Article 12 of the same decree, modified by the royal decree of July 13, 2001, is changed as follows: 1. The words "agricultural associations" are mentioned by the words "companies that are approved as agricultural companies in Article 8: 2 of the Code of Codages and Associations and which have the legal forms of an open trading company or a limited partnership". The word "social capital" is replaced by the word "capital". 4 - In Article 15 No. 2desselben, the word "social capital" is replaced by the word "capital". 2 of the Code of Code of Codage and Association for a Society of Liability or a Cooperative Society, the option system is exerted on the option system at the beginning of the taxation period, in which the approval ends or the new legal form is accepted. Social. "Art. 6 - In Article 35 § 1 No. 1 of the same decree, replaced by the royal decree of December 7, 2008, the word "seat," The words "seat or" are also canceled. 7 - In Article 53/1 § 1 no. 2 of the same decree, inserted by the royal decree of January 12, 2017, the words "your company seat," are canceled. 8 - In Article 636 § 1 no. 3 of the same decree, inserted by the royal decree of September 1, 1995, the word "corporate capital" is replaced by the word "capital". 9 - Article 734/2desselben enacted, inserted by the royal decree of December 19, 2014 and modified through the royal decree of January 27, 2017, is changed as follows: 1. Paragraph 1 is changed: a) In the introductory sentence, the word "social purpose" is replaced by the word "object". : 21 of the Code of Codage and Associations "replaced. 2. Paragraph 2 is changed as follows: a) In the introductory set, the word "social purpose" is replaced by the word "object". 21 of the Code of Code of Code. 10 - In Article 734 -Septies sales 2 of the same decree, inserted by the royal decree of September 17, 2005, the words "Article 92 § 2 of the Social Code" are replaced by the words "Article 3: 1 § 2ddeskluch der Companies and Associations". 11 - In Article 737desselben enacted, inserted by the royal decree of November 29, 2000 and changed through the royal decrees of July 30, 2010 and December 5, 2011, the words "via a company seat" are canceled. 12 - in Article 74 paragraph 2 No.1 Fourth stroke of the same will be issued "by the words" by the words "of an proper decision in accordance with the Coordinated Laws on the Commercial Society for the Commercial Society for the Deployment of the Company Capital" by an properly made decision of the company in accordance , in accordance with the determinant right that it is subject to "replaced .art. 13 - Article 87 of the same decree, at the very short time due to the royal decree of May 22, 2017, is changed as follows: 1. In No. 5 letter b) the words "your corporate or unification purpose, your statutory or your contractual purpose" are replaced by the words "of your subject". 2. In No. 7, words "members of civil law societies or associations without legal persons" by the words "members of societies or associations without legal personality" replaced. Finally modified by the royal decree of July 19, 2018, is changed as follows: 1. In § 1 paragraph 3 No. 3 letter g) 24 §§ 1 to 6 of the law book of the companies and associations "replaced. 2. In § 3 letter c) No. 5, the words "Article 15 §§ 1 to 6 of the Society Code" are replaced by the words "Article 1:24 §§1 to 6 of the Code of Commercials and Associations". 15 - In Article 101bis of the same decree, inserted by the royal decree of April 4, 2003, the word "company seat" is replaced by the words "statutory seat". 16 - Article 105 paragraph 1 of the same estate, most recently amended by the royal decree of March 3, 2011, is changed as follows: 1. In No. 1 letter c) The second focus is on the words "Article 11 or 12 of the Social Code" by the words "Article 1:20 or 1:21 of the Code of Codage and Associations" replaced. 2. In No. 1 letter h) the word "commercial companies" is replaced by the word "societies". 3. In No. 6, letter a) is made by the words ", whereby the references to" Société privée à responsabilité limitée "/" Beslot vennoTschapmet worried AANSSPROKELIJKHEID "in relation to the company. Reference to "Société à Responsabilité Limitée"/"Beslot VennoTschap", that is, to understand the "society with limited liability" ". 17 - Article 106 of the same decree, most recently changed by the royal decree of May 8, 2018, is changed as follows: 1. In § 2, the word "company seat," and the word "social purpose" is replaced by the word "object". 2. In § 5 paragraph 3, letter a) is made by the words ", whereby reference to companies according to Belgian law the references to" Société privée à responsabilité limitée "/" BeslotenVnootschap Met Perpated aanSprakelijkheid ", on" Société Coopérative à Responsabilité Limitée "/" CoöperaVennotschap Met Performance AanSprakelijkheid "and" Société Coopérative à Responsabilité Illimitée "/" Coöperatievevennootschap Met Onbeperken AanSprakelijkheid "and on" Société en Commandite Simple "/" Gewonen CommanditaTairevennoSchap ", that is, on the" private company with limited adhesion "," commemorative liability ". "And the" Cooperative with unlimited liability "and to the" simple limited partnership ", as a reference to" Société à Responsabilité Limitée "/" Besloten VennoTschap "," Société Coopérative "/" CoöperatieVennotschap "and" Société en Commandite "/" Commanditaire Vennoustschap ", that is, on" society with limited liability ", the" cooperative " The "limited partnership", added to the "limited partnership". 18 - Article 107 § 2 of the same decree, recently modified by royal decree of July 31, 2009, is changed as follows: 1. In No. 1 the words "private law Belgian societies, associations, organisms or institutions" are replaced by the words "domestic societies, private law Belgian associations, organism or institutions". In No. 6, the words "private law societies, associations, institutions or branches" are replaced by the words "domestic societies, private law associations, institutions or branches". 19 - In Article 1111bis § 2 of the same decree, inserted by the royal decree of January 20, 2005 and changed by the royal decree of May 22, 2017, the word "company seat," is canceled20 - in Article 117 § 2 letter b) of the same decree, recently amended by the royal decree of May 22, 2017, the word "social purpose" is replaced by the word "subject". Most recently changed by the royal decree of1. April 2007, the words "with a company seat" are replaced by the words "with a statute -based manner". 22 - Article 220 of the same decree is changed as follows: 1. In No. 1, the words ", your company seat" are canceled. In No. 2 the words ", your company seat" are canceled. 23 - In Appendix 3 Chapter 5 of the same decree, the heading of section 7 is replaced as follows: "Section 7 - profits and profits of non -regional shareholders or members of companies or associations without legal personality in the Sinnevon Article 29 of the Income Tax Code 1992 As in Article 22 of the same Code ( .Art. 24 - in Appendix 3th point III letter a/1) of the same decree, inserted through royal decree of July 19, 2018, the words "Article 15 §§ 1 to 6 of the Service Code" are given by the words "Article 1:24 §§ 1 to 6 of the law book of the companies and associations. 25 - in Article 1 No. 5 Letters) of the royal decree of July 17, 2013 on the functionality of the central contact point mentioned in Article 322 of the Income Tax Code 1992 The words "Article 95 §1 of the Royal Decree of January 30, 2001 are carried out of the Society Code "through the word" Article 3:89 of the Royal Decree of April 29, 2019 to execute the law book "Capitals 2 - Change in relation to VAT type. . 1 letter c) and No. 3 of the facility for the royal decree. 20 dated July 20, 1970 to determine VAT rates and to classify the goods and services according to these sentences, the words "Society with Social Oovement" are replaced by the words "in accordance with Article 8: 5 of the Code of Cooperative and Associations". (...) Chapter 6 - Transitional determination, entry into force and execution type. 38 - As long as the code of law of companies and, according to associations, Chapter 4 of the Law of March 23, 2019 for the introduction of the Code of Code of Corporations and Associations and to determine various provisions is not applicable to a society, association or foundation, every reference to a determination of the Code of the Law of the Societies and the Royal Decree of April 29, 2019 on the execution of the Code of Code of Administration and Associations, which occurs in one of the decrees for the execution of the Income Tax Code1992, the VAT Code, the Code of Code of Various Fees and Tax, the inheritance Tax Code, the Registration Mortgary and law firm fee code and the special legal provisions that are applicable to these taxes as far as this society, association or foundation concerns, referring to the determination of the Social Code, its detail NGSlasses or other special legal regulations that occurred in these tax law provisions before the present decree came into force. 39 - Article 1, 3 No. 2, 4, 6 to 26, 28 No. 2, 29, 30, 32 No. 1und 2, 33, 34 No. 2 and 36 will be effective on May 1, 2019. 2, 3 No. 1, 5 and 27 and effective on May 1, 2019 and will be applicable to the companies mentioned therein from the day on which the provisions of the Code of Code of Companies and Associations that relate to them are applicable. Art. 40 - The minister responsible for finance is commissioned to carry out the present decree. De crooPublication: 2021-02-09NUMAC: 2021020317WAALS REGISTER SERVICE 4 February 2021.-Decree of the Walloon Government to implement Article 47/17bis of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health with regard to the Protocol for the implementation of phase 1.a.2 of the COVID 19 vaccination program for adults with regard to the collective care and auxiliary institutions, in view of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health, in particular for article 47/17bis inserted by the decision of the Walloon Government of Special Powers No. 68 of 16 Decvember 2020 to insert an Article 47/17bis into the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health with regard to the vaccination of adults against COVID-19; Having regard to the proposal for a protocol to implement phase 1.a.2. of the COVID 19 vaccination program for adults Watpeelt the collective care institutions, of the Walloon COVID-19 and the Walloon Agency of Health, Social Protection, Handicap and Families, received on January 19, 2021; Having regard to the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on January 19, 2021; Having regard to the approval of the Minister of Budget, given on January 19, 2021; Having regard to the gender report of 19 January 2021 in accordance with article 4, 2 °, of the decree of 3 March 2016 implementing the resolutions of the women's conference man de United Nations that took place in Beijing in September 1995 and to integrate the gender dimension all of the all of the regional policies for the matters regularly pursuant to Article 138 of the Constitution; in view of the advice of the inter-franse consultation body of 25 January 2021 and the consultation in the Intra-Fran-speaking Ministerial Committee for Consultation of 25 January 2021;718/4 of the Council of State, given on January 27, 2021, in accordance with Article84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973; in view of the urgent necessity inspired by the context of the health crisis and the vital importance for public health and to prevent the revival of the pandemic in connection with COVID-19, that the necessary measures on vaccination can be taken; in view of the consultation meetings intersections, the governments of the sub-areas and the competent federal authorities, in the National Security Council that has been gathering since the beginning of March 2020; in view of Article 191 of the EU Treaty in which the precautionary principle is stuck in the context of the management of an international sanitary crisis and the active preparation on the potential incidents of these crises; That this principle means that if a serious risk can in all probability, the public authorities must take urgent and provisional measures; in view of the explanation of WHO in connection with the characteristics of the Coronavirus COVID-13, in particular the strong infectiousness and the risk of mortality; predominantly who labeled the Coronavirus Covid-19 on 11 March 2020 as a pandemic; predominantly who on March 16, 2020, his threat level for the Coronavirus Covid-19, who destabilizes the world's world quickly, into the highest, into the highest, into the highest, into the highest, into the highest, into the highest, into the highest. has raised grade; in view of the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 on European territory and in Belgium; in view of the urgent necessities, the health risk that the Coronavirus Covid-19 entails for the Belgian population; and to limit it is necessary immediately the measures taken into consideration which appear indispensable in terms of public health; mostly the danger spreads throughout the territory of the entire country; that in the public interest that it is given coherence to the measures taken to maintain public order, so that its effectiveness is highest possible; require; predominantly COVID-19 is still circulating on European and Belgian territory; health risicovan exceptional and unprecedented nature; At the beginning of 2021 started with the Personee and the residents in the retirement homes are the vaccination of the public to which the current phase relates, will start in January 2021; mostly the urgent necessity is justified ". Happet to the law of December 22, 2020 holding -diverse measures with regard to rapid antigen tests and the registration and processing of data relevant vaccinations in the context of the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie, in particular on Article11; Having regard to the Royal Decree of 24 December 2020 on registration and processing of data with regard to vaccinations against COVID-19; on the decision of the Walloon government of 4 January 2021 to implement Article 47/17bis of the Walloon Code of Social Actions Health with regard to the Protocol for the implementation of phase 1.a.1 of the COVID 19 vaccination program Adult in terms of the adult retirement homes and the rust and care homes on the decision of the interministerial confe rental of 3 December 2020; Whereas the vaccination phased is, taking into account the available doses; whereas there were therefore priority -stable, in consultation with each sub -area and the federal government; predominantly the second vaccination in phase 1.a2 is aimed at residents and staff of collective care and auxiliary institutions, including volunteers; whereas this is priority related to the vulnerability of this category of residents, who probably develop more serious or fatal forms of the COVID-19 Infectiezles; that in contact with these residents is also vaccinated in the first place as the staff is a source of infection for the residents and that the logic of the vaccinations exists in it, in the same phase to fully protect the collective care and auxiliary institutions' as well as must be vaccinated; this protocol also contains contextual elements, in the interest of the readability and predictability of the regulatory standard, the nomination of the Minister of Health; after deliberation, decision: Article 1. This Decree regulates, in accordance with Article 138 of the Constitution, a matter intended in Article 128, § 1, of it.Art. 2. The government assumes the protocol for phase 1.a.2, with regard to the collective care and auxiliary institutions of the COVID 19-vaccination program Adults referred to in Article 47/17bis of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health, stated Appendix to this decision.Art. 3. This decision has elaboration on January 15, 2021.Art.4. The Minister of Health is charged with the implementation of this decision. Names, 4 February2021. For the government: the Prime Minister, e. Di Rupode Minister's Employment, Training, Health, Social Action, Equal Opportunities and Women's Rights, CH.Morrealbijlagebijlage in the decision of the Walloon Government Totation of Article 47/17bis of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health with regard to the Protocol for the Implementation of Implementation phase 1.a.2 of the COVID 19 vaccination program for Adult what is the collective care and auxiliary institutions "Protocol for the implementation of phase 1.a.2. of the vaccination program for adults against COVID-19, regarding the collective care- and auxiliary institutions. The head principles of the Belgian vaccination strategy against COVID-19 are the following: The inter-ministerial conference Public Health of 11 November 2020 has established the main principles, underlying Belgian vaccination strategy:-vaccinal coverage with a purpose of prioritary; Groups based on scientific advice;- free vaccination summit voluntary B ASIS for every citizen- co-financing of the joint vaccination program of the federal government and the sub-areas.- These decisions are linked to following conditions and data:- massive vaccination campaigns where the vaccines are supplied to grant dose apflacons, to administer the same day- Belgium one or more targeting and make safe vaccines against COVID-19 available.-The capacity of the Belgian Health System for the gradual and effective distribution and vaccination of the population, whereby the authorities for public health are supported by the Interfederal Task Force "Vaccin COVID-19", founded on 16 November2020 Through the interministerial Public Health Conference, the joint health structures of the country including Sciensano and the Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products (FAGG). The Vaccinet+ registration software is used by all sub-areas for this.- Dewed to overcome the restraint towards the vaccine in such a way that the population endorses this strategy on public health. 18 years). Children and pregnant or breastfeeding women are not yet served at this stage, there is a special provision facilities for women of fertile age. There will, where appropriate, a vaccination card will be awarded to every person who has received the vaccination against COVID-19. ACCINIATION phases Prioritarian Target Groups: The Interministerial Conference Public Health has decided on December 3, 2020, based on the Task Force recommendation "Advies For the operationalization of vaccination strategy against COVID-19 for Belgium "to approve the advice of the High Health Council scientists. That document provides for a phased access of Deprioritarian Target Groups to the COVID -19Vaccin. The COVID -19 vaccination is dated in function of these priorities. The second priority group, identified by the Interministerial Public Health Conference in Phase 1.a.2, the residents and staff of the collective care and auxiliary institutions, with the exception of the retirement homes, the residential and care centers, metin concept of the short stays, the service flats and the day care and reception centers, including the volunteers, the interns or the students Whether the staff made available by third parties, as well as the persons who carry out their activities there, fall under the following sectors:- disabled policy;- Healthcare policy;- policy in social action. The protocol developed in that document intends only phase 1. A.2. What is the collective care and auxiliary institutions. When drawing up this procedure, the data in is related to the distribution and vaccination only available for the Pfizer vaccine (vaccine of Hettype mrna). It only concerns the residents in these housing structures of the French language area, as well as the professional practitioners and volunteers who are regularly active there. Procedure and data current for phase 1.a.2 (regarding the collective care and auxiliary institutions) the vaccinations counter-covid-19 French language area are administered, registered by the person who has administered the vaccine, or by his authorized representative. The doctor (who remains ultimately responsible) or the nurse who is responsible for a vaccine against COVID-19 or with supervision, must be legally legal for themselves framework to be registered in the Vaccinet+. All COVID-19 vaccines for the set target group are made available to the vaccinators by the governments. They must be ordered in the ordering and registration system determined in SOP (Standard Operating Procedures), prepared by the Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products, according to the rules Die D e Governments have stated in advance. Phasing of the actions for phase 1.a.2 (regarding the collective care and auxiliary institutions) a. Joint organization of the distribution of the Pfizer vaccine by the interfederal task force and the Walloon Neighborhood Hubs, equally spread over the territory of the French language area in general hospitals that have a cooling capacity -on -80 ° C, are based on their storage capacity and with their approval Indicated. Collective care and auxiliary institution is linked to one of these hubs, based on territorial ability. The total number of residents and staff members of the joint institutions determine the number of vaccines that must be ordered from the central hub. In the follow -up to phase 1.a.2.kan the number of hospital hubs are extended to the other hospitals of the French language area, according to the same Rules regarding availability of the cooling capacity.b. Operationalization of the distribution of the MRNA vaccine of Pfizerde order, the storage and distribution of the vaccine meet the "Standard Operating Procedures" (SOP), laid down by the Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products.c. Organization of the vaccination in the collection and auxiliary institutions of the end user who performs or coordinates the vaccination over the SOPs: the vaccine bottle is exposed to room temperature for 30 minutes and puts each vaccine bottle (solution with 1.8 ml of physiological water) within 2 hours again With the resolved liquid that makes 6 vaccinations of 0.3 ml possible. The resolved vaccine remains together for 6 hours temperature of 2 to 30 ° C. The person to vaccinate carries a surgical mask, disinfected his hands and lives on the barrier actions. in collaboration with the treating doctors, with the support of the Regional Governments, the residents, their family or legal representative in advance, have inquired the oral consent of the resident or, provisions, in accordance with the SOPs. The doctors in the occupational medicine, with the support of the regional authorities, the we rkers from regardless of which category, the oral approval of the employee, in accordance with the SOPs. The number of permanent residents and employees who want to be vaccinated in advance is transferred to the hospital hub, with due observance of the periods determined in the SOPs.Drijst with furniture, computer equipment and medical material is charged by the doctors in the institution with the vaccination, before the start of the vaccination (see Appendix A). The administrative management and medical anamnesis with regard to, mainly, the potential Contra-indications The allergy risks precede the intramuscular injection. This is followed by a 15 to 30 -minute supervision in a room where social distancing measures must be possible, with supervision the allergy risksIntroducing the vaccination data in Vaccinnet+ Agreement Existing Legal Framework is followed by recording the agreement for the injection of Detweede Vaccindosis (on day 21 for the Pfizer vaccine). Places where the vaccination is carried out preventing the joint residents and staff from From the collective care and auxiliary institutions must be moved, the vaccination is performed in these institutions itself, located in the French-language area. Communication and Evaluation type: a general communication about COVID-19, the vaccination and the vaccination process is addressed in advance to the management of this Institutions, to the residents and to the staff, as well as to the doctors or doctors' organizations that are with the vaccination tax. This communication consists in particular:- sending the weekly newsletter of Vaccinet+;- sending the training equipment of vaccinnet+;- the creation of visual information carriers and/or dialogue support means for the patient/caregiver; -the website for Aviq, including a list of FAQ available for professional users; organizing webinars and the management of the questions that are discussed there. In terms of the vaccination, the data concerning the number of residents and staff or others who need to be vaccinated will be, those who first have received a dose, and then the second dose, in the AviQ's plasma data bank after the vaccination by the institutions depending on whether it concerns residents, staff or other persons. The effects of the vaccination on the prevalence of COVID-19 in These settings are also registered there. e nurse registered in Vaccinnet+ or the web portal of the Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products. Appendix A: List of equipment and the medicines required in SOP Vaccination:- Basic equipment:- Watchwatch hall with the possibility of social distancing and posting contraintications- hydrohalcoholic line Vaccination room: ° forehead thermometer ° blood pressure meter ° stethoscope refrigerator to store medicines, at a temperature between 2 and 8 degrees, with an occupied temperature registration or a thermometer that makes 2 temperature admissions per day, fridge or local garbage bags and- Baking for B1 waste-waste-dirt trays for B2 waste, empty vaccine bottles, spraying and needles- vaccination balance is large enough for 2 people, and illuminated- at least 2 tables and 4 chairs (sufficient distance storage)- running water for hand-washed protection of private life care SWENGER with hydroalcoholic solutions, wipes and disinfectant for surfacesb. Informatics equipment:- at least 1 PC, 1 ID card reader, 1 barcode scanner and QR code scanner, 1 printer- If possible Wi-Fi connection, WiFi code available- access to the vaccination software "Vaccinet+" C. - Gloves-Optional: keel, glasses, or facial screen. Equipment for the preparation and administration of the vaccine spray of 3 ml, with a gradation of 0.1 ml, and 18G spray needle, ampoules NaCl0.9% for vaccino solution spray 1 ml, gradation with 0.1 ml and injection needle with 23 or 25 gauge compresses,- alcohol disinfecting wipes for bottle, individually packaged banned. Equipment for patients:- anaphylactic and allergy kit with at least 2 ampoules adrenaline1 mg/1 ml, 2 1 ml spray with 1 ml gradation, 2 needles 18 g, 2 Needles 21 g, 2 Needles 23 g, Solum roller Ampullen- antihistamin tablets- sugary beverages. the Protocol for the implementation of phase 1.a.1 of the COVID 19 vaccination program for adults in terms of retirement homes and the rest and care homes, 4 February 2021. For the government: the Prime Minister, etc. Rupode Minister of TEW Erkstelling, Training, Health, Social Action, Equal Opportunities and Women's Rights, Ch. Correation