Publication: 2021-03-04NUMAC: 2021020445Federal Public Service Chancellery of the Prime Minister and Federal Public Service Finance 4 February 2021.-Royal Decree amending the Royal Decree of 9 November 2020 establishing the College for the Fight against the Fiscal and Social Fraud Filip, King of the Belgians, to all who are now and will hereinafter refer to our greeting. HELL -HELDOP Article 37 of the Constitution; Having been set up in the Royal Decree of 29 April 2008 establishing the Ministerial Committee for the Fight against Fiscal and Social Fraud; In view of the decree of 23 October 2020 instructions of the members of the Ministerial Committee for the fight against the tax and social fraud; in view of Article 2, § 1, of the Royal Decree of 9 November 2020 establishing the College for the fight against the tax and social fraud; Having regard to Article 8 of the Act of 15 December 2013 containing various provisions regarding address icrative simplification, this decision is exempt from a regulation impact analysis, because it concerns provisions of car regulation; in view of the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on January 13, 2021; in view of the agreement of the State Secretary for Budget, given on January 18, 2021; The nomination of our prime minister and the vice-teaching ministers, charged with the coordination of the fight against fraud, and on the advice of our council met ministers, we have decided and we decide: Article 1. In article 2, § 1, first Member of the Royal Decree of 9 November 2020 establishing the College for the Fight against Fiscal and Social Fraud, the introductory sentence is replaced: "The college is chaired by the Minister of Finance, charged with the Fraud fight against, or his representative, and vice-prescribed by the Minister of Economics, or his representative. The Commission is also composed of: "Art. 2. Our first minister and our vice-first minister and Minister of Finance, charged with the coordination of the fight against fraud, each he is concerned, charged with the implementation of this decision. February 2021.Filipvan Koningsweight: The Prime Minister, A.DE Croode Vice-Prime Minister and Minister of Finance, charged with the coordination of the fight against fraud, v.van PeteghemPublication: 2021-02-23Numac: 2021020452Waalse Government Service18 February 2021.-Decree of the Walloon Government to implement Article 47/17bis of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health with regard to the Protocol for the implementation of phase 1.a.4 of the COVID 19-vaccination program for adult with regard to the first-line assistance and primary care government, in view of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health, in particular Oparticel 47/17BIS inserted by the decision of the Walloon Government of Special Powers no. 68 of 16 December 2020 to insertion of an Article 47/17bis in the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health with regard to the vaccination of adults against COVID-19; Having regard to the proposal for a protocol to implement phase 1.a.4. Of the COVID 19 vaccination program for adults, the first-line assistance and first-line care, of the Walloon cell COVID-19 and the Walloon Agency of Health, Social Protection and Families, received on 3 February 2021 January 2021; , given on 2 February 2021; Having regard to the consent of the Minister of Budget, given on 3 February 2021; Having regard to the report drawn up on 1 February 2021 in accordance with Article 4, 2 °, of the decree of 3 March 2016 on implementation of the resolutions of the Women's Conference of the United Nations that took place in Beijing in September 1995 and for the integration of the gender dimension in the whole of the regional policy lines for the matters arranged under Article 138 of the Constitution; in view of the advice of theinter-Franstal) of 10 February 2021 and the consultation in the intra-France-speaking ministerial committee for consultation of 10 February 2021; in view of oh P The advice 68808/4 of the Council of State, given on February 10, 2021, in accordance with Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the Laws Op de Raad van State, coordinated on January 12, 1973; Having regard to the urgent necessity of the context of the health crisis and the vital importance for public health and to prevent the revival of the pandemic in connection with COVID-19 that the necessary measures can be taken into account; in view of the consultations between the governments of the areas and the competent federal authorities, in the National Security Council that has been gathering since early March 2020; in view of Article 191 of the EU Treaty in which the precautionary principle is stuck in the context of the management of an international sanitary crisis and the active preparation on the potential incidents of these crises; That this principle means that if a serious risk can in all probability, the public authorities must take urgent and provisional measures; in view of the explanation of WHO in connection with the characteristics of the Coronavirus COVID-13, in particular the strong infectiousness and the risk of mortality; predominantly who labeled the Coronavirus Covid-19 on 11 March 2020 as a pandemic; predominantly who on March 16, 2020, his threat level for the Coronavirus Covid-19, who destabilizes the world's world quickly, into the highest, into the highest, into the highest, into the highest, into the highest, into the highest, into the highest. has raised grade; in view of the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 on European territory and in Belgium; in view of the urgent necessities, the health risk that the Coronavirus Covid-19 entails for the Belgian population; and to limit it is necessary immediately the measures taken into consideration which appear indispensable in terms of public health; mostly the danger spreads throughout the territory of the entire country; that in the public interest that it is given coherence to the measures taken to maintain public order, so that its effectiveness is highest possible; require; predominantly COVID-19 is still circulating on European and Belgian territory; health risicovan exceptional and unprecedented nature; At the beginning of 2021 started with the Personee and the residents in the retirement homes are the vaccination of the public to which the current phase relates, in the course of the month of February2021 will start; population by protecting itself, guaranteeing in the continuity of care and assistance; relating to vaccinations in the battle against the COVID-19 Pandemie, in particular Article 11; Having regard to the Royal Decree of 24 December 2020 on the registration and processing of data with regard to vaccinations against COVID-19; in view of the decision of the Interministerial Conference Fan 3 December 2020; Taking into account the available doses; Both relation to healthcare providers who under Royal Decree Nr78 Fall as a professional practitioners that are exposed by their activities with risk groups to COVID-19; predominantly professional practitioners who come into contact with these risk groups in the first line, also initially vaccinated, since they are an infection carrier for risk groups and that logic to protect all risk groups in the same phase from vaccinationis , Decree: Article 1. This Decree regulates, in accordance with Article 138 of the Constitution, a matter referred to in Article 128, § 1, of it. The government assumes the protocol for the implementation of phase 1.a.4, with regard to the first-line aids of first-line care of the COVID 19-vaccination program for adults referred to in Article 47/17bis of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health, stated in Annex to this decision.art.3. This decision has effect from 3 February 2021.Art. 4. The Minister of Health is charged with the implementation of this decision names, 18 February 2021. For the government: Deminister President, e. Di Rupode Minister of Employment, Training, Health, Social Action, Equal Opportunities and Women's Rights, Ch. MORREALBIJLAGEBIJ The decision of the Walloon Government to implement Article 47/17bis of the Walloon Code of Vitocial Action and Health with regard to the Protocol for the implementation of phase 1.a.4 of the Covid 19 vaccination program for adults in terms of first-line and first-line care "Protocol for the implementation of phase 1.a.4 of the vaccination program for adults against COVID-19, with regard to first-line assistance and first-line care. The main principles of the Belgian vaccination strategy against COVID-19 are the following: the Interministerial Public Health Conference of 11 November2020 has the main principles determined, underlying to the Belgian vaccination strategy:- vaccinal coverage with a purpose of 70 % of the population;- Determining the priority groups on the basis of scientific advice;- free vaccination on a voluntary basis for each citizen;- co-financing of the joint vaccination program by the federal government The decisions are linked to the following conditions and data: -Massive vaccination campaigns where the vaccines are supplied in multi-dose flacons, serve the same day- Belgium available one or more effective and safe vaccines against COVID-19 Health system for the gradual and effective distribution and the vaccination of the population, in which the Public Health Authorities supported by the Interfederal Task Force "Vaccin COVID-19", founded on 16 November 2020 by the Public Health Inter-Ministerial Conference, the joint Health structures of the country, Subolish and Het and Het. Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products (FAGG). To this end, the registration software vaccinet+ is used by all sub-areas.- The will to overcome restraint by persuasion and transparency and to ensure that the population endorses this strategy on public health. year). Children and pregnant women are not yet served at this stage, a special provision is provided for women of fertile age (there are contraindications for pregnant women, except in special cases in which the situation is strictly based on a medical analysis requires). A vaccination card can, where appropriate, can be awarded to any person who has received the vaccination against COVID-19. For the operationalization of the vaccination strategy against COVID-19 for Belgium "to approve the advice of the scientists of the High Health Council. That document provides for a phased access of Deprioritarian Target Groups to the COVID-19 vaccine. The COVID-19 vaccination is dated in function of these priorities. The fourth group that is labeled as a priority by the Interministerial Public Health Conference in Phase 1.a .4 focuses on primary care helps. First -line care. The protocol developed in the document only aims for phase 1.a.4. What is the first -line assistance and first -line careThe vaccines that must be administered in this phase are the Pfizer vaccine and the Modernna vaccine (vaccines of the mrna type), as well as the AstraZeneca vaccine (vaccine of the adenovirus type), the administration recommendations of which are deregistering of these procedure. The use of another vaccine means that a specific administration recommendation issued by the Fagg. The Protocol relates to:- the care provider by Royal Decree No. 78, including the care providers' ambulanciers of the urgent demand. (st), the social family helpers, the home pickers (for sick children included), the emergency services for families and elderly persons referred to in Articles219 and following of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health, decree part. The coordinators (m/f) of the centers for the coordination of home help and home care, referred to in Articles434 and the following of the same Code. of daily life, early assistance, guidance for adults, engaging in the labor circuit of handicapped young people, supervised For family shelter for disabled persons who are exposed or threatened to patients who could suffer from COVID-19.- The osteopaths, the dental assistants with regular performance of their activities in primary care and first-line assistance. Data flow for phase 1.a.4 : The vaccinations against COVID-19 that were administered in the French language area are registered by the person who has given the vaccine, or by his-competent. The doctor (who remains ultimately responsible) or the nurse who admits a vaccine covid-19 or with supervision is taxed, in accordance with the existing legal framework, it must register in the Vaccinet+.s. All COVID-19 vaccines for the established target group made available to the vaccinators by the authorities. They must be ordered in the ordering and registration system determined in the SOP (Standard Operating Procedures), drawn up by the Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products, according to the rules that the governments committed in advance. Phasing of the actions in phase 1.a.4a. Joint organizational fan The distribution of the Pfizer, Moderna and Astrazeneca-vaccines by the interfederal task force and Hetwaal's Neighborhood Hubs, equally distributed over the territory of the French-Stable area in general hospitals that have a cooling capacity for the Pfizer vaccity on -80 ° C are designated on the basis of their storage capacity and with their approval, as well as two main centers Inronquières and Bierset.de Modernna settings have a cooling capacity at -20 ° C. deastrazeca settings have a cooling capacity at 2 to 8 ° C.The total Number of vaccines that must be ordered from the central hub is determined by the sum of staff members in primary care and first-line assistance. The hospital pharmacies in the Pfizer-hubs and decentralized hubs for Moderna and Astrazeneca divide the vaccines, according to their availability, in the vaccination centers for this this Phase 1.a.4. These vaccination centers are determined, among other things, on the basis of the geographical criteria, where its list is available on the website of the "Agence Wallonne Pour une vie dequalité" .b. Operational development of the distribution of the MRNA vaccines from Pfizer and Modernaenen of the AstraZeneca-vaccinct order, the storage and distribution of each vaccine answering the "Standard Operating Procedures" (SOP), laid down by the Federal Agency for Health Products.c . Preparation of the Pfizer-vaccinating physician Derie performs or coordinates the vaccination: the vaccine bottle is taken out of deck box (2 to 8 ° C), is exposed to room temperature for 30 minutes and each vaccine bottle (solution with 1.8 ml of physiological water is exposed ) is re -assembled within 2 hours, with the resolved fluid that makes 6 vaccinations of 0.3 ml possible. The solved vaccine remains collecting for 6 hours of 2 to 30 ° C.D.D. Preparation of the Moderna-Accesscordinating Arts, who performs or coordinates the vaccination, takes over the SOPs: the vaccine bottle is removed from the refrigerator (2 to 8 ° C), for 15 minutes of room temperature is exposed to the vaccination. . No single solution is needed, every 5 ml bottle makes 10 vaccinations of 0.5 ml possible. This is the contents of the bottle within six hours. As soon as the vaccine is in the syringe, it must be used immediately. The thawed modern vaccine is brittle, it should not be shaken.Preparation of the AstraZeneca vaccine vaccinating doctor, who performs or coordinates the vaccination, takes over the SOPs: the vaccine bottle is taken out of the fridge (2 to 8 ° C), and the vaccination is started inside for 6 hours. No solution is required, every 5 ml bottle makes 10 vaccinations of 0.5 ml possible. So the vaccine is in the syringe, it must be used immediately.f. Organization of the vaccination in the vaccination center Arts of the end user, who performs or coordonizes the vaccination, takes the SOPs of the vaccinover to be administered. The candidate to be vaccinated must be used in the vaccination code assigned vaccination center, a surgical mask, dismisses, is disinfected the hands and aligns the barrier actions. DECCINING DECOMSS in advance informed the candidate to be vaccinated and sought his approval, in accordance with the SOPs. The number of candidates who want to be vaccinated in advance to the Hospital Hub to which the vaccination center is linked is transferred, with due observance of the period in the SOPs. The list of furniture, computer equipment and medical material is taxed by the doctors taxed with the vaccination in the vaccination center before the start of devaccination (see Appendix A). The administrative management and the medical anamnese with, mainly, mainly, The potential contra -Indications and the allergy risks precede the intramuscular injection. This is followed by a 15 to 30 -minute supervision in a room where desocial distancing measures must be possible, with supervision of the allergy risks. Ininning the vaccination data in Vaccinnet+ in accordance with the existing legal framework is followed by the establishment of the agreement for the injection of the second Vaccindosis in accordance with the SOPs for each vaccine.g. Places where vaccination is carried out vaccination will be in the vaccination center that is assigned to the candidate via the appointment tool, based on the postal code of the residence of the candidate to be vaccinated. Invite-up vaccination candidate registers on the appointment tool after having received an invitation writing by post, linked to an invitation via e-mail or SMS if this information is available. The invitation states both the code to receive the vaccination, as well as two vaccination places, determined in advance on the basis of the postal code of its home. Not on the invitation, he is referred to subsequent phases 1b or 2 of the vaccination campaign.i.i.communication and type of evaluation: a general communication about COVID-19, the vaccination and the vaccination process is made accessible to the care providers in primary care and first-line assistance . This communication consists in particular of the following:- visual information carriers and/or dialogue support tools (employer or federation or grouping of plasterers) are provided for their employees or members)- the website for COVID of AVIQ, including a listfaq available to the aforementioned practitioners; - Organizing webinars and the management of the questions that are addressed there. Appendix A: List of equipment and the drug requirement in SOP Vaccination: A. Basic equipment:- Waiting room with possibility totsocial distancing and posting of contraindications- hydroal alcoholic gel-vaccination room: Oblowprint metero Stethoscope-refrigerator to store medicines, at a temperature hours 2 and 8 degrees, with a set temperature record possible , refrigerator or locally at the rear and lock-garbage bags and bins fores1 waste waste bins for B2 waste, empty vaccinations, spraying and needles vaccination room that is large enough for 2 people, and at least 2 tables and 4 chairs (sufficient chairs (sufficient chairs Remote detention)- Walking water for hand-washed possibility of guaranteeing the protection of the private life car care for hydroalcoholic solutions, wipes and disinfectant for surfaces- after vaccine watching room with the supervision of social distancing possible ISB. Informatics equipment:- at least 1 PC, 1 ID card reader, 1 barcode scanner and QR code scanner, 1 printer- If possible Wi-Fi connection, WiFi code available- access to the vaccination software "Vaccinet+" C. - Gloves-Optional: keel, glasses, or facial screen. Equipment for the preparation and administration of the 3 ml vaccine sprayer, with a gradation of 0.1 ml, and 18g spray needle, ampoules NaCl09% for vaccine solution- spray 1 ml, gradation with 0.1 ml and injection needle with 23 or 25 gauge compresses,- alcohol disinfecting wipes for bottle, individually packed. Equipment for patients:- anaphylactic and allergy kit with at least 2 ampoules adrenaline1 mg/1 ml, 2 1 ml spraying with 1 ml gradation, 2 needles 18 g, 2 needles 21 g, 2 needles 23 g, soluma roller ampoules- antihistamin tablets- sugar-contained beverages.Walloon Government to implement Article 47/17bisvan of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health with regard to the Protocol for the implementation of Phase 1.a.4 of the COVID 19 vaccination program for adult with regard to the first-line assistance Eneerstijnzorg.namen, 18 February 2021. For the government: the Prime Minister, etc. Rupode Minister of Employment, Training, Health, Social Action, Equal Opportunities En Window Rights, Ch.CorreationPublication: 2021-03-18Numac: 2021020531federal Public Service Home Affairs26 June 2020.-Royal Decree No. 39 amending the Royal Decree of 28 March 1969 establishing the list of occupational diseases that give rise to compensation and establishing the criteria to which Exposure to the professional risk for some of these diseases must be satisfactory due to COVID-19. - German translation The following text is the Germany Tender of the Royal Decree of 26 June 2020 No. 39 amending the Royal Decree of 28 March 1969 establishing the list of occupational diseases that give rise to compensation of the criteria to which exposure to The professional risk for some of these diseases must pay due to COVID-19 (Belgian Official Gazette of 8 July 2020), ratified by the law of24 December 2020 (Belgian Official Gazette of 15 January 2021). This translation was drawn up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy. Fibrary 39 Zur abänderung des königlichen erlasses vom 28. , Unser Gruß! Aufgrund des Gesetzesvom 27. März 2020 Zur Ermächtigung des Königs, Maßnahmen Zur Bekämpfung der Ausbreitung des Coronaviruscovid-19 Zu Ergreifen (II), des articles 5, § 1 nr. 5; Aufgrund der Am 3. June 1970 Cordinators Gesetze über that Von und die Entschäigung für Berufskrankheiten; AuFgrund des Königlichenlasses vom 28. März 1969 Zur Festlegtung of the Listen dose of prospects, Beruftenkrankheituen, Berufsruchheituen, Berufsruchheituen, Berufsruchheituen, Berufsruchheitie, Berufsruchheitie, Berufsruchheituen, Berufsruchheitie, Berufsruchheitie, Berufsruchheitie, Berufsruchheitie, Berufsruchheitie, Berufsdonigen, Berufsdonigen, Berufsdah. Krankheitengenus muss; Aufgrund von Article 6 Absatz 2 des Gesetzes vom 27. März 2020 Zur Ermächtigungdes Königs, Maßnahmen Zur Bekämpfung der Ausbreitung des Coronavirus Covid-19 Zu ergreifen, besthteten-detchtengenes Dringlichkeit keinePflicht, die erforderlichen Stellungnahmen einzuholen;In Erwägung der Stellungnahme des GeschäftsführendenAusschusses für Berufskrankheiten von Fedris vom 13. Mai 2020;Aufgrund der Stellungnahmen derFinanzinspektoren vom 25. Mai 2020 und 27. Mai 2020;Aufgrund des Einverständnisses des Ministersdes Haushalts vom 5. Juni 2020 ; Aufgrund des Protokolls Nr. 224/3 des Gemeinsamen Ausschussesfür All Öffentlichen serving Vom 19. June 2020; Aufgrund von Article 8 § 2 Nr. 2 Desgesetzes vom 15. Dezember 2013 Zur Festlegung Vigantener Bestimmungen in Sachen Administrative Vereinfachungist Vorliegendender Erlass Aufgrund der Vom Coronavirus Covid-19 Aushandenden Gesundheitsgahr Ud Darausenthenden's Gambescheit Vonschkeit Vonschkeit Vonschkeit Vonschkeit Vonschkeit Vonschkeit Vonschkeit Vonschkeit Vonschkeit Vonschkeit Vonschkeit Vonschkeit Vonschkeit Vonschkeit Vonschkeit Vonschkeit Vonschinist Vonschkeit Vonschinist Vonschkeit Vonschinist Vonschinist Vonschkeit Vonschintrit. 67.608/1 des Staatsrates vom 19. Juni 2020, abgegeben in Anwendung von Artikel 4 Absatz3 des Gesetzes vom 27. März 2020 zur Ermächtigung des Königs, Maßnahmen zur Bekämpfung der Ausbreitungdes Coronavirus COVID-19 zu ergreifen (I);In der Erwägung, dass es im Zuge der Mit der Covid-19-Pandemieinherendenenhenden Krise Urgently Erforelich Ist, Maßnahmen in Zusammenhang mit dem Erheblichen Gesundheitsrisikofür Lohnempfänger Beziehungsweise assemon, Die ergtheens Die Beruuthäs, Die zütreifen, Dieüdüsd, Dieüdüsd, Die zütreifen, Die zütreifen, the Berhmentes Die züsdens, Die zütreifen, the Beruthments Die Berehens, Die zütreifen, Die zütreifen, Die zondens, Die zon's dose die. Infizierungmit covid-19the nicht as a berufskrankheit anerkannt were kann, es sei denn im offenen system; aufvorschlag des ministers des Öffentlichen service, des ministers of the sicherheit undtnern und derminister of the stuns of the stunnmen's stunnmen's stunses of the stuns of the stuns of the stuns of the stuns's stunses of the stunses of the stunses of the stunses of the minister's sowers, of the minister's sena sowers, of the minister's sena sowers, of the minister's sena sowers, of the minister's sowers, of the stunnamen's stunses of the stern , Haben wir deskloßen und Erlassen wir: Article 1 - in Article 1 des königlichen erlasses vom 28. 1,404.03 "Und der Codenummer" 1.6 "Die Folgende Codenummer Eingefügt:" 1.404.04- Jede Durch SARS-COV-2 Verchrachte Krankheit Bei Arbeitnehmern, Die Zwischen Dem 18. März 2020 und DEM17. Mai 2020 Einschließlich Beruflich in Unternehmen Tättig, who were the Schlüselsektoren undwentlichen services, who in the Anlage Zum Ministerialian Erlass vom 23March 2020 to determine the impairment measurement to contain the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19, belong, provided that the occurrence of the disease is made in the period from March 20, 2020 to May 31, 2020. "Art. 2- The system for the same decree , replaced by the royal decree of December 9, 2019, is added as follows: "Code 1.404.04-SARS-COV-2Demen-Risk risk of an illness 1.404.04 are exposed to: employees who between March 18, 20120 and May 17, 2020 Professionally active in companies that, as in the facility for the ministerial decree of March 23, 2020, for the determination of urgency measures to contain the spread of the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19, belongs, if:- It through working conditions or the type The rule is usually impossible to keep a distance of 1.5 m in contact with other people, between de m occurrence of the disease and the date of the last actual work performance of the employee caretaker. Little more than 14 days have passed- and if the disease occurring and the date on which the company in which the employee was professional, no longer in the Appendix to pre -mentioned ministerial decree of March 23, 2020, no more than 14 days have passed. "Art. 3 - Article 36 paragraph 2 and 52 paragraph4 of the laws on the prevention of and compensation for occupational disease not applicable on June 3, 1970 not applicable in the context of recognition under the code 1.404.04.Art. 4 - The settlement decree will be effective on March 18, 2020.art. 5 - The minister responsible for the public service, the minister responsible for the interior and the ministerial matters responsible for the social affairs, each for his area, with the execution of the present decree. Service. Clarinvalder Minister of Safety and Innernp.de Cremdie Minister of the Social Affairs Matters. De blockPublication: 2021-03-16Numac: 2021020566Federal Public Security Service Social Security 10 March 2021.-Ministerial Decree implementing Article 5, § 4, first paragraph, of the Royal Decree of 30 September 2020 establishing a temporary financial intervention of the compulsory insurance for medical care in the costs of special protection measures and materials, in the context of the COVID-19 Pandemiede Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health, entitled to Royal Decree No. 20 of 13 May 2020 containing temporary measures in the fight against Decovid-19 Pandemie and To ensure the continuity of care in the compulsory insurance for medical provision, Articles 71 and 72; Having regard to the Royal Decree of 30 September 2020 to determine a temporary financial intervention of compulsory care for medical provision in the costs of special protection measures and materials, in the context of the COVID-19Pandemie, Article 5, § 4, first paragraph; Having regard to Royal Decree No. 20 of 13 May2020 containing temporary measures in the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie and to ensure decontinuity of care in compulsory medical care insurance , Article 2, second paragraph; in view of the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on January 22, 2021; Having regard to the agreement finding of the State Secretary for Budget, given on 11 February 2021; in view of the request to change treatment, reasoned by the fact that it is necessary is for the rules regarding the submission of an application for the financial interventions as provided for in Article 5, §4, first paragraph, of the Royal Decree of 30 September 2020 establishing a temporary financial interview of the compulsory insurance for medical care for the costs of the costs of the costs of Special protection measures Materials, quickly determined in the context of the COVID-19 Pandemie In view of the planned deadlines in that decision; in view of the request for advice within 5 days, which was submitted to the Council of State on 22 February 2021, in application of Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the Law of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973; whereas the advice was not communicated that period; in view of Article 84, § 4, second paragraph, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, decision: Article 1. § 1. The submit the application for the financial intervention referred to in Article 5, § 1, of the Royal Decree of 30 September 2020 establishing a temporary financial intervention of the compulsory insurance for medical care in the costs of special protection measures and materials, in the COVID 19 Pandemie, is carried out at a pharmacy that is opened to the public through the authorized tariffing service as referred to in Article 165, first paragraph, of the Mandatory Care Act honor for medical care and benefits coordinated on July 14, 1994. The recognizable removal service service sends a paper invoice to the auxiliary cash for illness for the period of the last day of the publication of this decision on the month of this decision for the last day of this decision at the latest - and invalidity insurance (HZIV) referred to in Article 2, i), of the same law, with the global amount for all the pharmacies that are open to the public to that tariffing service. After receipt of the invoice, the global amount states to the recognized Tariferingsdienst. It is due for the Tariferingsdienst to distribute the global amount in accordance with the provision in Article 5, §1, second paragraph, of the Royal Decree referred to in the first paragraph, under the connected pharmacies. § 2. Submitting the application for the financial intervention in Article 5, § 1, of the Royal Decree of 30 September 2020 establishing a temporary -financing intervention of the mandatory insurance for medical care for the costs of special protection measures and materials, in the framework of the COVID-19 Pandemie, a location units as referred to in Article I.2, 16 °, of the Code of Economic Law where benefits are granted are the competence of the bandagists, the orthopedists, the hearing care professionals or the opticians, carried out in The web application for this purpose, via its new service `Financing Protection Material Covid '. From November 17, 2020 and no later than the last day of the month that follows the month of publication of this Decree for the period of 4 May 2020 can be done per branch unit for the period of 4 May 2020 Until August 31 ,2020, one application will be carried out in the webto provided for in the first paragraph epilationThe application intended in the first paragraph, is, in accordance with the rules provided for in the second paragraph, carried out by a bandagist, orthopedist, optician, hearing care professional with a RIZIV number or his mandate person after creating a valid mandate via the Self Service Mandate System of CSAM, the In whole with agreements to organize the umbrella identity and access management within the E-Government. With the application, the applicant from an exhaustive list indicated the relevant location unit. The applicant introduces the bank account number that belongs to the company and on which the financial intervention must be paid. Via a statement on EEA, the applicant or his mandateman guarantees the correctness of the information provided with the application. Art. 2. The rules concerning the applications for a total intervention As determined in Article 1 are placed on its website on its website the address http://www.riziv.fgov.be in order to inform the care providers concerned about the applicable procedures. Art. 3. This Decree has elaboration with effect from November 9, 2020. Genitated Brussels, 10 March 2021. The Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health, Fr. VandenbrouckePublication: 2021-03-18Numac: 2021020579waalse Government Service 11 March 2021.-Decision of the Walloon Government on the granting of a specific allowance in favor of hotels and similar accommodation in the context of the crisis in connection with the Coronavirus COVID-19DE Waalse Government, In view of the decree of 11 March 2004 on the actual incentives in favor of small and medium -sized companies, in particular on articles10 and 19; Having regard to the decree of 11 March 2004 on the regional incentives of large companies, articles 7 and 15; set up on the report of 24 February 2021 in accordance with Article 3, 2а, of the Decree of 11 April 2014 implementing of the Deresolutions of the Women's Conference of the United Nations that took place in Beijing in September 1995 to integrate the gender dimension in the whole of the regional policy lines; Given the advice of the Inspector of Finiыn, Geve n on 23 February 2021; Having regard to the consent of the Minister of Budget, given on 25 February 2021; Having regard to advice 68.918/4 van deraad van State, given on 5 March 2021, in accordance with Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3а, of the laws on the Council of State, co -rdinated on January 12, 1973; whereas, although hisiet are included in the list of sectors to which a closing obligation applies, hotels and similar elderly are particularly seriously taken by all measures in connection with COVID-19, given the decrease in the number of tourists, the cancellation of most professional events and the closure of restaurants; these measures have been taken to the direct economic consequences of the extension of the measures for the self -employed and the companies that perform these types of activities indirectly by the extension of certain branches are affected, to limit it; no-effect in the economy, which should all be prevented at all; The fundamental thing is that this support is paid without delay; in view of the communication from the Commission of 19 March 2020 in connection with the temporary point of the state aid measures to support the economy in the current context of the widely distributed COVID-19 Epidemia, point 22; on the nomination of the Minister of Economy; Na -Walking, Decree: Article 1. For the purposes of this Decree, the Minister is understood to mean: the minister competent for economy; 2а Regulation (EC) No.651/2014: Regulation (EC) No. 651/2014 of the Commission of 17 June 2014 where certain categoryыn support based on Articles 107 and 108 of the Convention with the Common Market declared combustible; 3а Company: a) The natural person who carries out an activity in-chief and who pays social contributions, orb) the micro-enterprise, the small or medium-sized enterprise as referred to in Articles 2 and 3 of Annex I to Regulation (EU) Nr .651/2014, OFC) The company that does not correspond to the personnel numbers and finance contributions from the Micro-Onderwriting Micro-Onderwriting, small and medium-sized enterprise as referred to in Articles 2 and 3 of Annex I to Regulation (EU) No 651/2014, excepted the public law entitlements and the associations without a profitable goal; 4а accommodation unit: a room of a accommodation where one or more persons can accommodate one or more persons 5а Temporary framework scheme: the Commission of the Commission of 19 March 2020 in connection with the temporary framework of the state aid measurement of support of the Economy in the current context of the widely scattered COVID-19 Epidemia, last-width on January 28, 2021; 6а administration: the Walloon Public Service Economy, Working Operations Research; 7а NACE-BEL Code: The Activities Nomenclature elaborated by the National Institute for the Statistics (NACE-BEL 2008) in a European context, imposed by Regulation (EEG) No. 3037/90 of 9 October 1990 of the Council on the statistical nomenclature of the Economic Activities in the European Community, amended by Regulation (EEG) No 761/93 of the Commission of 24 March1993, by Regulation (EC) No 29 /2002 of 19 December 2001, by Regulation (EC) No 1882/2003 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 29 September 2003 and by Regulation (EC) Nr1893/2006 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 December 2006; 8а Web platform: The web application referred to in Article 1, § 1, first paragraph, 6а, of the Decree of 6 December 21 containing support via a gekested in the Walloon Region Support portfolio to project developers and small medium -sized enterprises, for reimbursement of the services to promote entrepreneurship or the growth, and the establishment of a database of authentic sources associated with that is geured -grown portfolio, which is accessible on https: //indemnitecovid.wallonia. Beart.2. The health crisis bound to the Coronavirus COVID-19 is recognized by the government as an extra wage of the Decree of 11 March 2004 on the regional incentivests of small and medium-sized companies and of Article 7 of the Decree of 11 March 2004 relevant regional incentives in favor of the large companies.art. 3. The specific granting is permitted under the conditions of point 22 of the temporary framework regulation.art.4. According to the further rules he has determined, the minister grants a specific allowance on the company: 1а whose main activity falls under the NACE-BEL code 55.100; 2а that in the Walloon Region owns a branch unit as referred to in Article I.2.,, 16а, of book I of the Code of Economic Law the announcement of this Decree; 3а that meets the legal provisions that regulate its activity, as well as to the tax and social legislation and regulations or commit to matters with due observance of the deadlines in which the competent administration provides; 4а which was not in difficulty on December 31, 2019 within the meaning of article 2, paragraph 18, of Regulation (EU) No 651/2014; 5а which, including the premium in this decision -intended premium, no more than than 1 800 000 EUR in support under point 22 of the temporary framework scheme has received.art. 5. The amount of the specific compensation, according to the modalities determined by the minister, amounts to 1,000 euros per accommodation unit that the company has. The number of accommodation units of the company is determined on the basis of the permit referred to in Article202.d of the Tourism Code for hotel quarters referred to in Article 1.d, 23а, of the same Code for similar accommodation Any other document that the Minister has received a company that has a premium granted by another sub-area in the context of the crisis as a result of the COVID-19 crisis is excluded from the specific allowance.art.6. According to the modalities set by the minister, the company submits its application for a specific allowance via a form on theWeb platform with the administration. When submitting the file on the web platform, the company must provide at least the following information: 1а its number of the Kruispankbank van Companies; 2а the NACE-BEL code of the main activity of the company; 3а the number of accommodation units per location unit; 4аeen statement on honor word that must be filled in on the web platform; 5а the account number of the company. Article 4, first paragraph, calculated on the basis of the data that it has been informed of Viade Authentic sources or through the company., The administration can also use the databases that form authentic sources to obtain all the data required for the investigation of the file .Art. 7. The decision on the admissibility, payment, the control and integration of the specific allowances is taken by each level A staff member as written in the decision of the Walloon Government of 18 December 2003 on the Walloon civil servant code, designated by the Director General of the administration.art. 8. The level A in Article 7 in Article 7 analyzes the application for a specific allowance and, if the application is not admissible, he suspends the application for a specific allowance and he brings the company to supplement and submit its application for a new investigation to the admissibility. The file is not supplemented and subject to a new admissibility investigation within a term of the month of the date of suspension, then the application for specific allowance definition will be destroyed. If the application meets the set conditions, the enterprise becomes electronic informed that the specific allowance is granted. The administration informs its company that the specific reimbursement is granted on the basis of the Temporary Framework Regulation.art. 9The administration publishes the relevant information stated in Annexiii and in accordance with Article 9 of Regulation (EU) No 651/2014, on each specific reimbursement of more than 100,000 euros granted on the basis of this Decree, within twelve months of the Date of award via the IT instrument of the European Commission. The administration stores all data that is necessary to determine whether the conditions set has been met, during a period of ten years after the allocation of the specific compensation. The administration gives this information through the European Commission if it therefore requests. 10. This decision enters the day on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette.Art. 11. The Minister of Economics charged with the implementation of this decision. Names, 11 March 2021. For the government: Deminister President, e. Di Rupode Minister of Economy, Foreign Trade, Research, Innovation, Digital Technologyыn, Spatial Planning, Agriculture, the "IFAPME", And the skills centers, W.Borsus The Minister of Civil Service, Informatics, Administrative Simplification, Character With Child Benefit, Tourism, Heritage and Road Safety V. The bue