Publication: 2021-05-25Numac: 2021041646brussels-Capital Region25 March 2021. Brussels -Capital Government, given the special law of 12 January 1989 with regard to the Brussels institutions, in particular Article 40; Having regard to the decision of the Brussels -Capital Government of 21 March 2018 on the administrative status and the remuneration scheme of the officials of the Government Services of Degewestelijk Diensten Brussels, in particular on Article 446; Whereas with a view to the allocation of a mandate relationship of director/director-service head A4 Back Officevan The Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation is needed, the members of a selection committee appoint; in view of the minis agreement for the budget; in view of the fact that Alexandre De Munck (FR) has experience as a legal adviser, in particular on tax law and that he also participated as an expert in the Task Force "Brussels-Taxation", as part of the work to the simplification of the Brussels tax system after the regionalization of taxes; Given the fact that Mrs. Isabelle Montaigne (FR) has experience in management and finance, cooperation as director of administration and finance at the CESI group. ) has an expertise on economy and taxation in both the private as the public sector, in particular as an advisor Economic Affairs at Fevia. Happet that Mrs.Sstéphanie Lecler (FR) has experience in HR management and recruitment of managers, in particular Managing Director of Leclère & Consultants since 2007. Held on the fact that Mr. Bernardstenier (FR) has experience in HR management and communication, in particular as a consultant and business coach in his company Sunseed. On the recommendation of the minister, after deliberation, decision: Article 1. are designated as members of the selection committee for the allocation of a relation to director/director-service head A4 Back Office of the Regional Public Service Brussel Discity: 1. Mr Alexandre de Munck (FR) 2. Mrs. Isabelle Montaigne (FR) 3.mevrouw Carole Dembour (FR) 4. Mrs. Stéphanie Lecler (FR) 5. Mr Bernard Stenier (FR) that Mr Bernard Stenier is appointed as chairman of the selection committee for the allocation of the relation of deputy director/director-service head A4 Back Office of the Brussels Taxation region. 2. No member may sit if he is in a single situation that can jeopardize his impartiality.Art. 3. The minister competent for the public office is charged with the implementation of this decision. 4. This Decree works the day on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. Brussels, 25 March2021. For the Brussels -Capital Government: r. Vervoort, Prime Minister of the Brussels-Capital Government, competent for territorial development and urban renewal, tourism, the promotion of the image of Brussels and bicultural affairs of regional interest.gatz, minister competent for finance, budget, public office, the promotion of multilingualisms From the Image of Brussels