Publication: 2021-03-31Numac: 2021041120federal Public Service Finance29 March 2021.-Royal Decree amending the Annex III of the KB/WIB 92 on the part of the legal benefits for temporary unemployment film, King of the Belgians, to all who are now and hereinafter, our regards on the Income Taxes1992, Article 275, § 1; in view of the KB/WIB 92; Having regard to the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on 16 March 2021; in view of the approval of the State Secretary for Budget of 29 March 2021; In view of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on 12 January 1973, Article 3, § 1; in view of the urgent necessity; For temporary unemployment of 26.75 pCt. to 15 pCt. Only applies to the benefits until 31 March 2021;-that this percentage of 26.75 pCt. Taking into account a limited number of days of temporary unemployment on a monthly basis;- which, under the COVID-19 Pandemie, many employees are still temporarily unemployed in a number of sectors;- that the percentage of withholding tax is withheld for ordinary remuneration for many taxpayers lower than the the aforementioned26.75 pCt.;- that it is important to continue to support the purchasing power of employees who have long been temporarily unemployed, especially for employees with the lowest wages- that it is therefore designated to pay the operating tax at the rate of 15 pCt . to extend the legal benefits for temporary unemployment for the benefits in April, May and June 2021;- that this decision must therefore apply to the legal benefits for temporary unemployment that from 1 April 2021 are paid or granted; must be brought to the debtors of the withholding tax;- that this decision is therefore urgently taken; on the nomination of the Minister of Finance, we decided: Article 1. In number 2.13 of the Annex III of the KB/WIB 92 , replaced by the Royal Decree of 16 December 2020, in the provision under e the words "March 31, 2021" will be replaced by the words "30 June 2021" .Art. 2. This Decree comes into effect on 1 April 2021 and applies to the benefits paid or granted from the same date.art.3. The minister is responsible for finance is responsible for the implementation of this decision. Tebrussel, March 29, 2021.Filip van Koningswege: the Minister of Finance, v.van PeteghemPublication: 2021-04-19Numac: 2021041125brussels-Capital call for candidacy (m/f/x). - Vacant relation of director/director-service head (A4) Back Office at the regional government service Brussels Taxation in the French-speaking Language Roldegewestelijk Public Service Brussels Taxation is subject to the provisions of the Decree of the Brussels-Capital Government of 21 March 2018 containing the administrative status and the remuneration scheme for The officials of the regional government services of Brussels. With the application of Book IV of the aforementioned decision, the Brussels -Capital Government declares the relevant relation described below and transfers to the public call for candidates for this position. The following to be filled in the following:- Director/director-service head (A4) Back Office at the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation Agreement Article 454 of the aforementioned Decree will be appointed by the Brussels-Capital Government. The duration of the mandate has been set for 5 years. The mandate holder will be evaluated during the exercise and after the end of his/hair mandate. Brussels taxation has a very clear mission from the start: on the one hand defiscal powers perform correctly, on the other hand, the taxes customer -oriented, efficient and effective and in a credible, careful and responsible manner collect. In order to give this as well as possible, the Brussels Taxation Government gave the following strategic objectives: • Providing the service of taxes and administrative fines • the takeover of the Development of Tax Department; are with regard to taxation (and patrimony documentation); • Expansion of a full-volval tax service platform; • Being an attractive and self-development-oriented employer; • The proactive development and contribution of new policy-administrative initiatives. The general admission conditions determined in Article 36 of the aforementioned decision, namely: 1. show behavior in accordance with the requirements of the intended relationship; 2. enjoy the civil and political rights; 3. Holder are of a diploma of level A or holder are delivered from a certificate by the communities or institutions recognized by the same and which grant access to the position for which the selection is organized. In addition, the candidates, as required in Article 442 of the aforementioned decision, are themselves At least on one of the undercompetent titles and merits can appeal:- Having at least nine years of seniority in level A function-- have at least six years of managerial experience. Management experience is understood to mean experience on management in a government service or in an organization from deprivésector. Any candidacy must contain the following elements:- an explanation of the titles and merits that the candidate/candidate presents to apply for the relationship with use of the Standardized CV As stipulated in Article 445 § 3 of the aforementioned decisions of which the model was recorded by the ministered candidates whose candidacy was declared admissible by the Selection Committee, are invited for an interview. This includes an assessment test, as determined by Article 452 of the aforementioned decision. The assessment testing of a set of simulation exercises that are intended to check whether someone has over the required skills and capacities for a specific relationship. Every candidate/candidate a motivated advice from account:- the agreement of the candidate/candidate's profile with the job description, tested after the aforementioned interview;- the titles and merits that the candidate/candidate asserts;- the result of the assessment After the end of the selection and after analysis of their candidacy, the candidates are registered in or group A "Suitable" or Groepb "not suitable" in the event of a motivated decision. The candidates are ranked in group A. Changing Article 454 of the aforementioned decision, the Brussels -Capital Government indicates the mandate holder under the candidates of Group A.Op Straaf of nullity, the candidacy must be sent to "Talent.Brussels, Secretariat of within a period of 35 days of 35 days the mandates, Emile Jacqmainlaan 20, 1000 Brussels. This term starts on the day after the publication of this call for candidacy in the Belgian State magazine. The envelope with your candidacy must be in a second envelope (every envelope must be the inscription "Appicant director- Main service A4 Back Office " -" Confidential: don't open "mention")The candidates should also send their candidacy to the following address via e-mail: mandats@talent.brussels in the aforementioned period. The job description, the objectives to be achieved, the standardized curriculum vitae and information regarding the procedure can be obtained from the secretariat of the mandates of talent.brussels - via our website https://www.talent.brussels/nl/mandatarissen