Publication: 2021-07-05Numac: 20210424799ministerie of the French Community24 June 2021.-Decree of the government of the French Community amending the decision of the government of the French Community of 7 May 2020 concerning various provisions on civil servants in the context of the COVID-19-Pandemiede Government of the French Community, giving the special law of 8 August 1980 to reform the institutions, Article 87, § 3, replaced the special law of 8 August 1988 and amended by the special law of 6 January 2014; Entitled to the decision of the Government of the French Community of 22 July 1996 containing the status of the officials of the services of the Government of the French Community; having regard to the Decree of the Government of the French Community of 2 June 2004 on the leave and absences of frame members of the services of the government of the French Community, the Supreme Court for the Audiovisuele sector and the institutions of OP and under the committee of sector XVIIires the COVID-19 Pandemie, amended by the decisions of the Government of the French Community of 2 July 2020, 3 September 2020, 29 October 2020, 7 January 2021 and 11 February2021; Having regard to the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on 16 June 2021; In view of the agreement finding of the Minister of Budget of 24 June 2021; Whereas the government of the French Community adopted a draft decision on 7 May 2020 regarding diverse provisions regarding civil servants in the context of the COVID-19 Pandemie, with ALS aim to establish the regulatory deviations that are necessary for the organization of the employment conditions of the staff of the services of the R egoing and the institutions of public utility of the French Community; mostly the measures referred to in this decision until 30 April 2021 were extended by a decision of the government of the French Community of 11 February 2021; that teleworking remains the rule with regard to the organization of the work, every time this is possible, it is not to be expected that this rule will be discussed in the short term; to extend the decision of the government of the French Community of 7 May 2020; on the nomination of the Minister of Civil Service Affairs; after deliberation, decision: Article1. In Article 7, first paragraph, of the Decree of the Government of the French Community of 7 May 2020 in question various provisions on civil servants in the context of the COVID-19 Pandemie, replaced the decisions of the government of the French Community of 2 July 2020 , 3 September 2020, 29 October 2020 and 10 December 2020, 7 January 2021 and 11 February 2021, the words "30 June 2021" are replaced by the words "September 1, 2021" .Art. 2. Article 3 of the same decision is replaced: "Art. 3. The staff member who performs telephoto work in accordance with Article 2 of this decision or applying the decision of the government of the French Community of 15 November 2017 in question can, at his own request , a fixed monthly reimbursement of 35 euros per calendar monthly receipts to cover the costs of internet connection, printer scanner, ink patterns and document holder. ". Art.3. This decision comes into effect on July 1, 2021.Art. 4. The Minister of Civil Service is taxed with the implementation of this decision.brussel, 24 June 2021. For the government: Deminister President, P.-Y. Jallesse Minister of Budget, Civil Service, Equal Opportunities and the supervision of "Wallonie Bruxelles Enseigement", f. DaardPublication: 2021-07-07Numac: 2021042496Federal Public Service Finance 1 July 2021.-Royal Decree to record the model of the tax return form on tax on non-residents (natural persons) for the tax year 2021 (1) Filip, King of the Belgians, to All who are now and hereinafter referred to our regards on the Income Tax Code, Article 307, § 1, replaced by the law of 25 December 2017; Having regard to the law of the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, article 3, § 1; In view of the urgent essence; whereas:- the model of the tax return form on the tax of non-residents (natural persons) for the tax year 2021 should not be established as soon as possible the location and the collection of that tax cannot be delayed; - In the framework, the gradual realization of the e-government in the Federal Public Service Finance is used a model of declaration that can be scanned † Through the scanning, the executive administration joint for the establishment of the tax can immediately process the income and other data specified by the taxpayer in the calculation programs regarding the tax of non-residents (natural persons);- the scanning of a form only provides sufficient security if the number Scan pages and data to a strict minimum is limited. For that reason, the declaration form for the tax year 2021 will consist of the following parts: a) for taxpayers dieoite part 1 fill in: 1 ° a part with the inscription "Preparation of the declaration in the tax of non -residents (natural persons) - tax year 2021 - income from the year2020 - part 1 "that contains all the necessary entries that make it possible for the taxpayer to correctly fill in the in2 ° part; 2 ° the declaration form (part 1 and 2) that will be scanned and that is a summary of the Data from the preparatory form - Part 1. SUPEL This part must be returned to the service that occurs on the aforementioned declaration form; b) for taxpayers who fill in both part 1 and part 2: 1 ° a part with the inscription "Preparation of the declaration In the tax of non -residents (natural persons) - assessment year2021 - income of the year 2020 - part 1 "that all necessary entries that contains the taxpayer possibly to fill in the part stated in 3 ° correctly; 2 ° a part with the integrity of the tax return in the tax of non -residents (natural persons) - tax year2021 - income of the year 2020 - part 2 "That contains all the necessary entries that make it possible for the taxpayer to correctly complete the part stated in 3 °; 3 ° the declaration form (part 1 and 2) that will be scanned and that is a summary of the data from the preparatory form - part 1 and part 2. Only this part must be returned to the service referred to on the aforementioned declaration form;- this decision must therefore be taken urgently; on the nomination of the Minister of Finance, we have decided and we decide: Article1. The model of the declaration form on tax on non-residents (natural persons) before the tax year 2021 is laid down in the appendix of this Decree. This form form exists components: 1 ° a part with the inscription "Preparation of the tax return in the tax of non-non residents (natural persons) - tax year 2021 - Income of the year 2020 - part 1 "Datalle contains necessary entries to correctly fill in the part stated in 3 °; 2 ° one part with the inscription" Preparation of the tax return in the tax of not - Inhabitants (natural persons) - tax year 2021 - Income of the year 2020 - part 2 "that contains all necessary entries that the part stated in 3 ° contains correctly; 3 ° a part with the inscription" declaration in the tax of non -residents ( natural persons) - tax year 2021 (income of the year 2020) (part 1 and part 2) "that must be returned to the service that occurs on the aforementioned declaration fo rmemel.art.2. The minister responsible for finance is responsible for the implementation of this decision. Brussels, 1 July 2021.filip of Kingin: the Minister of Finance, v.van Peteghem ______ bill (1) References to the Belgian Official Gazette: Code of the income taxes 1992, Coordinated by Royal Decree of 10 April 1992, Belgian Official Gazette of 30 July 1992. Act of 25 December 2017, Belgian Official Gazette of 29 December 2017.wetten on the Council of State, coordinated by Royal Decree of 12 January 1973, Belgian Official Gazette of21 March 1973Annex to the Royal Decree of 1 July 2021 Before consulting the table, see image to be added to our decision of 1 July 2021Filipvan Koningswege: v.van PeteghemPublication: 2021-07-05Numac: 2021042531brussels-Capital Region24 June 2021.-Decree of the Brussels-Capital Government implementing the ordinance of 6 March 2019 on the Brussels Codex Fiscal Procedural Capital and Capital Agency, given the special law of 8 August 1980 to of the institutions, Article20; Having regard to the special law of 12 January 1989 with regard to the Brussels institutions, Article 8; Having regard to the ordinance of 6 March 2019 on the Brussels Codex Fiscal Procedure, Articles 6, 8, 17, 19, 22 , 25, 31, 42, 51, 68, 69, 72, 80, 107, 109, 115, 118, 119, 120, 121, 122,123 and 145; Having regard to the equal Chance test that in accordance with Article 2 of the Ordonnance of 4 October 2018 The introduction of the Equal Possial Test was carried out on January 15, 2019; in view of the advice of the Finance Inspectorate, given on March 18, 2019; in view of the agreement of the Minister of Budget of the Brussels -Capital GE west of 2 April 2019; Given the advice No 66.164/4 of the Council of State, given on 19 June 2019, with application of Article3, § 1 and Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 2 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated by January 12, 1973; predominantly the formulated comment by the Council of State in its advice66.164/4, whereby the government is invited to be in accordance with Article 36 (4) of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of Natural Persons in connection with the processing of personal data and on the free movement of that data and withdrawing Directive 95/46/EC, the advice of the Data Protection Authority questions; The Council of State has become without object on certain articles as a result of the fact that these articles have been omitted from the preliminary draft decision that has become the current decision, where these articles were O taken in the decisions of the Brussels -Capital Government of 26 March 2020 on which the Data Protection Authority was issued the advice 24/2020 of 13 March 2020; to be introduced without additional precisions with regard to possible handling of personal data carried out by the regional tax administration, does not relate to a processing of personal data in the meaning of Article 36, paragraph 4 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and the Of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons in connection with the processing of personal data and on the free movement of that data and to withdrawal of Directive95/46/EC; The taxes whose procedure rules for the ordinance of 6 March 2019 on the Brussels Codex Fiscal Procedure have been established; on the budget, accounting and control; on the proposal of the Finance and Budget Minister, after deliberation, decision: Title 1. - General provisions article1. This decision is cited as: Decree Brussels Codex Fiscal Procedure.art. 2. The following provisions must be understood as follows: 1 ° the Codex: the ordinance of 6 March 2019 on the Brussels Codex tax procedure; 2 ° the minister competent for finance; 3 ° the Regional Fiscal Administration: the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation. Title 2. - Fiscal Procedure Chapter1. - Declaration art. 3. The declaration form is made available to the taxpayer The regional tax administration:- either by normal correspondence;- either either electronically via the platform indicated by the regional fiscal administration.art.4. The declaration is made on a form of which the model was determined by the minister. Must be returned to the regional tax administration:- If the shipment is done by ordinary correspondence, stated on the form;- If the shipment happens the way referred to in Article 8, § 2 of the Codex, via the platform indicated by the Regional Phiscal Administration. Chapter 2. - establishment of the tax department 1. - Kohierart.5. The attacks are coversed in the name of the taxpayers concerned. Attacks, of deceased taxpayers, are coversed in their name preceded from the word "estate"If the object of a tax belongs to plenty of owners, the tax is in the name of one or more co-owners, followed by the words "in indivisibility" .Art.6. For the calculation of the taxes and their accessories, the taxable base is set in Euro to the top cent or to the lower cent depending on the thousandth of a euro, whether or not reached the number spring.art. 7. The different taxes, including the surcharges, are determined in every phase of the calculation in euros and rounded to the upper cent or to deleger cent depending on the thousandth of a euro the number five or not reached. Department2. - assessment brilliant. 8. § 1. If the taxpayer explicitly agrees with the working method explained in Article 19, second paragraph of the Codex, his assessment pillet will be made available by the Platform indicated by the regional fiscal administration. § 2. The taxpayer who explicitly agrees with the working method stated in paragraph 1 is obliged to provide a personal e-mail address the platform indicated by the regional tax administration. The first member e-mail address is used by the regional tax administration For an informative message that reports that a document referred to in Article 19 of the Codex is available for the platform made available by the regional tax administration. §3. After the date of withdrawal of the agreement or the date of death, the documents referred to in article 19 of the Codex will be returned to the taxpayer closed to the taxpayer.art.9. § 1. In the event of a joint levy, the agreement referred to in Article 8, § 1, must be given by each spouse or legally cohabiting. In the case referred to in the primary member, each spouse or legally cohabiting together receives the assessment notice and any memories. § 2. The purely electronic provision of the assessment notice and any memories, in the case of joint levy will be terminated when: 1 ° both spouses or legislators have died; 2 ° one spouse or legally cohabiting his agreement with 3 ° the spouses or the spouses or the spouses or legally cohabiting are actually separate; 4 ° The separation has been transferred in the registers of the Civil Registry after 1 January of the tax year; 5 ° the legal but the legal home residence comes to an end when Article 1476 of the Dutch Civil Code after 1 January of the assessment year.van this moment the assessment notice and any memories are exclusively closed the taxpayer transferred. Department 3. - Success of Success. 10. The taxpayer who, in accordance with Article 25 of the Codex, must proceed to a notification to the competent agent, can carry out this notification by normal correspondence or by e -mail on the by the Regional Fiscal Administration Certain address 3. - Payment of the Tax Cart.11 . The taxes and their accessories must be paid in the bank account communicated by the competent Uitders to the contrary to proof of payment for transfers, the account extracts associated with it. 12. The payment of the taxes and their accessories have elaboration: 1 ° for the payment resources referred to in Article 11, on the date on which the bank account of the Regional Phiscal Administration was credited; 2 ° for the payments mentioned in Article 35, second paragraph of the Codex , on the date of issuing the funds in the hands of the bailiff.kapreek4. - Collection department 1. - Certainty art. 13. The guarantee referred to in Article 42 of the Codex is recorded by the competent agent. The amount must be equal to the suspected amount of the obligations in one year that can be imposed on the relevant natural or legal person. The aforementioned amount is, however, calculated after deduction of the net sales value of his goods that form the property of the region and which are located : a) in Belgium; b) in a country for which a Bebelgia has entered into an agreement to regulate mutual assistance on the recovery of the taxes to which the interested party is subject; c) in a country that falls under the application of Directive 2010/24/EU of the Council of 16 March 2010 on mutual assistance in the collection of claims arising from taxes, rights, and other measures. However, the guarantee may in no case amount to less than 750 euros.Art. 14. The guarantee to be provided consists either of a business security in the form of a bail in money or in government funds or of a mortgage branch, either from a personal guarantee. The competent agent Magandere ways of guaranteeingIf necessary, the aforementioned ways may simultaneously be used to provide the total security .Art. 15. The immovable property that is a mortgage guarantee are offered, must be located in Belgium. If the build -clearing good will occur, then proof of satisfact insurance against fire is provided before the mortgage use. The deed must be stated that the regular payment of the insurance premium annual will be proven under penalty of decay of the adoption. In all cases, the property is given and of the mortgage state of the property and becomes the value of value, at the expense of the taxpayer, laid down by all resources that donate satisfaction, among other things through an estimate of a general as a competent recognized expert, as the competent agentdit. 16. Billings in money are deposited or transferred to the account in the name of the Deposit and Consignation Basks. In everything, and in particular with regard to the interest that owes the deponent, they are equated with deposits in the deposit and consignment greenhouse.art.17. Dematerialized securities registered on a securities account in a liquidation institution or a recognized account holder that is authorized to keep such effects to be clocked by the competent agent; A mention is made in that account that these securities may not be disposed of or to be brought away without written permission from the competent agent.art.18. According to Belgian law, the personal deposit must be skilled in order to enter into commitments and are assumed by the competent Agent.art. 19. If the business security or the solvency of the personal deposit due to any cause such as depreciation of the to be secured to secure goods or government funds or noticeable reduction of the fortress of the deposit, the taxpayer is considered to be held at the first request of the competent agent one Newly security or to set a new personal guarantee. Department 2. - Purchasing Sub -Department1. - General provisions art. 20. The provisions regarding the content and service of exploit are applicable to the deeds of judicial prosecutions on regional taxes. - Direct persecution art. 21. The direct prosecutions include: 1 ° the writ of execution; 2 ° the executive attachment of movable property; 3 ° the attachment of branch and root-resistant fruits; 4 ° the executive seizure of sea-going vessels and inland vessels; 5 ° the executive attachment of real estate . Those prosecutions are judicial and their valid declaration is the competence of the ordinary courts.art. 22. In the event that a taxpayer tax has not paid taxes within the installments of Article 32 of the Codex, the competent agent makes him a writ of execution to pay within 24 hours, on pain of enforcement transfer. 23. As a result of the service of a writ of execution, partial payments that do not hence the continuation of the prosecution.art. 24. If the period referred to in Article22 has expired, the competent agent proceeds to executive seizure of movable property.art. 25. Opposite taxpayers who, by removing movable objects or otherwise, try to make the guarantee of the Region disappear or simply reduce, the competent agent can have an executive seizure on movable good without prior service order. In that case, the exploitation of seizures involves The writ of execution before seizure and contains the grounds in advance does not mean in advance of a writ of execution. 26. It is the competent agents forbidden, directly or indirectly any object, of which they bring about the sale, to buy or have to buy it on pain of nullity of the sale and of dismay from their office.art.27. If no other creditors have seized or resistance, the gross proceeds from the sales pattern will be in the hands of the regional tax administration. The bailiff does, the following does, first of all, deduct the prosecution costs that are due to him. If other creditors have taken seizures or resistance, the bailiff carries the proportional Distribution in the manner, determined in articles1627 to 1638 of the Judicial Code.art. 28. The Regional Fiscal Administration Leave the sums paid to him in accordance with the rules stated in Article 36 of the Codex and pays the taxpayer any surplus back. § 1. The competent agent may, by registered letter, be executed by third -party, the sums owed or belonging to a taxpayer, to the course of the amount, in whole or in part, which is due by the latter under the taxes and their accessoriesDatbeslag has effect from the handing over to the addressee. §2. From the date of the entry into force of the agreement that is concluded between the Third-Bes' and DeGewestle Fiscal Administration, the competent agent can place the collection referred to in the first paragraph under third parties by means of a procedure in which computer techniques are used. The agreement remains applicable As long as the Third Beslife has not explicitly canceled it by registered letter. The cancellation starts from the first day of the third month following the receipt of its notification by the regional tax administration. In the cases in which user is made of the option referred to in the first paragraph, the attachment has been elaborated under third parties from the date of receipt under third parties of the seizure of third parties by the third party. If the same seizure is successively foreseen under third parties in accordance with the proceedings, respectively in the first paragraph and the first paragraph, first paragraph, the seizure will only pron if the first paragraph, first paragraph, the handing over to the addressed soals determined in the first paragraph, second paragraph, the date of receipt of the attachment by the third-party bronze as stipulated in the third paragraph. , is the same, regardless of whether it is communicated by mid del from a procedure in which computer techniques are used or by a registered letter. Sprong and the integrity of the content of the notification of Hetbeslag referred to in the second paragraph must be insured in the event of shipment by means of a procedure in which computer techniques are used by means of adapted security techniques. If the notification of the seizure would be valid as seizure among third parties, a digital certificate should be used. Our fact that applied technology is guaranteed that only the person entitlement is created by the Digital Certificate. The follow -up procedures must also allow the natural person responsible for the shipping correct to be identified and that the time of the shipment can be correctly determined.§ 3. The attachment under third parties is also by registered letter to the taxpayer A. if the taxpayer no longer has a known place of residence, the notification of the seizure by registered letter to the public prosecutor in Brussels in Brussels. The taxpayer can use the competent agent to charge the competent letter from the third -party letter from the Seventh day that follows the issue of the notice of the seizure at the provider of the Universal Postal Service. The taxpayer must inform the third-party report within the same period by registered letter. If the seizure refers to income referred to in Articles1409, §§ 1 and 1bis, and 1410 of the Judicial Code, the notice, on an impression, contains the declaration form for child In accordance with the model stated in Article 1409ter, § 1, first paragraph of the Judicial Code. § 4. The collection of third parties referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2 gives rise to the preparation and sending, by the competent agent, of a report of seizure as referred to in Article 1390 of the Judicial Code. § 5. Subject to the provisions of paragraphs 1, 2 and 3, the provisions apply to this attachment of Articles 1539, 1540, 1542, first and second paragraph, and 1543 of the Judicial Code, with DienverDand that: 1 ° the Third-Bes' declaration of the sums or cases that the object of the attachment can also be used by means of a procedure in which IT techniques are used on the competent agent if the seizure of third parties was determined in the second paragraph, first paragraph, in accordance with the procedure; In this case, the date of the statement of the sums or business that is the object of the attachment is the receipt date communicated by the regional tax administration; 2 ° the third-party seizure is obliged to submit a copy in accordance with Article 1543 of the Judicial Code of the notice of the attachment to issue the amount of the attachment referred to in the third paragraph, first paragraph. If the attachment is made under third parties in accordance with the procedure provided for in Detweede, the submission of the notice of the attachment of the attachment is deemed to have been filled by the announcement to the third-party sole of the date of the relief van of the seizure with the provider of the universal postal serviceIn that case, the communication is also done by means of a procedure in which IT techniques are used; 3 ° the amount of the attachment takes place in the hands of the competent agent. §6. The costs for the registered letters intended in the prior sections are charged to the person liable for the legislative. § 7. The taxpayer is informed of the destination of the payments and of the balance after payments. § 8. With the sole purpose of carrying out the provisions referred to in this article, the attached taxpayer may be identified on the hand of: 1 ° the identification number stated in Article III.17 of the Economic Code; or2 ° the national register number; of3 ° the identification number stated in Article8 of the Act of 15 January 1990 establishing and organization of a crossroads bank of social security.art. 30. The executive attachment under third parties must be made by means of a bailiff's exploit the manner determined in Articles 1539 to 1544 of the Judicial Code, when it appears: 1 ° that the taxpayer opposes the in Article 29, §§ 1 and 2, the seizure; 2 ° that the third party disputes his fault towards the taxpayer; 3 ° that the sums and items are the subject of a opposition or seizure among third parties before the attachment referred to in Article 29, §§ 1 and 2, done by other creditors; 4 ° that the goods must be made. In these cases, the competent agent, in accordance with article 29, §§ 1 and 2, seized its conservative effect under third parties, the competent agent was an executive attachment among third parties In the hands of third parties as determined by Article 1539 of the Judicial Code, within one month after:-or the issue at the provider of the Universal Postal Service VA the objects of the taxpayers determined by Article 29, § 3, second paragraph, or of the statement as determined by Article 1452 of the Judicial Code;- or the receipt of this statement if it was sent by means of proceedings in which IT techniques are used such as Determined by article 29, § 5. Subtiation 4. - Personal art taxed with the prosecutions.31. The prosecutions regarding the regional taxes are established by bailiffs or the competent agents. As a result, in that capacity, the compulsions and the fittings make the seizures and devastation. Costs those that have been adopted in article 33, on pain of reimbursement, compensation and interest.art.32. Under no circumstances may the competent agents, on pain of dismay, accept any sum of the taxpayers, nor if wages, nor to pay taxes. have to pay. - persecution cost. 33. The prosecution costs are determined in accordance with the rules that apply for the deeds of the bailiffs in civil and businesses.art. 34. The prosecution costs charged to the taxpayers. Those costs are fully entitled to the bailiffs. They come to the region, for prosecutions made by the competent agents.art.35. For liquidation, it is not accepted: 1 ° Costs of deeds that are not supported by the original pieces; 2 ° costs that are the result of prosecutions that are random, without a compulsory order or in a order that has been conflict with these regulations; 3 ° costs made counter -dutifully taxpayers . Chapter 5. - Information obligations from third -party.36. The competent agent is authorized to detect violations and to draw up, even alone, official taxes. 37. The certificate stated in Article 68 of the Codex is issued after the person concerned has submitted an application for natural or legal person, in three -copies. The application and the certificate are drawn up in accordance with the model determined by the director-general of the regional tax administration. The certificate is awarded 8 days after the submission of the application. 38. For each credit, loan or advance, for which the benefit of economic expansion has been requested, the credit institutions and establishments, as well as the administrations, public institutions or organizations that grant subsidies for an amount of amount than 2,000 euros stated in Article 68 of the Codex, must be in principle, being in possession of only one certificate. The date of the presentation of that certificate may not be earlier than one month before the date of the application for obtaining the benefit, nor later than this dateHowever, a new certificate must be submitted if the decision to grant the benefit has not been taken within six months from the date of the certificate.art. 39. A copy of the certificate referred to in Article 68 of the Codex is sent by the competent agent to the government stated in the request of the certificate. As it appears from the certificate that the amount of one or more taxes, whether or not the accessories, owes Is the natural person or legal person who has applied for an advantage of economic expansion, determines the decision to grant the credit institution or establishment, or the administrations, public institutions or organizations, grant subsidies for an amount higher than 2,000 euros the funds are not entirely May release the interested party paid his tax liability.Art. 40. § 1. As a result of the issue of the credit institution or establishment, or the administrations, public institutions or organizations that grant subsidies for an amount higher than 2,000 euros, it appears that an amount or their accessories are due for the natural person or legal entity a credit, loan or advance has been granted for which an advantage of economic expansion is requested, the funds from the credit, the loan or the advance are not released that amount, provided that the person concerned natural person or Legal person in a certificate in which the competent agent declares that those taxes and accessories have been paid. With the consent of the taxpayer, the credit institution or establishment may, however, transfer these funds directly to the competent receiving office. § 2. In the case stated in Article 38, third paragraph, the credit institution or device with the data of the new certificate must only take into account to the extent that the funds have not yet been released before the expiry of the six -month specification in that provision. Chapter 6. - Sanctions department 1. - Loss of the upright representation art. 41. In the context of the procedure referred to in Article 80 of the Codex, the proxy can be assisted by a lawyer. Process report of the interrogation, as intended in Article 80, second paragraph of the Codex, is drawn up. After reading, the official report is signed by the competent agent and the proxy. Their signature is preceded by the handwritten mention: "read and approved". If the interested party refuses to sign, then the report will be made in the official report with precisation of the reasons for refusal. Acertained copy of the official report will be notified to the proceedings within the eight days of this date. Department 2.- Administrative sanctions. 42. The person considers an administrative fine imposed in the application of Title 2, Chapter 6, Section 2 of Decodex can transfer his comments in writing in accordance with the procedure of the preliminary ruling in Article 101 of the Codex.in the framework of the preliminary ruling can appeal , if the person wishes, where appropriate, to assist via his representative or with the help of the chosen person sum, to be heard to be heard. Within 30 days from the receipt of the occupation by the regional tax administration, he will provide the offender the date and location of the requested hearing. Title 3. - Cooperation between the region and the municipal chapter1. - Municipal surcharges on the regional tax art. 43. § 1. The college mayor and aldermen of the municipality who wishes to take over the service of the municipal surcharges by the region must inform the director-general of the regional tax administration of before 30 June of the year preceding to The relevant tax year for which the municipality wants the service to be taken over. This notification is made by registered letter. Declaration referred to in the first paragraph contains: 1 ° a copy of the decision of the municipal councils as referred to in Article 107, § 2, first paragraph, 4 °, of the Codex; 2 ° a file that The regional tax administration to conduct an initial investigation to ensure that the conditions will be specified in Article 107, § 2 of the Codex at the moment of Inkhiering. § 2. After receiving the notification referred to in paragraph 1, Regional Fiscal Administration invites the municipality concerned to inform him about the modalities of the takeover of the service of the municipal surcharges. If the municipality does the application, this information can also be done are done by sending explanatory documents to the municipality.art. 44In the event of the takeover of the service by the regional tax administration, the municipality makes every effort to facilitate the acquisition of the service by the regional tax administration. When a dispute with regard to determination, the collection or collection of the municipal Returns for a judicial authority are brought, the regional tax administration informs the municipality of this. The regional tax administration to the municipality a copy of all speeches of the judicial authorities about.art.45. § 1. If the city council withdraws one of its regulations referred to in Article 107, § 2, first -line member, 3 °, of the codex, or, in general, in the event of the assumption by the municipality of each act that may have an influence on The service of the municipal surcharges, then the municipality must immediately communicate this to the regional tax administration. § 2. The aforementioned distribution is followed by the notification, by registered letter, addressed to the director-general of the regional tax administration, of the decision to withdraw or of the deed referred to in the first paragraph. The municipality is charged with this notification. This notification must be made within 10 working days from the day on which the decision to withdrawal or deed was adopted in the first paragraph.Art. 46. ​​The Kohieren of the municipal surcharge the regional taxes referred to in Article 107 of the Codex are determined in accordance with the modalities determined by the director-general of the regional tax administration. be declared implementable; The tax rates related to the respective assessment years apply. Chapter2. - the acquisition of the service of the municipal tax art. 47. § 1. In accordance with article 109, § 1 of the Codex, the municipality shall inform the regional tax administration in knowledge of the decision of the municipal council to start the negotiation procedure for the agreement protocol. This notification is made by registered letter addressed to the director- General of the Regional Phiscal Administration. This notification contains a copy of the decision of the municipal council to start the negotiation procedure and, where appropriate, a copy of the municipal regulations that the tax has set for which the takeover of the service is proposed. Done no later than 30 June of the year before the relevant tax year from when the service of the municipal tax will be insured by the regional tax administration, the postmark is the date. § 2. The agreement protocol will be concluded at the latest the last day of the fourth month preceded at the start of the taxable period from WANNOD DERVAND will be insured by the regional tax administration. The agreement protocol will be signed with regard to the municipality , by the competent body on the basis of the New Municipalities Act of 24 June 1988 and, with regard to the regional tax administration, by the minister and by the director-general of the regional tax administration. §3. Once the agreement protocol was concluded in accordance with the modalities referred to in paragraph 2, the municipality informs the regional tax administration of its decision to transfer the service, of the municipal tax in the agreement protocol, to the regional tax administration. This notification is made by registered letter addressed to the director-general of the regional tax administration. This notification contains a copy of the decision of the city council to bear the service of the municipal tax to the regional tax administration, as well as a copy of the municipal regulations which determines the municipal tax for the takeover of the aforementioned service. This notification is made to the start of the taxable era from WHEN SERVICE of the municipal tax, which is preceded by the regional tax administration, The postmark is the date. § 4. The decision of the minister to end an end to the takeover of the service of a municipal tax referred to in Article 109, § 4 of the Codex, is given to the registered letter addressed to the municipality concerned. The decision of the municipal council to to put an end to the acquisition of the service of a municipal tax referred to in Article 109, § 5, first paragraph of the Codex, is notified by the municipalityThis decision is given to the statement of letter addressed to the Ministerial and also to the director-general of the Regional Fiscal Administration.art. 48. §1. If the city council withdraws one of its regulations, referred to in Article 47, § 3, second paragraph, and §4, second paragraph, and, in general, in the event of assumption by the municipality of each act that can have an influence on the service of the municipal tax by the regional tax administration, then the municipality must immediately communicate this to the regional tax administration.§ 2. The aforementioned notification is followed by the notification by the municipality by registered writing to the director-general of the Regional Fiscal Administration, of the decision to withdraw or of the deed as referred to in the first paragraph. This notification should be made within 10 working days from the day on which the decision to withdrawal or the actions as referred to in the first paragraph were adopted. Chapter 3. - The acquisition of the service of the municipal premium art. 49. § 1. In accordance with Article 115, § 1 of the Codex, the Municipality informs the regional tax administration of the decision of dismissal council to start the negotiation procedure for an agreement protocol. This notification is made by registered letter addressed to the director-general of the regional tax administration. This notification contains a copy of the decision of the city council to start the negotiation procedure and, where appropriate, a copy of the municipal regulations that has set the premium For which the takeover of the service was proposed by the regional Phiscal Administration. This notification is made no later than 30 June of the year before the year in question when the service of the municipal premium will be insured by the regional tax administration, the postmark is the date. § 2. The agreement protocol is signed, with regard to the municipality, by the competent body on the basis of the new Municipalities Act of 24 June 1988 and, with regard to the regional tax administration, by the minister and the director-general. § 3. Once the agreement protocol was concluded in accordance with the modalities referred to in paragraph 2, the municipality brings the regional tax administration knowledge of its decision to transfer the service of the municipal premium referred to in the agreement protocol to the regional tax administration. This notification is made by registered writing to the director-general of the Regional Fiscal Administration. This is a copy of the decision of the municipal council to transfer the service of the municipal premium to the regional tax administration, as well as a copy of the municipal regulations that The municipal premium determines for which the takeover of the aforementioned service is intended.§ 4. The Minister's decision to put an end to the acquisition of the service of a municipal premium as referred to in Article 115, § 4, first paragraph of the Codex , is notified by registered letter addressed to the municipality concerned. The decision of the municipal council to put an end to the acquisition of the service of a municipal premium as referred to in Article115, § 5, first paragraph of the Codex, is notified by the municipality. This decision is informed by registered letter addressed to the minister as well as the director-general of the regional fiscal administration.art. 50. § 1. If the city council withdraws one of its regulations, referred to in Article 49, § 3, second paragraph, or, in general, in the event of the assumption by the municipality of each act that may have an influence on the service of the Municipal premium by the regional tax administration, then the municipality must immediately share this to the regional tax administration. § 2. The aforementioned notification is followed by the notification, by registered letter addressed by the municipality to the Director-General of the Regional Fiscal Administration, of the decision to withdraw or of the deed referred to in the first paragraph. This notification must be made within the 10 working days from the day on which the decision to withdraw or the deed as referred to in the first paragraph were adopted. Chapter4. - the forced collection of amounts owed to the municipal art. 51. in accordance with article 118, § 1, fourth paragraph of the Codex, the amounts that owe to the municipalities may be collected in accordance with the provisions of Title 2, Chapter 4 of this Decree, as well as VanTitel 2, Chapter 4 of the Codex and of Section 3 of chapter 5 of Title 2 of the Codex.art.52. § 1In accordance with Article 118, § 2, second paragraph of the Codex, the municipality of Degewestelijke Tax Administration shall inform the decision of the municipal council to start the negotiation procedure for the agreement protocol. This notification is made by registered letter aimed at the director-general of the regional tax administration. This notification contains a copy of the decision of the municipal council to start the negotiation procedure.§ 2. The agreement procotol is signed with regard to the municipality, by The competent organ on the ground of the new Municipalities Act of 24 June 1988 and, with regard to the regional tax administration, by the minister and by the director-general of the regional tax administration. §3. Once the chord protocol was concluded in accordance with the modalities referred to in paragraph 2, the municipality informs the regional tax administration of its decision to entrust the forced input of the amounts owed to the municipality to the regional deficiency administration. This notification is made by registered letter addressed to the Director-General of the Regional Fiscal Administration. This notification contains a copy of the decision of the city council to trust the amounts owed to the municipality of the regional tax administration. § 4. The Minister's decision to put an end to the takeover of the forced collection of the amounts are destroyed to the municipality, as referred to in Article 118, § 5, first paragraph of the codex, is notified by registered letter addressed to the municipal council of the municipality concerned. Decision of the city council to put an end to the takeover, by the regional tax administration, of the forced collection of the amounts owed to the municipality as intended in Article 118, § 6, first paragraph of the Codex, is given to the knowledge of the municipality. This decision is given to the Minister and also the director -general of the Regional Fiscal Administration.titel. Between Member States on Collection Art.53. § 1. No administrative fine can be imposed by the application of Article 119, §3 of the codex when the person concerned does not participate in his silence and not participate in self -procrimination, as derived from Article 6 of the Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Defundamental freedoms, signed on November 4, 1950, in Rome. § 2. The scale of administrative fines is determined as follows:- 1st infringement: 10,000 euros; -2th Introduction: 25,000 euros;- Next infringements: 50,000 euros in deviation from the first-member, if the offender proves that the infringement of manifest Writing is faithfulness or the intention of avoiding the tax or the obstructing of his collection, the fine is determined the following scale:- 1st infringement: 125 euros;- 2nd infringement: 1,000 euros; following infringements: 1,500 euros. Deviation from the first and second paragraph, if the offender provides that the infringement is the result of circumstances independent of his will, the fine is canceled.§ 3. There is a second infringement or subsequent infringement such as, at the time a new infringement committed by an offender, the offender was informed of the administrative fine of the foregoing infringement. For the application of the first paragraph, it is deemed to be refutable Wi JZE, that the offender has taken note of an administrative fine, the Seventh Day that follows on the date of the decision of the decision, as evidenced by the letter of notification of the decision to impose the administrative fine. § 4. The decision in which the aforementioned fine is imposed will be sent by registered letter to the offender. The decision states the name and account number of the region on which the payment must be made. Chapter 2. - Electronic Managementart. 54. The addressee of the documents from the Regional Fiscal Administration can choose to receive these documents exclusively a platform designated by the regional tax administration. This choice must be supplied via the platform indicated by the regional tax administration. This statement cancel or can request for the use of new contact details. This withdrawal or this question is, however, only opposable to the regional tax administration panaf The thirty-one day that follows on the date of the receipt of the regional fiscal administration.art. 55The electronic file management referred to in Article 121 of the Codex via the computer science applications implemented with the Regional Fiscal Administration. The security of the registration, retention, reuse and sending of personal data obtained by the regional tax administration is done in accordance with the 2016 Regulation/ 679/EUvan the European Parliament and the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons related to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of that data entot withdrawal of Directive 95/46/EG.Art. 56. The Regional Fiscal Administration may, in accordance with article 122 of the Codex, sign documents electronically using the E-ID, or similar applications of the person signing the document. The Regional Fiscal Administration Job offers the taxpayer the option of signing documents with a electronic signature. This signature is made by way of e-ID, or similar applications of the procedures for the aforementioned electronic signatures, will be built in the computer science applications referred to in the previous article. The electronic signature must not be certified to be valid in the context of functioning of the Regional Phisal Administration, unless the electronic signature contains serious instructions of identity theft or falsification.art. 57. If an item of this Decree provides for the shipment by registered translations, the minister may in the possibility of shipment by electronically registered shipment provision. 58. In Articles6 and 7 of the Decree of the Brussels -Capital Government of 22 February 2018, the implementation of the ordinance of 23 November 2017 containing legislative adjustments with a view to the acquisition of the Real Estimation Service by the Brussels -Capital Region are the words " Three -nine days "replaced by the words" 186 days ".Art. 59. This Decree has elaboration from 1 January 2019. In deviation from the first paragraph, have Article 37, Chapter 4 of Title2 and Chapter 6 of Title 2 and the Title 4 elaboration with effect from 19 March 2019. In Deviation from the previous paragraphs Article 10 enters into force on the day of the announcement in the Belgian Official Gazette of this decision.brussel, 24 June 2021. For the Brussels-Capital Government: the Prime Minister, r. Vervoortde Minister of Finance, S.Gatz