Publication: 2021-01-15Numac: 2021200011Federal Public Service Chancellery of the Prime Minister24 December 2020.-Law for the Royal Decrees of the Law of 27 March 2020 that authorization grants the King to take measures in the fight against The distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (I) (1) Filip, King of the Belgians, who are now and will hereinafter refer to our greetings. The rooms have accepted the chambers and we follow it: Article 1. This law regulates a matter as referred to in Article 78 of the Constitution. 2. § 1. Royal Decree No. 12 of 21 April 2020, with regard to the extension of the periods of the administration of justice for the Council of State and the written treatment of the goods, is ratified. § 2. The Royal Decree of 4 May 2020 to extend some measures taken by Royal Decree No. 12 of 21 April 2020 with regard to the extension of the time limits of the administration of the Council of State and the written handling of the goods, is ratified . § 3. The Royal Decree of 18 May 2020 to extend some measures taken by Royal Decree No. 12 of 21 April 2020 with regard to the extension of the time limits of the administration of the Council of State and the written handling of the goods, will be ratified .Art. 3. § 1. The special powers decision no. 19 of May 2020 with regard to the extension of the periods of the administration of justice at the Council for Aliens Disputes and the written handling of the goods is ratified. § 2. The Royal Decree of 26 May 2020 to extend some measures taken by the Royal Decree No.19 of 5 May 2020 with regard to the extension of the periods of the administration of justice at the Council for Aliens Disputes and the written handling of the goods reinforced.art.4. This law comes into effect the day on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. The laws, order that it will be held with the country's seal and will be announced by the Belgian Official Gazette. Given in Cierton, 24 December 2020.filipvan Koningsweight: The Prime Minister, a. De Croode Vice-Prime Minister and Minister of Economics Work, P.-Y. Dermagede Vice-Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs, European Affairs and Foreign Trade, and the federal cultural institutions, s. Wilmesdevice-Tereminister and Minister of Mobility, g. Gilkineted vice-teachers Minister of Finance, in charge of coordinating the fight against fraud, v. Van Peteghemdevice-Teermeinister and Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health, Fr. VANDENBROUCKEDeVice-eersteminister en Minister van Ambtenarenzaken, Overheidsbedrijven, Telecommunicatie en Post,P.DE SUTTERDe Vice-eersteminister en Minister van Justitie, belast met Noordzee,V.VAN QUICKENBORNEDe Minister van Middenstand, Zelfstandigen, KMO's en Landbouw, InstitutioneleHervormingen en Democratische Vernieuwing,D . Clarin fallen Minister of Pensioners Social Integration, charged with persons with disabilities, poverty reduction and Beliris, K.Lalieuxde Minister of Defense, l. Dedondende Minister of Climate, Environment, Sustainable Development and Green Deal, z. Khattabide Minister of the Interior, Institutional Reforms and Democratic Innovation, a. Verlindende Ministervan Development Cooperation, charged with large cities, m. Kitirde Minister of Energy, T.van der Straetende State Secretary for Relance and Strategic Investments, taxed Metish science policy, Th. Divine State Secretary for Digitization, taxed with administrative simplification, privacy and the management of the buildings, m. Michelde State Secretary for Gender equality equal opportunities and diversity, S. Schlitzde State Secretary for Asylum and Migration, charged with the National Lottery, s. Mahdide State Secretary for Budget and Consumer Protection, E. De Bleekermet 's Lands seal sealed: the Minister of Justice, v. Van Quickenborne______notakamer of People's Representatives (www.dekamer.be): Documents: 55 1441integral report: December 3, 2020.SENAAT (www.senate.be): Pieces: 7-205Nr. 1: NONTIATE EBOUTED by the Senate.