Publication: 2021-04-09NUMAC: 2021201597Federal Public Service Employment, Labor and Social Consultation28 March 2021.-Act granting a right to small leave for employees with a view to receiving a vaccine for protection against the Coronavirus COVID-19 ( 1) Filip, King of the Belgians, to all who are now and will be here, our greeting has accepted the Chamber of Representatives and we ratify what follows: Chapteri. - General provision and scope of application Article 1. This law regulates a matter in Article 74 of the Constitution. Art. 2. This law applies to all employees employers linked by an employment contract. Chapter II. - Right to paid absence of work Art. 3. The employee has the right to be absent from the work, while retaining his normal wage, with a view to receiving a vaccine for protection against the COVID-19. The employee has this right during the time required for the vaccination. The absence of the work referred to is corresponded to an absence of the work the meaning of Article 30, § 1, of the law of 3 July 1978 on the employment contracts. The normal wage for this absence is determined in accordance with the provisions of Article 56 of the same law. To be entitled to the wage, the employee must inform the employer in advance as soon as possible from the time or time slot of the vaccination. He must use the leave for the purpose for which it is permitted. At the request of the employer, the employee to submit proof of this. Submitting the confirmation of the agreement to be present at a certain time at a place where the vaccination is administered applies to sufficient evidence. Insofar as the confirmation does not state when the employee is present in a place where the vaccination is administered, the invitation must be submitted. The employer may only use the information he thus obtains with a view to the organization of work and the care of A correct payroll administration. The employer is not permitted to take a copy of the agreement confirmation or to write the information it contains, with the exception of the time of the agreement. It is the employer SingleoGestaan ​​to register the absence of the employee as a small leave. It is nevertheless the employer to register and/or register the reason for the small leave that the employee has health problems. Chapter III. - Entry into force and temporal effect art. 4. This law works the day on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette and takes place in operation on 31 December 2021. The Koning can, after advice from the National Labor Council, a decision established in the Council of Ministers, the referred to in the first paragraph Date of outer effects postponed at the latest 30 June 2022. Call this law, order that it will be claded with the country's seal and will be announced by the Belgian Official Gazette. Given in Brussels, 28 March2021.filip van Koningswege: the Minister of Work, p. -Y. Dermagnemet's country seal sealed: the Minister of Justice, v. Van Quickenborne_______notakamer of representatives of the people (www.dekamer.be) Pieces: 55 1849/ (2019/2020): 001: bill 002: amendment.003: report.004: Text adopted by the Commission.005: Amendment after report.006: AcPnd taken text .Tegral report: March 25, 2021.Publication: 2021-06-01Numac: 2021201654Federal Public Service Employment, Labor and Social Consultation18 April 2021.-Royal Decree in which the collective employment contract of 18 December 2020 is generally concluded, concluded in the joint subcommité for the airlines, regarding a regulation of complete suspension of the implementation of the employment contract and/or a regulation of partial work in the absence of work due to force majeure because of the coronavirus (COVID-19) (1) Filip, King of the Belgians, to all who are now and will be here, unsuspecting. In view of the law of 5 December 1968 on collective employment contracts and the joint committees, in particular Article 28; in view of the request of the joint subcommité for the airlines; on the nomination of the Minister of Work, we have decided and decide: Article 1. Generally binding, the collective labor taken as an appendix is ​​explained SOCTION OF 18 December 2020, concluded in the joint subcommittee for the airlines, concerning a regulation of full suspension of the implementation of the employment contract and/or a regulation of partial work due to lack of work due to force majeure of the coronavirus (COVID-19) .Art. 2. The minister competent for work is charged with the implementation of this Decree in Brussels, 18 April 2021. Filipvankoningweight: the Minister of Work, P.-Y. Dermagne _________cillation (1) Reference to the Belgian Official Gazette: Law of 5 December 1968, Belgian Official Gazette of15 January 1969. Appendix Subcommité for the airlines -collective labor agreement of 18 December 2020 Regulation of the full suspension of the employment contract and/or regulation of partial work Lack of working for force majeure because of the Coronavirus (COVID-19) (Agreement Registered on 24 December 2020 under the number 162517/CO/315.02) Application area article 1. This collective employment contract is applicable to the employers and to the employees of the companies that are ressation under Het Acassing area of the Joint Subcommité for the airlines (PSC 315.02). Topper. 2. This collective employment contract is concluded in the context of the measures of the federal government that were taken to expand the concept of "temporary unemployment" bidal situations of temporary unemployment as a result of the coronavirus. the employment contract and/or a regulation of gateful work in the absence of work due to force majeure due to the Coronavirus (COVID-19) for the period from 1 July 2020 to 31 March 2021. If the collective employment contract of 10 July 2020 contains change and extension thus replacing of the collective employment contract of 14 April2020 on a regulation of full suspension of the implementation of the employment contract and/or a regulation of partial work in the absence of work due to force majeure due to the coronavirus (COVID-19), registered under no. 159663, but become the object of the administrative decision Ingvijweb the director-general ad collective labor relationships of 16 December 2020 to withdraw this registration. 3. This collective employment contract is laid down on the registry of the General Directorate of Collective Labor Relations of the Federal Purpose Service Employment, Labor and Social Consultation in accordance with the provisions of the Royal Decree of 7 November 1969 establishing the modalities of the depositing of the collective employment contracts. Collective employment contract as quickly as possible is declared generally binding at the Royal Decree. Work security art. 4. The purpose of the application of these measures is to prevent dismissals as much as possible as a result of the economic impact of the Coronavirus. If, despite these efforts, the company is forced to implement multiple disapprovals, the procedures apply. Procedure Art.5. In the absence of work for employees, due to force majeure due to the coronavirus, the implementation of the employment contract of the employee may be completely suspended or a regulation of partial labor per week may be introduced. 6. If the company will be this collective employment contract guest, the duration of the full or partial suspension of the employment contract will be non-hoger than the maximum duration of the Corona crisis measures as determined by the federal government. 7. § 1When introducing the regulation of full suspension of the implementation of the employment contract and/or a regulation of partial work in the absence of work due to force majeure of the coronavirus, the company will inform the works council about: 1. Deconomic and financial situation that the company requires this to implement arrangement; 2. the consequences of the introduction of the regulation on the company and to the state of the employees; 3. The concrete scope modalities of the introduction of the scheme. This information can be communicated with a detailed way. In the absence of a Works Council Inside the company, the information will be communicated to the trade union delegation. §2. This information will be given before the notification of the introduction of temporary unemployment due to force majeure because of the coronavirus, to the unemployment agency of the National Service for Employment Services. § 3. During the period applicable for the executive suspension of the implementation of the employment contract and/or a regulation of partial work in the absence of work due to force majeure due to the coronavirus, a follow -up information of the entered regulation will be carried out together with the works council. Attention from a works council within the company, the information will be communicated to the syndical delegation. § 4. In the context of this follow-up, the employer informs:- the evolution of the economic and financial situation of the company- the consequence of the introduced regulation;- any adjustments that must be made to the application of the regulation entered . Art. 8. § 1. In the introduction of a complete suspension of the implementation of the employment contract and/or a regulation of gateful work in the absence of work due to force majeure due to the coronavirus, the works council, syndical delegation or committee for prevention and protection must at the work of the Measure Introduction to the President of the Joint Subcommittee: 1. The economic and financial situation that the company requires to introduce this regulation; 2. The consequences of the introduction of the company and the company and on the situation of the employees; 3. The concrete scope of application of the regulation. The chairman of the joint Subcommité in turn informs the spokespersons of the organizations represented in the Joint Committee. before the service of the notification to the unemployment agency of the National Service for AR Being provision (RVA). Art.9. § 1. If the procedures referred to in Article 7 or Article 8 of this collective employment contract are not complied with, the most reasonable party, contrary to Chapter VIII of the collective labor agreement regarding the status of the trade union agreements of 24 October 1975, may apply the reconciliation committee, in order to investigate the disputes with regard to the respect of the information and consultation procedure within three working days after the application.§ 2. If, because of circumstances outside the will of the parties, it is impossible to meet within 3 working days, the period can be extended to 7 working days. Income guarantee art. 10. § 1. The employee who is subject to a regulation of full suspension of the implementation of the employment contract and/or a regulation of partial work in the absence due to force majeure due to the coronavirus will receive a surcharge charged from the employer of 9, EUR 40 per day unemployment. § 2. In addition, he receives at the expense of the employer 0.94 EUR: - per day in a regulation of full suspension of the implementation of the employment contracts/or a regulation of partial work in the absence of work due to force majeure due to the coronavirus; Each full bracket of 50 EUR that determines the monthly wage ceiling in the context of the unemployment regulation overrun. "Day" is understood: every day for which the National Employment Service Employee pays a unemployment benefit. If the gross monthly wage of the employee coter is determined in the monthly wage ceiling The framework of the unemployment regulations (currently EUR 754.76), the employee is entitled to an additional gross allowance of 0.94 EUR for each full brut More favorable regulations on the business surface in the context of Corona are possible but will be settled with the sectoral amounts in this collective employment contractIn any case, the supplement must be at least equivalent if the amounts stated above .§ 3. The gross taxable amount of the monthly temporary unemployment benefit increased with the awarded allowances, the 100 pCt may. Not exceeding the gross taxable monthly wage.§ 4. By "monthly wage" is understood: the basic monthly wage, increased by the premiums whose deperiodicity does not exceed the month and which are prorated in the event of unpaid absences.§ 5. In the event of part-time employment The additions are granted in such a way that the part -time employee receives a gross taxable amount that continues to receive a full -time employee. 11. § 1. The periods of full suspension of the performance of the employment contract and/or a regulation of gaps in the absence of work due to force majeure due to the coronavirus are equated with working days in the following cases: - the annual holiday (both vacation days as a holiday pay) - the right to eco vouchers, if applicable;- the notice periods and compensations;- the end-of-year bonus, if applicable;- extra-legal hospitalization insurance, if applicable. § 2. Other any equivalences can be the object of prior consultation. Art. 12. Duration and entry into force of the collective agreement concluded for a certain duration. It enters into force on 1 July 2020 and will take effect on 31 -March 2021. This collective employment contract only applies in the event of temporary unemployment "Coronavirus" or in the event of temporary unemployment due to force majeure under the Coronavirus. April 18, 2021. The Minister of Work, P.-Y. Dermagne