Publication: 2021-07-05Numac: 20210424799ministerie of the French Community24 June 2021.-Decree of the government of the French Community amending the decision of the government of the French Community of 7 May 2020 concerning various provisions on civil servants in the context of the COVID-19-Pandemiede Government of the French Community, giving the special law of 8 August 1980 to reform the institutions, Article 87, § 3, replaced the special law of 8 August 1988 and amended by the special law of 6 January 2014; Entitled to the decision of the Government of the French Community of 22 July 1996 containing the status of the officials of the services of the Government of the French Community; having regard to the Decree of the Government of the French Community of 2 June 2004 on the leave and absences of frame members of the services of the government of the French Community, the Supreme Court for the Audiovisuele sector and the institutions of OP and under the committee of sector XVIIires the COVID-19 Pandemie, amended by the decisions of the Government of the French Community of 2 July 2020, 3 September 2020, 29 October 2020, 7 January 2021 and 11 February2021; Having regard to the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on 16 June 2021; In view of the agreement finding of the Minister of Budget of 24 June 2021; Whereas the government of the French Community adopted a draft decision on 7 May 2020 regarding diverse provisions regarding civil servants in the context of the COVID-19 Pandemie, with ALS aim to establish the regulatory deviations that are necessary for the organization of the employment conditions of the staff of the services of the R egoing and the institutions of public utility of the French Community; mostly the measures referred to in this decision until 30 April 2021 were extended by a decision of the government of the French Community of 11 February 2021; that teleworking remains the rule with regard to the organization of the work, every time this is possible, it is not to be expected that this rule will be discussed in the short term; to extend the decision of the government of the French Community of 7 May 2020; on the nomination of the Minister of Civil Service Affairs; after deliberation, decision: Article1. In Article 7, first paragraph, of the Decree of the Government of the French Community of 7 May 2020 in question various provisions on civil servants in the context of the COVID-19 Pandemie, replaced the decisions of the government of the French Community of 2 July 2020 , 3 September 2020, 29 October 2020 and 10 December 2020, 7 January 2021 and 11 February 2021, the words "30 June 2021" are replaced by the words "September 1, 2021" .Art. 2. Article 3 of the same decision is replaced: "Art. 3. The staff member who performs telephoto work in accordance with Article 2 of this decision or applying the decision of the government of the French Community of 15 November 2017 in question can, at his own request , a fixed monthly reimbursement of 35 euros per calendar monthly receipts to cover the costs of internet connection, printer scanner, ink patterns and document holder. ". Art.3. This decision comes into effect on July 1, 2021.Art. 4. The Minister of Civil Service is taxed with the implementation of this decision.brussel, 24 June 2021. For the government: Deminister President, P.-Y. Jallesse Minister of Budget, Civil Service, Equal Opportunities and the supervision of "Wallonie Bruxelles Enseigement", f. DaardPublication: 2021-07-07Numac: 2021042496Federal Public Service Finance 1 July 2021.-Royal Decree to record the model of the tax return form on tax on non-residents (natural persons) for the tax year 2021 (1) Filip, King of the Belgians, to All who are now and hereinafter referred to our regards on the Income Tax Code, Article 307, § 1, replaced by the law of 25 December 2017; Having regard to the law of the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, article 3, § 1; In view of the urgent essence; whereas:- the model of the tax return form on the tax of non-residents (natural persons) for the tax year 2021 should not be established as soon as possible the location and the collection of that tax cannot be delayed; - In the framework, the gradual realization of the e-government in the Federal Public Service Finance is used a model of declaration that can be scanned † Through the scanning, the executive administration joint for the establishment of the tax can immediately process the income and other data specified by the taxpayer in the calculation programs regarding the tax of non-residents (natural persons);- the scanning of a form only provides sufficient security if the number Scan pages and data to a strict minimum is limited. For that reason, the declaration form for the tax year 2021 will consist of the following parts: a) for taxpayers dieoite part 1 fill in: 1 ° a part with the inscription "Preparation of the declaration in the tax of non -residents (natural persons) - tax year 2021 - income from the year2020 - part 1 "that contains all the necessary entries that make it possible for the taxpayer to correctly fill in the in2 ° part; 2 ° the declaration form (part 1 and 2) that will be scanned and that is a summary of the Data from the preparatory form - Part 1. SUPEL This part must be returned to the service that occurs on the aforementioned declaration form; b) for taxpayers who fill in both part 1 and part 2: 1 ° a part with the inscription "Preparation of the declaration In the tax of non -residents (natural persons) - assessment year2021 - income of the year 2020 - part 1 "that all necessary entries that contains the taxpayer possibly to fill in the part stated in 3 ° correctly; 2 ° a part with the integrity of the tax return in the tax of non -residents (natural persons) - tax year2021 - income of the year 2020 - part 2 "That contains all the necessary entries that make it possible for the taxpayer to correctly complete the part stated in 3 °; 3 ° the declaration form (part 1 and 2) that will be scanned and that is a summary of the data from the preparatory form - part 1 and part 2. Only this part must be returned to the service referred to on the aforementioned declaration form;- this decision must therefore be taken urgently; on the nomination of the Minister of Finance, we have decided and we decide: Article1. The model of the declaration form on tax on non-residents (natural persons) before the tax year 2021 is laid down in the appendix of this Decree. This form form exists components: 1 ° a part with the inscription "Preparation of the tax return in the tax of non-non residents (natural persons) - tax year 2021 - Income of the year 2020 - part 1 "Datalle contains necessary entries to correctly fill in the part stated in 3 °; 2 ° one part with the inscription" Preparation of the tax return in the tax of not - Inhabitants (natural persons) - tax year 2021 - Income of the year 2020 - part 2 "that contains all necessary entries that the part stated in 3 ° contains correctly; 3 ° a part with the inscription" declaration in the tax of non -residents ( natural persons) - tax year 2021 (income of the year 2020) (part 1 and part 2) "that must be returned to the service that occurs on the aforementioned declaration fo rmemel.art.2. The minister responsible for finance is responsible for the implementation of this decision. Brussels, 1 July 2021.filip of Kingin: the Minister of Finance, v.van Peteghem ______ bill (1) References to the Belgian Official Gazette: Code of the income taxes 1992, Coordinated by Royal Decree of 10 April 1992, Belgian Official Gazette of 30 July 1992. Act of 25 December 2017, Belgian Official Gazette of 29 December 2017.wetten on the Council of State, coordinated by Royal Decree of 12 January 1973, Belgian Official Gazette of21 March 1973Annex to the Royal Decree of 1 July 2021 Before consulting the table, see image to be added to our decision of 1 July 2021Filipvan Koningswege: v.van PeteghemPublication: 2021-07-05Numac: 2021042531brussels-Capital Region24 June 2021.-Decree of the Brussels-Capital Government implementing the ordinance of 6 March 2019 on the Brussels Codex Fiscal Procedural Capital and Capital Agency, given the special law of 8 August 1980 to of the institutions, Article20; Having regard to the special law of 12 January 1989 with regard to the Brussels institutions, Article 8; Having regard to the ordinance of 6 March 2019 on the Brussels Codex Fiscal Procedure, Articles 6, 8, 17, 19, 22 , 25, 31, 42, 51, 68, 69, 72, 80, 107, 109, 115, 118, 119, 120, 121, 122,123 and 145; Having regard to the equal Chance test that in accordance with Article 2 of the Ordonnance of 4 October 2018 The introduction of the Equal Possial Test was carried out on January 15, 2019; in view of the advice of the Finance Inspectorate, given on March 18, 2019; in view of the agreement of the Minister of Budget of the Brussels -Capital GE west of 2 April 2019; Given the advice No 66.164/4 of the Council of State, given on 19 June 2019, with application of Article3, § 1 and Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 2 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated by January 12, 1973; predominantly the formulated comment by the Council of State in its advice66.164/4, whereby the government is invited to be in accordance with Article 36 (4) of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of Natural Persons in connection with the processing of personal data and on the free movement of that data and withdrawing Directive 95/46/EC, the advice of the Data Protection Authority questions; The Council of State has become without object on certain articles as a result of the fact that these articles have been omitted from the preliminary draft decision that has become the current decision, where these articles were O taken in the decisions of the Brussels -Capital Government of 26 March 2020 on which the Data Protection Authority was issued the advice 24/2020 of 13 March 2020; to be introduced without additional precisions with regard to possible handling of personal data carried out by the regional tax administration, does not relate to a processing of personal data in the meaning of Article 36, paragraph 4 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and the Of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons in connection with the processing of personal data and on the free movement of that data and to withdrawal of Directive95/46/EC; The taxes whose procedure rules for the ordinance of 6 March 2019 on the Brussels Codex Fiscal Procedure have been established; on the budget, accounting and control; on the proposal of the Finance and Budget Minister, after deliberation, decision: Title 1. - General provisions article1. This decision is cited as: Decree Brussels Codex Fiscal Procedure.art. 2. The following provisions must be understood as follows: 1 ° the Codex: the ordinance of 6 March 2019 on the Brussels Codex tax procedure; 2 ° the minister competent for finance; 3 ° the Regional Fiscal Administration: the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation. Title 2. - Fiscal Procedure Chapter1. - Declaration art. 3. The declaration form is made available to the taxpayer The regional tax administration:- either by normal correspondence;- either either electronically via the platform indicated by the regional fiscal administration.art.4. The declaration is made on a form of which the model was determined by the minister. Must be returned to the regional tax administration:- If the shipment is done by ordinary correspondence, stated on the form;- If the shipment happens the way referred to in Article 8, § 2 of the Codex, via the platform indicated by the Regional Phiscal Administration. Chapter 2. - establishment of the tax department 1. - Kohierart.5. The attacks are coversed in the name of the taxpayers concerned. Attacks, of deceased taxpayers, are coversed in their name preceded from the word "estate"If the object of a tax belongs to plenty of owners, the tax is in the name of one or more co-owners, followed by the words "in indivisibility" .Art.6. For the calculation of the taxes and their accessories, the taxable base is set in Euro to the top cent or to the lower cent depending on the thousandth of a euro, whether or not reached the number spring.art. 7. The different taxes, including the surcharges, are determined in every phase of the calculation in euros and rounded to the upper cent or to deleger cent depending on the thousandth of a euro the number five or not reached. Department2. - assessment brilliant. 8. § 1. If the taxpayer explicitly agrees with the working method explained in Article 19, second paragraph of the Codex, his assessment pillet will be made available by the Platform indicated by the regional fiscal administration. § 2. The taxpayer who explicitly agrees with the working method stated in paragraph 1 is obliged to provide a personal e-mail address the platform indicated by the regional tax administration. The first member e-mail address is used by the regional tax administration For an informative message that reports that a document referred to in Article 19 of the Codex is available for the platform made available by the regional tax administration. §3. After the date of withdrawal of the agreement or the date of death, the documents referred to in article 19 of the Codex will be returned to the taxpayer closed to the taxpayer.art.9. § 1. In the event of a joint levy, the agreement referred to in Article 8, § 1, must be given by each spouse or legally cohabiting. In the case referred to in the primary member, each spouse or legally cohabiting together receives the assessment notice and any memories. § 2. The purely electronic provision of the assessment notice and any memories, in the case of joint levy will be terminated when: 1 ° both spouses or legislators have died; 2 ° one spouse or legally cohabiting his agreement with 3 ° the spouses or the spouses or the spouses or legally cohabiting are actually separate; 4 ° The separation has been transferred in the registers of the Civil Registry after 1 January of the tax year; 5 ° the legal but the legal home residence comes to an end when Article 1476 of the Dutch Civil Code after 1 January of the assessment year.van this moment the assessment notice and any memories are exclusively closed the taxpayer transferred. Department 3. - Success of Success. 10. The taxpayer who, in accordance with Article 25 of the Codex, must proceed to a notification to the competent agent, can carry out this notification by normal correspondence or by e -mail on the by the Regional Fiscal Administration Certain address 3. - Payment of the Tax Cart.11 . The taxes and their accessories must be paid in the bank account communicated by the competent Uitders to the contrary to proof of payment for transfers, the account extracts associated with it. 12. The payment of the taxes and their accessories have elaboration: 1 ° for the payment resources referred to in Article 11, on the date on which the bank account of the Regional Phiscal Administration was credited; 2 ° for the payments mentioned in Article 35, second paragraph of the Codex , on the date of issuing the funds in the hands of the bailiff.kapreek4. - Collection department 1. - Certainty art. 13. The guarantee referred to in Article 42 of the Codex is recorded by the competent agent. The amount must be equal to the suspected amount of the obligations in one year that can be imposed on the relevant natural or legal person. The aforementioned amount is, however, calculated after deduction of the net sales value of his goods that form the property of the region and which are located : a) in Belgium; b) in a country for which a Bebelgia has entered into an agreement to regulate mutual assistance on the recovery of the taxes to which the interested party is subject; c) in a country that falls under the application of Directive 2010/24/EU of the Council of 16 March 2010 on mutual assistance in the collection of claims arising from taxes, rights, and other measures. However, the guarantee may in no case amount to less than 750 euros.Art. 14. The guarantee to be provided consists either of a business security in the form of a bail in money or in government funds or of a mortgage branch, either from a personal guarantee. The competent agent Magandere ways of guaranteeingIf necessary, the aforementioned ways may simultaneously be used to provide the total security .Art. 15. The immovable property that is a mortgage guarantee are offered, must be located in Belgium. If the build -clearing good will occur, then proof of satisfact insurance against fire is provided before the mortgage use. The deed must be stated that the regular payment of the insurance premium annual will be proven under penalty of decay of the adoption. In all cases, the property is given and of the mortgage state of the property and becomes the value of value, at the expense of the taxpayer, laid down by all resources that donate satisfaction, among other things through an estimate of a general as a competent recognized expert, as the competent agentdit. 16. Billings in money are deposited or transferred to the account in the name of the Deposit and Consignation Basks. In everything, and in particular with regard to the interest that owes the deponent, they are equated with deposits in the deposit and consignment greenhouse.art.17. Dematerialized securities registered on a securities account in a liquidation institution or a recognized account holder that is authorized to keep such effects to be clocked by the competent agent; A mention is made in that account that these securities may not be disposed of or to be brought away without written permission from the competent agent.art.18. According to Belgian law, the personal deposit must be skilled in order to enter into commitments and are assumed by the competent Agent.art. 19. If the business security or the solvency of the personal deposit due to any cause such as depreciation of the to be secured to secure goods or government funds or noticeable reduction of the fortress of the deposit, the taxpayer is considered to be held at the first request of the competent agent one Newly security or to set a new personal guarantee. Department 2. - Purchasing Sub -Department1. - General provisions art. 20. The provisions regarding the content and service of exploit are applicable to the deeds of judicial prosecutions on regional taxes. - Direct persecution art. 21. The direct prosecutions include: 1 ° the writ of execution; 2 ° the executive attachment of movable property; 3 ° the attachment of branch and root-resistant fruits; 4 ° the executive seizure of sea-going vessels and inland vessels; 5 ° the executive attachment of real estate . Those prosecutions are judicial and their valid declaration is the competence of the ordinary courts.art. 22. In the event that a taxpayer tax has not paid taxes within the installments of Article 32 of the Codex, the competent agent makes him a writ of execution to pay within 24 hours, on pain of enforcement transfer. 23. As a result of the service of a writ of execution, partial payments that do not hence the continuation of the prosecution.art. 24. If the period referred to in Article22 has expired, the competent agent proceeds to executive seizure of movable property.art. 25. Opposite taxpayers who, by removing movable objects or otherwise, try to make the guarantee of the Region disappear or simply reduce, the competent agent can have an executive seizure on movable good without prior service order. In that case, the exploitation of seizures involves The writ of execution before seizure and contains the grounds in advance does not mean in advance of a writ of execution. 26. It is the competent agents forbidden, directly or indirectly any object, of which they bring about the sale, to buy or have to buy it on pain of nullity of the sale and of dismay from their office.art.27. If no other creditors have seized or resistance, the gross proceeds from the sales pattern will be in the hands of the regional tax administration. The bailiff does, the following does, first of all, deduct the prosecution costs that are due to him. If other creditors have taken seizures or resistance, the bailiff carries the proportional Distribution in the manner, determined in articles1627 to 1638 of the Judicial Code.art. 28. The Regional Fiscal Administration Leave the sums paid to him in accordance with the rules stated in Article 36 of the Codex and pays the taxpayer any surplus back. § 1. The competent agent may, by registered letter, be executed by third -party, the sums owed or belonging to a taxpayer, to the course of the amount, in whole or in part, which is due by the latter under the taxes and their accessoriesDatbeslag has effect from the handing over to the addressee. §2. From the date of the entry into force of the agreement that is concluded between the Third-Bes' and DeGewestle Fiscal Administration, the competent agent can place the collection referred to in the first paragraph under third parties by means of a procedure in which computer techniques are used. The agreement remains applicable As long as the Third Beslife has not explicitly canceled it by registered letter. The cancellation starts from the first day of the third month following the receipt of its notification by the regional tax administration. In the cases in which user is made of the option referred to in the first paragraph, the attachment has been elaborated under third parties from the date of receipt under third parties of the seizure of third parties by the third party. If the same seizure is successively foreseen under third parties in accordance with the proceedings, respectively in the first paragraph and the first paragraph, first paragraph, the seizure will only pron if the first paragraph, first paragraph, the handing over to the addressed soals determined in the first paragraph, second paragraph, the date of receipt of the attachment by the third-party bronze as stipulated in the third paragraph. , is the same, regardless of whether it is communicated by mid del from a procedure in which computer techniques are used or by a registered letter. Sprong and the integrity of the content of the notification of Hetbeslag referred to in the second paragraph must be insured in the event of shipment by means of a procedure in which computer techniques are used by means of adapted security techniques. If the notification of the seizure would be valid as seizure among third parties, a digital certificate should be used. Our fact that applied technology is guaranteed that only the person entitlement is created by the Digital Certificate. The follow -up procedures must also allow the natural person responsible for the shipping correct to be identified and that the time of the shipment can be correctly determined.§ 3. The attachment under third parties is also by registered letter to the taxpayer A. if the taxpayer no longer has a known place of residence, the notification of the seizure by registered letter to the public prosecutor in Brussels in Brussels. The taxpayer can use the competent agent to charge the competent letter from the third -party letter from the Seventh day that follows the issue of the notice of the seizure at the provider of the Universal Postal Service. The taxpayer must inform the third-party report within the same period by registered letter. If the seizure refers to income referred to in Articles1409, §§ 1 and 1bis, and 1410 of the Judicial Code, the notice, on an impression, contains the declaration form for child In accordance with the model stated in Article 1409ter, § 1, first paragraph of the Judicial Code. § 4. The collection of third parties referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2 gives rise to the preparation and sending, by the competent agent, of a report of seizure as referred to in Article 1390 of the Judicial Code. § 5. Subject to the provisions of paragraphs 1, 2 and 3, the provisions apply to this attachment of Articles 1539, 1540, 1542, first and second paragraph, and 1543 of the Judicial Code, with DienverDand that: 1 ° the Third-Bes' declaration of the sums or cases that the object of the attachment can also be used by means of a procedure in which IT techniques are used on the competent agent if the seizure of third parties was determined in the second paragraph, first paragraph, in accordance with the procedure; In this case, the date of the statement of the sums or business that is the object of the attachment is the receipt date communicated by the regional tax administration; 2 ° the third-party seizure is obliged to submit a copy in accordance with Article 1543 of the Judicial Code of the notice of the attachment to issue the amount of the attachment referred to in the third paragraph, first paragraph. If the attachment is made under third parties in accordance with the procedure provided for in Detweede, the submission of the notice of the attachment of the attachment is deemed to have been filled by the announcement to the third-party sole of the date of the relief van of the seizure with the provider of the universal postal serviceIn that case, the communication is also done by means of a procedure in which IT techniques are used; 3 ° the amount of the attachment takes place in the hands of the competent agent. §6. The costs for the registered letters intended in the prior sections are charged to the person liable for the legislative. § 7. The taxpayer is informed of the destination of the payments and of the balance after payments. § 8. With the sole purpose of carrying out the provisions referred to in this article, the attached taxpayer may be identified on the hand of: 1 ° the identification number stated in Article III.17 of the Economic Code; or2 ° the national register number; of3 ° the identification number stated in Article8 of the Act of 15 January 1990 establishing and organization of a crossroads bank of social security.art. 30. The executive attachment under third parties must be made by means of a bailiff's exploit the manner determined in Articles 1539 to 1544 of the Judicial Code, when it appears: 1 ° that the taxpayer opposes the in Article 29, §§ 1 and 2, the seizure; 2 ° that the third party disputes his fault towards the taxpayer; 3 ° that the sums and items are the subject of a opposition or seizure among third parties before the attachment referred to in Article 29, §§ 1 and 2, done by other creditors; 4 ° that the goods must be made. In these cases, the competent agent, in accordance with article 29, §§ 1 and 2, seized its conservative effect under third parties, the competent agent was an executive attachment among third parties In the hands of third parties as determined by Article 1539 of the Judicial Code, within one month after:-or the issue at the provider of the Universal Postal Service VA the objects of the taxpayers determined by Article 29, § 3, second paragraph, or of the statement as determined by Article 1452 of the Judicial Code;- or the receipt of this statement if it was sent by means of proceedings in which IT techniques are used such as Determined by article 29, § 5. Subtiation 4. - Personal art taxed with the prosecutions.31. The prosecutions regarding the regional taxes are established by bailiffs or the competent agents. As a result, in that capacity, the compulsions and the fittings make the seizures and devastation. Costs those that have been adopted in article 33, on pain of reimbursement, compensation and interest.art.32. Under no circumstances may the competent agents, on pain of dismay, accept any sum of the taxpayers, nor if wages, nor to pay taxes. have to pay. - persecution cost. 33. The prosecution costs are determined in accordance with the rules that apply for the deeds of the bailiffs in civil and businesses.art. 34. The prosecution costs charged to the taxpayers. Those costs are fully entitled to the bailiffs. They come to the region, for prosecutions made by the competent agents.art.35. For liquidation, it is not accepted: 1 ° Costs of deeds that are not supported by the original pieces; 2 ° costs that are the result of prosecutions that are random, without a compulsory order or in a order that has been conflict with these regulations; 3 ° costs made counter -dutifully taxpayers . Chapter 5. - Information obligations from third -party.36. The competent agent is authorized to detect violations and to draw up, even alone, official taxes. 37. The certificate stated in Article 68 of the Codex is issued after the person concerned has submitted an application for natural or legal person, in three -copies. The application and the certificate are drawn up in accordance with the model determined by the director-general of the regional tax administration. The certificate is awarded 8 days after the submission of the application. 38. For each credit, loan or advance, for which the benefit of economic expansion has been requested, the credit institutions and establishments, as well as the administrations, public institutions or organizations that grant subsidies for an amount of amount than 2,000 euros stated in Article 68 of the Codex, must be in principle, being in possession of only one certificate. The date of the presentation of that certificate may not be earlier than one month before the date of the application for obtaining the benefit, nor later than this dateHowever, a new certificate must be submitted if the decision to grant the benefit has not been taken within six months from the date of the certificate.art. 39. A copy of the certificate referred to in Article 68 of the Codex is sent by the competent agent to the government stated in the request of the certificate. As it appears from the certificate that the amount of one or more taxes, whether or not the accessories, owes Is the natural person or legal person who has applied for an advantage of economic expansion, determines the decision to grant the credit institution or establishment, or the administrations, public institutions or organizations, grant subsidies for an amount higher than 2,000 euros the funds are not entirely May release the interested party paid his tax liability.Art. 40. § 1. As a result of the issue of the credit institution or establishment, or the administrations, public institutions or organizations that grant subsidies for an amount higher than 2,000 euros, it appears that an amount or their accessories are due for the natural person or legal entity a credit, loan or advance has been granted for which an advantage of economic expansion is requested, the funds from the credit, the loan or the advance are not released that amount, provided that the person concerned natural person or Legal person in a certificate in which the competent agent declares that those taxes and accessories have been paid. With the consent of the taxpayer, the credit institution or establishment may, however, transfer these funds directly to the competent receiving office. § 2. In the case stated in Article 38, third paragraph, the credit institution or device with the data of the new certificate must only take into account to the extent that the funds have not yet been released before the expiry of the six -month specification in that provision. Chapter 6. - Sanctions department 1. - Loss of the upright representation art. 41. In the context of the procedure referred to in Article 80 of the Codex, the proxy can be assisted by a lawyer. Process report of the interrogation, as intended in Article 80, second paragraph of the Codex, is drawn up. After reading, the official report is signed by the competent agent and the proxy. Their signature is preceded by the handwritten mention: "read and approved". If the interested party refuses to sign, then the report will be made in the official report with precisation of the reasons for refusal. Acertained copy of the official report will be notified to the proceedings within the eight days of this date. Department 2.- Administrative sanctions. 42. The person considers an administrative fine imposed in the application of Title 2, Chapter 6, Section 2 of Decodex can transfer his comments in writing in accordance with the procedure of the preliminary ruling in Article 101 of the Codex.in the framework of the preliminary ruling can appeal , if the person wishes, where appropriate, to assist via his representative or with the help of the chosen person sum, to be heard to be heard. Within 30 days from the receipt of the occupation by the regional tax administration, he will provide the offender the date and location of the requested hearing. Title 3. - Cooperation between the region and the municipal chapter1. - Municipal surcharges on the regional tax art. 43. § 1. The college mayor and aldermen of the municipality who wishes to take over the service of the municipal surcharges by the region must inform the director-general of the regional tax administration of before 30 June of the year preceding to The relevant tax year for which the municipality wants the service to be taken over. This notification is made by registered letter. Declaration referred to in the first paragraph contains: 1 ° a copy of the decision of the municipal councils as referred to in Article 107, § 2, first paragraph, 4 °, of the Codex; 2 ° a file that The regional tax administration to conduct an initial investigation to ensure that the conditions will be specified in Article 107, § 2 of the Codex at the moment of Inkhiering. § 2. After receiving the notification referred to in paragraph 1, Regional Fiscal Administration invites the municipality concerned to inform him about the modalities of the takeover of the service of the municipal surcharges. If the municipality does the application, this information can also be done are done by sending explanatory documents to the municipality.art. 44In the event of the takeover of the service by the regional tax administration, the municipality makes every effort to facilitate the acquisition of the service by the regional tax administration. When a dispute with regard to determination, the collection or collection of the municipal Returns for a judicial authority are brought, the regional tax administration informs the municipality of this. The regional tax administration to the municipality a copy of all speeches of the judicial authorities about.art.45. § 1. If the city council withdraws one of its regulations referred to in Article 107, § 2, first -line member, 3 °, of the codex, or, in general, in the event of the assumption by the municipality of each act that may have an influence on The service of the municipal surcharges, then the municipality must immediately communicate this to the regional tax administration. § 2. The aforementioned distribution is followed by the notification, by registered letter, addressed to the director-general of the regional tax administration, of the decision to withdraw or of the deed referred to in the first paragraph. The municipality is charged with this notification. This notification must be made within 10 working days from the day on which the decision to withdrawal or deed was adopted in the first paragraph.Art. 46. ​​The Kohieren of the municipal surcharge the regional taxes referred to in Article 107 of the Codex are determined in accordance with the modalities determined by the director-general of the regional tax administration. be declared implementable; The tax rates related to the respective assessment years apply. Chapter2. - the acquisition of the service of the municipal tax art. 47. § 1. In accordance with article 109, § 1 of the Codex, the municipality shall inform the regional tax administration in knowledge of the decision of the municipal council to start the negotiation procedure for the agreement protocol. This notification is made by registered letter addressed to the director- General of the Regional Phiscal Administration. This notification contains a copy of the decision of the municipal council to start the negotiation procedure and, where appropriate, a copy of the municipal regulations that the tax has set for which the takeover of the service is proposed. Done no later than 30 June of the year before the relevant tax year from when the service of the municipal tax will be insured by the regional tax administration, the postmark is the date. § 2. The agreement protocol will be concluded at the latest the last day of the fourth month preceded at the start of the taxable period from WANNOD DERVAND will be insured by the regional tax administration. The agreement protocol will be signed with regard to the municipality , by the competent body on the basis of the New Municipalities Act of 24 June 1988 and, with regard to the regional tax administration, by the minister and by the director-general of the regional tax administration. §3. Once the agreement protocol was concluded in accordance with the modalities referred to in paragraph 2, the municipality informs the regional tax administration of its decision to transfer the service, of the municipal tax in the agreement protocol, to the regional tax administration. This notification is made by registered letter addressed to the director-general of the regional tax administration. This notification contains a copy of the decision of the city council to bear the service of the municipal tax to the regional tax administration, as well as a copy of the municipal regulations which determines the municipal tax for the takeover of the aforementioned service. This notification is made to the start of the taxable era from WHEN SERVICE of the municipal tax, which is preceded by the regional tax administration, The postmark is the date. § 4. The decision of the minister to end an end to the takeover of the service of a municipal tax referred to in Article 109, § 4 of the Codex, is given to the registered letter addressed to the municipality concerned. The decision of the municipal council to to put an end to the acquisition of the service of a municipal tax referred to in Article 109, § 5, first paragraph of the Codex, is notified by the municipalityThis decision is given to the statement of letter addressed to the Ministerial and also to the director-general of the Regional Fiscal Administration.art. 48. §1. If the city council withdraws one of its regulations, referred to in Article 47, § 3, second paragraph, and §4, second paragraph, and, in general, in the event of assumption by the municipality of each act that can have an influence on the service of the municipal tax by the regional tax administration, then the municipality must immediately communicate this to the regional tax administration.§ 2. The aforementioned notification is followed by the notification by the municipality by registered writing to the director-general of the Regional Fiscal Administration, of the decision to withdraw or of the deed as referred to in the first paragraph. This notification should be made within 10 working days from the day on which the decision to withdrawal or the actions as referred to in the first paragraph were adopted. Chapter 3. - The acquisition of the service of the municipal premium art. 49. § 1. In accordance with Article 115, § 1 of the Codex, the Municipality informs the regional tax administration of the decision of dismissal council to start the negotiation procedure for an agreement protocol. This notification is made by registered letter addressed to the director-general of the regional tax administration. This notification contains a copy of the decision of the city council to start the negotiation procedure and, where appropriate, a copy of the municipal regulations that has set the premium For which the takeover of the service was proposed by the regional Phiscal Administration. This notification is made no later than 30 June of the year before the year in question when the service of the municipal premium will be insured by the regional tax administration, the postmark is the date. § 2. The agreement protocol is signed, with regard to the municipality, by the competent body on the basis of the new Municipalities Act of 24 June 1988 and, with regard to the regional tax administration, by the minister and the director-general. § 3. Once the agreement protocol was concluded in accordance with the modalities referred to in paragraph 2, the municipality brings the regional tax administration knowledge of its decision to transfer the service of the municipal premium referred to in the agreement protocol to the regional tax administration. This notification is made by registered writing to the director-general of the Regional Fiscal Administration. This is a copy of the decision of the municipal council to transfer the service of the municipal premium to the regional tax administration, as well as a copy of the municipal regulations that The municipal premium determines for which the takeover of the aforementioned service is intended.§ 4. The Minister's decision to put an end to the acquisition of the service of a municipal premium as referred to in Article 115, § 4, first paragraph of the Codex , is notified by registered letter addressed to the municipality concerned. The decision of the municipal council to put an end to the acquisition of the service of a municipal premium as referred to in Article115, § 5, first paragraph of the Codex, is notified by the municipality. This decision is informed by registered letter addressed to the minister as well as the director-general of the regional fiscal administration.art. 50. § 1. If the city council withdraws one of its regulations, referred to in Article 49, § 3, second paragraph, or, in general, in the event of the assumption by the municipality of each act that may have an influence on the service of the Municipal premium by the regional tax administration, then the municipality must immediately share this to the regional tax administration. § 2. The aforementioned notification is followed by the notification, by registered letter addressed by the municipality to the Director-General of the Regional Fiscal Administration, of the decision to withdraw or of the deed referred to in the first paragraph. This notification must be made within the 10 working days from the day on which the decision to withdraw or the deed as referred to in the first paragraph were adopted. Chapter4. - the forced collection of amounts owed to the municipal art. 51. in accordance with article 118, § 1, fourth paragraph of the Codex, the amounts that owe to the municipalities may be collected in accordance with the provisions of Title 2, Chapter 4 of this Decree, as well as VanTitel 2, Chapter 4 of the Codex and of Section 3 of chapter 5 of Title 2 of the Codex.art.52. § 1In accordance with Article 118, § 2, second paragraph of the Codex, the municipality of Degewestelijke Tax Administration shall inform the decision of the municipal council to start the negotiation procedure for the agreement protocol. This notification is made by registered letter aimed at the director-general of the regional tax administration. This notification contains a copy of the decision of the municipal council to start the negotiation procedure.§ 2. The agreement procotol is signed with regard to the municipality, by The competent organ on the ground of the new Municipalities Act of 24 June 1988 and, with regard to the regional tax administration, by the minister and by the director-general of the regional tax administration. §3. Once the chord protocol was concluded in accordance with the modalities referred to in paragraph 2, the municipality informs the regional tax administration of its decision to entrust the forced input of the amounts owed to the municipality to the regional deficiency administration. This notification is made by registered letter addressed to the Director-General of the Regional Fiscal Administration. This notification contains a copy of the decision of the city council to trust the amounts owed to the municipality of the regional tax administration. § 4. The Minister's decision to put an end to the takeover of the forced collection of the amounts are destroyed to the municipality, as referred to in Article 118, § 5, first paragraph of the codex, is notified by registered letter addressed to the municipal council of the municipality concerned. Decision of the city council to put an end to the takeover, by the regional tax administration, of the forced collection of the amounts owed to the municipality as intended in Article 118, § 6, first paragraph of the Codex, is given to the knowledge of the municipality. This decision is given to the Minister and also the director -general of the Regional Fiscal Administration.titel. Between Member States on Collection Art.53. § 1. No administrative fine can be imposed by the application of Article 119, §3 of the codex when the person concerned does not participate in his silence and not participate in self -procrimination, as derived from Article 6 of the Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Defundamental freedoms, signed on November 4, 1950, in Rome. § 2. The scale of administrative fines is determined as follows:- 1st infringement: 10,000 euros; -2th Introduction: 25,000 euros;- Next infringements: 50,000 euros in deviation from the first-member, if the offender proves that the infringement of manifest Writing is faithfulness or the intention of avoiding the tax or the obstructing of his collection, the fine is determined the following scale:- 1st infringement: 125 euros;- 2nd infringement: 1,000 euros; following infringements: 1,500 euros. Deviation from the first and second paragraph, if the offender provides that the infringement is the result of circumstances independent of his will, the fine is canceled.§ 3. There is a second infringement or subsequent infringement such as, at the time a new infringement committed by an offender, the offender was informed of the administrative fine of the foregoing infringement. For the application of the first paragraph, it is deemed to be refutable Wi JZE, that the offender has taken note of an administrative fine, the Seventh Day that follows on the date of the decision of the decision, as evidenced by the letter of notification of the decision to impose the administrative fine. § 4. The decision in which the aforementioned fine is imposed will be sent by registered letter to the offender. The decision states the name and account number of the region on which the payment must be made. Chapter 2. - Electronic Managementart. 54. The addressee of the documents from the Regional Fiscal Administration can choose to receive these documents exclusively a platform designated by the regional tax administration. This choice must be supplied via the platform indicated by the regional tax administration. This statement cancel or can request for the use of new contact details. This withdrawal or this question is, however, only opposable to the regional tax administration panaf The thirty-one day that follows on the date of the receipt of the regional fiscal administration.art. 55The electronic file management referred to in Article 121 of the Codex via the computer science applications implemented with the Regional Fiscal Administration. The security of the registration, retention, reuse and sending of personal data obtained by the regional tax administration is done in accordance with the 2016 Regulation/ 679/EUvan the European Parliament and the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons related to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of that data entot withdrawal of Directive 95/46/EG.Art. 56. The Regional Fiscal Administration may, in accordance with article 122 of the Codex, sign documents electronically using the E-ID, or similar applications of the person signing the document. The Regional Fiscal Administration Job offers the taxpayer the option of signing documents with a electronic signature. This signature is made by way of e-ID, or similar applications of the procedures for the aforementioned electronic signatures, will be built in the computer science applications referred to in the previous article. The electronic signature must not be certified to be valid in the context of functioning of the Regional Phisal Administration, unless the electronic signature contains serious instructions of identity theft or falsification.art. 57. If an item of this Decree provides for the shipment by registered translations, the minister may in the possibility of shipment by electronically registered shipment provision. 58. In Articles6 and 7 of the Decree of the Brussels -Capital Government of 22 February 2018, the implementation of the ordinance of 23 November 2017 containing legislative adjustments with a view to the acquisition of the Real Estimation Service by the Brussels -Capital Region are the words " Three -nine days "replaced by the words" 186 days ".Art. 59. This Decree has elaboration from 1 January 2019. In deviation from the first paragraph, have Article 37, Chapter 4 of Title2 and Chapter 6 of Title 2 and the Title 4 elaboration with effect from 19 March 2019. In Deviation from the previous paragraphs Article 10 enters into force on the day of the announcement in the Belgian Official Gazette of this decision.brussel, 24 June 2021. For the Brussels-Capital Government: the Prime Minister, r. Vervoortde Minister of Finance, S.GatzPublication: 2021-07-01NUMAC: 2021042537Federal Public Service Finance29 June 2021.-Royal Decree amending the Royal Decree Nos. 1, 4, 7, 10, 22, 24, 31, 41, 44 and 56 with regard to the tax on the tax the added value report on the Koningsire, this draft Royal Decree changes:- the Royal Decree No. 1 of 29 December 1992 with regard to the regulation for the payment of the taxver the added value (hereinafter: "Royal Decree no. 1"); - the Royal Decree no. 4 of December 29, 1969 with regard to the refunds on the added value (hereinafter: "Royal Decree No 4");- Royal Decree No 7 of 29 December 1992 with regard to the import of goods for the application of the application of the application of the application of the value of the added value (hereinafter: "Royal Decree No 7");- Royal Decree No 10 of 29 December 1992 with regard to the exercise modalities of the choices referred to in Articles 15, § 2, third paragraph, 21bis, § 2, 9 °, fourth paragraph, 25ter, § 1, second paragraph, 2 °, second paragraphs and 44, § 3, 2 °, d), of the tax of the added value, the declarations of commencement, change, cessation of activity and the prior notifications regarding the value added tax (hereinafter: "Royal Decree no. 10")- The Royal Decree no. 22 of 15 September1970 with regard to the special regulation on taxes on tax About the added value (hereinafter: "The Royal Decree No 22")- Royal Decree No 24 of 29 December1992 with regard to the payment of the value added tax (hereinafter: "The Royal Decree No. 24")- The Royal Decree No. 31 of 2 April 2002 with regard to the application modalities of the value added value with regard to the acts performed by taxpayers not in Belgium (hereinafter: "Royal Decree no. 31")- the Royal Decree no. 41 of 30 January 1987 establishing the amount of the proportional fiscal fines withdrawing item of the value added tax (hereinafter: "Royal Decree no. 41");-Royal Decree No 44 of 9 July 2012 adopted of the amount of the non-proportional fiscal fines on the stretch of the added value (hereinafter: "the Royal Decree no. 44");- Royal Decree No 56 of 9 December 2009 with regard to the recovery of tax on the added value to taxpayers established in another Member State Dan The Member State of refund (hereinafter: "Royal Decree No 56"). The changes Diedit Draft makes to the aforementioned Royal Decrees arise from the introduction in the Code of the added value of the added value (hereinafter "the Code") by the law of 2 April 2021 amending the Tax on the added value with regard to the regulation that applies on a distance sales of goods and on certain deliveries of goods and services (hereinafter: "The Act of 2 April 2021") (Belgian Official Gazette of 13 April 2021), of a fundamental reform of the rules with the regulation of distance purchases of goods and the Rules with regard to the simplification scheme for telecommunication services, radio and television broadcasting services or electronic services provided for non-taxpayers (known as the so-called "MOSS" or the "Mini One Stopshop" or still, the MINI one-counter regulation). This reform results from the conversion In Belgian rights of on the one hand part 2 of the Directive (EU) 2017/2455 of the Council of 5 December 2017 to amend Directive 2006/112/EC and Directive 2009/132/EC with regard to certain VAT obligations for services for the distance purchasing of goods (hereinafter : "The Directive 2017/2455") and on the other hand of the Directive (EU) 2019/1995 of the Council of 21 November 2019 amending Directive 2006/112 /EC with regard to the provisions of distance sales and certain domestic deliveries of goods (hereinafter: "the 2019/1995 directive"). The newly taken legal measures to comply with the aforementioned guidelines action on 1 July 2021, in accordance with the decision (EU (EU ) 2020/1109 of the Council of 20 July 2020 to amend guidelines (EU) 2017/2455 and (EU) 2019/1995 in terms of the data of conversion and application in response the COVID-19-Pandemie. These guidelines are supplemented with four other instruments of the European legal order that must and may not be set in their national legal order by the Member States, respectively because these standards are directly applicable or because they only create obligations between Member States, namely: 1) the Implementing Regulation (EU) 2017/2459 of the Council of the Council of the Council of the Council of the Council of the Council of the Council of the Council of the Council December 5, 2017 amending Implementation Regulation (EU) Nr282/2011 containing measures for the implementation of Directive 2006/112/EC on the common system of value on the added value (hereinafter: "the 2017/2459 Implementation Regulation"). This Implementing Regulation Presides in a simplification of the application of the suspicion of the location of the buyer to determine the location of telecommunications, broadcasters or electronic services for non-taxpayers, which is included in Article 24 of the Implementing Regulation ( EU) No 282/2011 of the Council of 15 March 2011 establishing measures for implementation of Directive 2006/112/EC on the common system of value of the added value; 2) the Implementing Regulation (EU) 2019/2026 of the Council of the Council of the Council of the Council of the Council of November 21, 2019 Change of Implementation Regulation (EU) No 282/2011 With regard to electronic interfaces, the provisions of goods or services and the special regulations for taxpayers for non-taxpayers, distance-purchasing of goods and certain domestic goods deliveries of goods (hereinafter: "The Implementing Regulation 2019 /202 6 "), as amended, with regard to the date of entry into force, by the Implementing Regulation (EU) 2020/1112 of the Council of 20 July 2020 amending the Outdoor Regulation (EU) 2019/2026 with regard to the application data in response to the COVID-19- pandemie.This Implementation Regulation includes a number of important precisions regarding the correct application of the rules included in part 2 of the 2017/2455 Directive and in the 2019/1995; 3 Directive) the Council Regulation (EU) 2017/2454 of 5 December 2017 amending Regulation (EU) No.904/2010 of the Council on the administrative cooperation and the fight against fraud in the field of the added value (hereinafter: "the 2017/2454 Implementation Regulation"), as amended, what The date of entry into force concerns, by the Regulation (EU) 2020/1108 of the Council of 20 July 2020 amending Regulation (EU) 2017/2454 with regard to the application data in response the COVID-13 Pandemie. This regulation is aimed at bringing more cooperation and coordination to stand between Member States in the control of companies with cross -border acts that use the special regulations for distance sales, to ensure that the rules are complied with as well as possible; 4) The Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2020/194 of the Commission of 12 February 2020 establishing further provisions for the application of Regulation (EU) No 904/2010 of the Council with regard to special regulations for taxpayers who are services for non-taxpayers, distance-purchasing of goods and certain domestic goods deliveries. This Implementing Regulation of the European Commission provides for the technical specification stations for the electronic exchange of information with regard to the new OSS system. The most important changes that were made to the VAT scheme can be summarized as follows: 1) the expansion of the scope area of the two-way simplification schemes ("EU scheme" and "non-EU scheme") within the Moss ("Mini Onestop Shop") which from now on globally the intra-Community distance purchases of goods and all services by Community Market participants ("EU scheme ") will include all services from outside the community (" non-EU scheme "); 2) of the existing thresholds for intra-Community distance purchases of goods, which were disrupted on the single market but the introduction of a global EU VAT threshold for Intromommunauta IREAGOLOPS OF goods and telecommunications, radio and television services or electronic services to private individuals (hereinafter "TBE services"); 3) The introduction of a completely new part-inside the MOSS system where the VAT is owed on the remote sale of goods descended countries whether third-country areas can be indicated and paid in a simplified manner ("input scheme"). Pursuant to the significant expansion of the scope of Moss, the system is now called OSS ("Onestop Shop"); 4) the abolition of the existing VAT exemption For the import Vancleine shipments up to 22 euros from suppliers in third countries, who disadvantaged EU sellersThis exemption is replaced by an input exemption to 150 euros that only applies the goods are introduced in the context of the distance sales of goods from third-party countries or third-country areas indicated within the new simplification scheme of theSS system; 5) the introduction of a additional simplifying scheme outside the OSS system for both the declaration and the payment of VAT that is due for the import of goods intended for the final consumer in the context of distance purchasing of goods entered from third countries or third-country areas, if the VAT was not paid via the import scheme within de Oss; 6) The introduction of a unit of the unit which electronic interfaces that facilitate remote sale are also liable for the correct payment of the VAT due on the distance sales that were realized Viahun Interface. The Act of 2 April 2021 that the 2017/245 Directive 5 and Derichtlijn 2019/1995 Turnover, must be supplemented with a series of changes to the aforementioned Royal Decree, to the extent that this reform has a direct impact on these Royal Decrees. In addition, some provisions of the Code, amended or inserted by the law of 2 April2021, in a series of delegations to the King with regard to the implementation of these provisions. Things to implement the provisions of the law of 2 April 2021 and included in this draft. of the Council of State in its advice No 69.432/2 of 21 June 2021, with the exception of Hetpunt 6 (see comments regarding Article 19 of the draft). of the Directive 2017/245 and on the other into the conversion of Directive 2019/195. The Member States originally had to take the necessary legal and administrative measures to comply with the aforementioned guidelines with effect from 1 January 2021. Pursuant to the Decree (EU) 2020/1109 of the Council of 20 July 2020, a change of guidelines (EU) 2017/2455 and (EU) 2019/1995 With regard to the data of conversion and application, however, that time was postponed until 1 July 2021.Tenslotte provides this royal decree, by the rules that it imports, in the partial conversion of Directive 2006/ 112/EC of the Council of 28 November 2006 on the common value of the added value (hereinafter "the 2006/112/EC Directive"). Article 2 article2 of the draft replaces paragraph 1 of Article 16, new, of the Royal Decree No. 1 account of the substantial changes made to Article 15 of the Code by the Act of 2 April 2021. Those changes are explained in detail in this report to the Konin g with regard to Articles 13 to 15 of the design, with regard to the modalities of the choice for the taxation over the intra-Community distance sales of goods and the TBE services in the Member State of Consumption, when the Community threshold of 10,000 euros in turnover for those actions was not exceeded.artikel16, § 1, of the Royal Decree No. 1 imposes a special obligation to the taxpayer "distance sales" (within the meaning of Article 15, §§ 1 and 2, of the Code, but not yet yet as defined as an independent legal concept), laid down under the threshold by the Member State of destination in accordance with Article 34, old, of the 2006/112/EC Directive (that amount, until 30 June 2021, set in Belgium at 35,000 euros under Article 15, § 1, second paragraph, 1 °, of the Code). The "distance sales" referred to within the meaning of Article 15, §§ 1 and2, of the Code were thus sent the deliveries of goods or transported by the supplier or for his account to another Member State for a taxpayer or a non-taxable liability person who is not there is obliged to pay the tax with regard to his intra-Community reductions of goods or for any other non-taxable person. That obligation means that the taxpayers concerned must at any time be able to be taxed with the tax on the taxation officials the added value, for the current calendar year the total amount to be determined of their deliveries of goods that are eligible for the calculation of the thresholds referred to in Article 15, § 1, second paragraph, 1 °, (for deliveries carried out Nabelgia) and § 2 , first paragraph, 2 °, of the Code (for deliveries made from Belgium to other Member State)That obligation only applies if those deliveries are actually taking place in the Member State of the start of the shipment or transport, which on the one hand implices that the aforementioned threshold was not exceeded in the current calendar year nor in the course of the preceding calendar year and on the other that the the taxpayer does not have to do so that deliveries are taxed in the Member State of arrival of the shipment or transport of Degoederen. In the extent that those deliveries of goods ("distance sales") were systematically made the objects of an invoice under the then prevailing rules, could be the turnover figure with regard to those acts performed during the course of the year are demonstrated on the basis of those invoices included a book for outgoing invoices in accordance with Article 14, § 2, first paragraph, 2 °, of the Royal Decree No. The changes in the FA made by the law of 2 April 2021 Cturing rules with regard to intra-Community distance sales of goods, such a invoice obligation no longer exists with regard to:- the intra-Community distance purchases of goods to another Member State or to Belgium for which the taxable threshold of 10,000 euros has exceeded or for which he has opted for taxation in the Member State of destination, when it uses the EU scheme (in that case the intra-Community distance sales of goods are deemed to take place in accordance with Article 15, § 1, 1 °, or § 2, first paragraph, new, of the Code, but there is none invoicing obligation in accordance with article 53, § 2, first paragraph, 2 °, new, of the Code);- the intra-Community distance-purchasing of goods from Belgium to another Member State to the extent to which the supplier in the running calendar year or in the course of the previous calendar year the threshold of 10,000 euros not hey EFTDRIJDREN and Nor has it opted for taxation in that Member State (in that case, the entry -headed distance sales of goods are deemed to take place in Belgium in accordance with Article14, § 2, first paragraph, of the Code, without any billing obligation in accordance with Article53, § 2, first paragraph , 2 °, new, of the Code, which explicitly refers to Article 15, §§ 1 and 2, of the Code). To follow the aforementioned threshold, retains Article 16, § 1, new, of the Royal Decree no. 1 The obligation for the taxpayers who carry out intra -Community distance sales of goods that are considered to take place in Belgium pursuant to Article 15, § 2, second paragraph, of the Code, to be able to at any time for the administration officials charged with the value added tax, for the current calendar year to determine the total amount of Hun IntraCommunautary distance sale of goods. This obligation is expanded to the TBE service are deemed to take place in Belgium as the aforementioned threshold of 10,000 euros to the turnover rate refers that will be realized for both types of actions. The second paragraph of that provision provides that the evidence is provided on the basis of a separate registration in the diary of receipts referred to in Article 14, § 2, first paragraph, 3 ° of the Royal Decree of receipts, with indication of the nature of the nature of the nature of the nature of the goods or services sold, the standard of levy, the tax due and the Member State of arrival of the shipment or transport of the goods or in which the recipient of the Service is established or has his place of residence or usual place of residence, except in the case of an invoice is issued (The invoice that is included in the book for exit invoices then forms sufficient evidence). Article 3rd Act of 2 April 2021 has replaced the Articles 58ter and 58Quater of the Code and has inserted a new Article 58quinquies. These provisions come into effect on 1 July 2021. article 58ter, new, of the special non-EU regulations of which The scope is being expanded. This regulation applies mainly services that are provided to non-taxable persons established in the community or have their place of residence or usual place of residence and are deemed to be placed in the Community on the basis of a status of Article 21bis of the Code, regardless of the starting point of the Location rule (for example the place where the immovable property on which the service relates is located). Article 58quater, new, of the Code, relates to the specialu scheme, the material and personal scope of application of which is expandedThis regulation applies to all services provided to non-taxable persons and that are deemed to take place on the basis of Article21bis of the Code in a Member State other than those where the Service Order established, regardless of the point of the location of the location rule. The scheme also also concerns other categories of actions (in this case intra-Community distance sales of goods and also determined domestic deliveries of goods), depending on the circumstances in which these actions are performed. The material scope of these two schemes will therefore not be limited to the strict category of TBE- services, whereby their material scope of application is adversely expanded. The personnel scope of Article 58quater of the Code is also extensive and aims at now:- taxpayers who have been affected in the community, for the declaration and payment of the VAT that is due on the services they perform for a non-taxable person on condition that those taxpayers are not established in Delidstaat where the VAT service service is deemed to take place-taxpayer are not established in the community for the declaration and payment of the VAT that far is guilty of the intra-Community distance sales of goods they perform- facilitating electronic interfaces within the meaning of Article 13bis, new, of the Code, whether they have been taken in the Community or not, for the declaration and payment of the VAT that owes to intra -Community distance sales of goods and on deliveries of goods where the place of departure and arrival of the shipment or transport is located in the same Member State (domestic deliveries). All the special regulation is introducing Article 58quinquies of the Code for the declaration and payment of the owed VAT on distance purchases of imported from third -country areas or third countries, in shipments with an intrinsic value of no more than 150 euros (import scheme). UpperThe amount, these goods will be taxed on both customs duties and on VAT according to the Doring rules. This option has suppliers selling goods to customers in a disgust whose departure of shipping or transport takes place on the territory of third -country areas or third countries, the owed VAT on the distance sales of these goods entered within the entire territory of the community and to comply with a simplified regulation that is devastated to the aforementioned articles 58ter and 58quater (one-counter system). Milk of these regulations provides similar rules with regard to the declaration and payment obligations for the VAT due on the acts for which the taxpayer uses these regulations. The obligations regarding the declaration and payment of the VAT must be fulfilled by the taxpayer in the context of these regulations for Kwar Language base With regard to the first two regulations, in accordance with Articles 58ter, § 6, and 58Quater, § 6, of the Code, and on a monthly basis for the import regulation in accordance with Article 58quinquies, § 6, of the Code. The taxpayer that declaration, drawn up in euro in, intended by each regulation at the latest before the end of the month following the expiry of the tax period and the VAT with regard to the relevant declaration, at the latest, complies with the period within which the tax return must be submitted In controlling in Articles 58ter, § 9, 58Quater, § 9 and 58quinquies, § 9 of the Code Provision to the King, changes Article 3 of this draft Article 18, § 7, Primary member, of the Royal Decree No 1, OM to record the formalities that must be taken into account with regard to the declaration of the actions performed in the context of these regulations. These declarations must also be tabled if no act was carried out in the tax period. , are listed in articles 58ter, § 6, second member, 58quater, § 6, second to seventh paragraphs, and 58quinquies, § 6, second paragraph, of the Code. Changes that must be made after the submission of that declaration are included in a later declaration three years after the date on which the original declaration was submitted. In that later declaration, the Member State of consumption, the tax period and the amount of the tax due for which changes are required is stated. , via the Intervat portalArticle 4Ariert4 of this draft replaces Article 26bis of the Royal Decree No 1 to lay the accounting obligations arising from Articles 58ter, § 7 and 58quater, § 7, of the Code (Article 26bis, § 1, new), replaced By the law of 2 April 2021, and Articles 58quinquies, § 7 (Article 26bis, § 2, new) and 58sexies, § 4, of the Code (Article 26bis, § 3, new), inserted by the same law. Article 26bis , § 1, new, of the Royal Decree No. 1 therefore relates to the accounting that must be held for VAT purposes by taxpayers who use the special regulations referred to in Articles 58quater of the Code, excluding the in article 54Ter of the Tax Definitors referred to. The obligation to conduct such an accounting is provided for Articles58ter, § 7, and 58Quater, § 7, of the Code. This accounting gene conducted in the form of a register of actions that fall under these special schemes. That register must be sufficiently detailed to enable the tax administration of consumption of the accuracy of the VAT declaration referred to in Articles 58ter, § 6 and 58Quater, § 6, of the VAT declaration. Taking mentions concerns Article 63 Quater, paragraph 1, new, of the Implementing Regulation (EU) Nr. 282/2011 of the Council of 15 March 2011 establishing measures to implement Directive2006/112/EC on the common value of the added value (hereinafter "the Implementing Regulation 282/2011") a suspicion that the register is sufficient It is considered detailed when, according to the aforementioned hypothesis, the following information contains:- the Member State of consumption where the goods are delivered or the services are performed- the descriptions the quantity of the goods delivered or the type of services provided;- the date of supply of the goods or the date on which the service was performed;- the measure of levy with mention of the currency used as well as later increases or reductions of that measure of tax;- the VAT rate applied and the VAT amount due, stating the used used currency;- the date and amount of the payments received and any reception in advance before the delivery of the goods or the provision of service;- when an invoice is issued, the data stated on the invoice;- with regard to goods, the data to determine the place where the shipment or transport of the goods to the Customer Begint and ends and with regard to services, the data to determine the place where the customer is or has his place of residence or usual place of residence- with regard to goods, any proof of any refund of the goods, including the benchmark of taxes the applied VAT rate. Due to the direct effect of Article 63 Quater, paragraph 1, New, of the Implementing Regulation 282/2011 in Belgian law, no further mention or additional information is required, although the taxpayer can of course record such information in his own initiative in registers . The information stated above is considered to be sufficient on the basis of this provision to be able to control the administrations of the Member States of consumption correctly applying the intended special regulations. Article 26bis, §2, new, of the Royal Decree Nr 1 concerns the accounting that must be conducted by the taxpayer using the special regulation referred to in Article 58quinquies of the Code, excluding the taxpayers referred to in Article 54ter of the Code. The obligation to conduct such a book attitude is provided for in Article 58quinquies, § 7 of the Code. This accounting is by the taxpayer or by the intermediary within the meaning of Article 58quinquies, §1, second paragraph, 2 °, of the Code for each of each of the taxpayers represented by him performed the form of a register of acts in the context of this special regulation that is sufficient detailed to enable the tax administration of the Member State of consumption the accuracy of the VAT return referred to in Article 58quinquies, § 6, of the CodeWHODDE In this register concerns, Article 63 of the Quater, paragraph 2, of the Implementing Regulation282/2011 suggests that the Register is considered sufficiently detailed when the following information contains the following information:- The Member State of consumption where the goods are delivered;- the description and quantity of the delivered goods;- dated date of delivery of the goods;- the measure of levy stating the user mint unit;- later increases or reductions of the taxable tax;---- Heated VAT rate;- the VAT amount due stating the currency used; -the date and the amount of the payments received;- when an invoice is issued, the data stated on the invoice- the data to the place determine where the shipment or the transport of the goods to the customer starts and ends;- proof of the possible recovery of the goods, including the measure of levying and the applied VAT rate;-the order number or the unique transaction number;-the unique mission number when the taxable right is involved in the delivery. Through the direct operation of Article 63 Quater, second paragraph, of the Implementing Regulation 282/2011 in Belgian law, is not an additional mention of information required, even if the taxpayer can of course include additional information in his ownership. On the basis of this provision, the above -mentioned data is considered to be sufficient to enable the administrations of the Member States of consumption to check correctly applying the intended special regulations. The data in this attendance attitude must be at the request of the officials of the administration taxed with the tax on the authorized value as well as that of the competent administration of the Member State of Consumption along electronic road are made available. Moreover, they must be kept for ten years from the relocation of the year in which the service is granted (Article 58ter, § 7, second and third member, Article 58quater, § 7, second and third paragraph, and Article 58quinquies, § 7, second end paragraph , of the Code). article 26bis, § 3, new, of the Royal Decree no.1 Finally, the accounting that must be conducted by the persons who use the special scheme referred to in Article 58sexies of the Code. It concerns the persons who apply the goods to the general administration of customs and excise duties in Belgium for the account of the person for the goods are intended. A register of actions that include this special arrangement. This register must be sufficiently detailed to enable the tax administration or the administration of the Member State of imports to check the accuracy of demanding declaration referred to in Article 58sexies, § 3, first paragraph, of the Code. contains the Implementing Regulation 282/2011 in this case no suspicion that is sufficient to be able to assume that the accounting obligations with regard to these transactions have been met. Article 26bis, § 3, new, thus provides for a series of Royal Decree No 1 Mandatory statements that must enable the relevant administrations to check the accuracy of the aforementioned monthly declaration and the life of the application conditions of the simplification scheme referred to in Article 58sexies of the Code. It is therefore stipulated that the person who applies the goods to the general administration of the customs and excise duties for the person for whom the goods are intended, in the report register for each transaction states the following information: 1 ° a sequence number; 2 ° the date of entry or the period in which the input took place; 3 ° the name and address of the addressee of the goods entered; 4 ° the description of the imported goods; 5 ° the statement of the applicable rate, of the standard of levy and the amount of the amount due tax for each good in the shipment; 6 ° if appropriate, the mention of the applicable provision of the directive or the corresponding national provision, or another mention that the delivery of goods or the provision of service is exempt; 7 ° the intrinsic value of the shipment in which the entered goods are located; 8 ° in an occurrence, the date on which the customs declaration was canceled and the berry of the goods that were recorded in the canceled declarationThe last mention relates to the case where goods are indicated by the declarant at Customs before the time at which the declarant debelasting int lords to be due to the tax due to the entry of imports. If the goods are refused by the final buyer and he does not pay the tax on import to the declarant under this regulation debted, the declarant must have the customs declaration in the event of the entered but invalidated goods by the end customer. It is therefore necessary, with a view to the follow -up of the goods and the correct application of the tax, that it states the date on which the cancellation of the Customs declaration has been carried out, as well as the real destination of the goods to which this canceled customs declaration relates (eg re -exporting or destruction of the goods). It is also a question that this register must be made available to the administration electronically on request with The tax about the added value. On the other hand, the current design does not specify how long -this register must be stored. Since neither in Directive 2006/112/EC, nor in Article 58sexies, new, a specific period of the Code has been established, the retention period of seven -year provided for Article 60, § 4, of the Code, applies. Point 34 of Advice no. 104/2020 of the Data Protection Authority of 19 October 2020 on the preliminary draft law amending the Tax of the Tax Available in the added value with regard to the regulation that applies to the distance purchasing of goods and services , in which it is proposed to explicitly provide for one -comparable retention period, it is therefore not followed. Article 5 article5 of the draft adds an Article 26ter in the Royal Decree No. 1 in the execution of Article 54ter, fourth paragraph, of the Code, obliges this provision each taxpayer referred to in this article 54ter of the Code (excluding the VAT units within the meaning of Article 4, §2, of the Code) that through the use of an electronic interface such as a Marktplaats, Platform, Portal or similar tool, the delivery of goods or the provision of services to a non-taxable binding the Community Facilitee RT, to keep an accounting in the form of registers in which he records die -handles. article 54 Quater, paragraph 1, new, of the Implementing Regulation 282/2011beplets that the taxpayer referred to in Article 242 bis of Directive 2006/112/EC (the electronic interface that the delivery of goods or the provision of services to a non-taxable debinnen facilitates the Community), as any taxpayer who performs deliveries of goods or services, carries the following accounting with regard to deliveries when he is supposed to have received and delivered the goods itself in accordance with Article 14 bis of Directive 2006/112/EGOF If a service performed by his intervention is performed by his intervention, assuming it is assumed in its own name in accordance with Article 9 bis of this Implementing Regulation282/2011:- The in Article 63 of the Implementation Regulation 282 /2011 registers, if the tax obliged to use it to apply one of the special regulations of Title XII, Chapter6, of Directive 2006/112/EC of the OSS system (it concerns the registers referred to in Article26bis, new, of Royal Decree No 1); - the registers in Article 242 of Directive 2006/112/Egbevriedde, if the taxpayer has not chosen to apply one of the special regulations of in Title XII, Chapter 6, of Directive 2006/112/EC. Article 26ter, §1 , New, of the Royal Decree No. 1 relates to the accounting that is conducted for VAT purposes by the taxpayer referred to in Article 54ter of the Code who chooses one of the special regulations of the OSS system (referred to in the articles 58TER to 58quinquies of the Code) to apply. It concerns the registers referred to in Article 26bis, new, of the Royal Decree no. 1. The data that must be included in it are referred to in Article63 Quater van D e Implementation Regulation 282/2011, for which Mutatis Mutandis is referred to the explanation of Article 26bis, §§ 1 and 2, new, of the Royal Decree no. 1.artikel26ter, § 2, new, of the Royal Decree no. 1 concerns accounting that are fed for VAT purposes by the taxpayer referred to in Article 54ter of the Code who does not choose to make use of one of the special regulations of the OSS systemThis is a single -booking that is sufficiently detailed to make the application of the VAT and its control possible by the tax administration. This accounting is determined by the Member States in accordance with Article 242 of Directive 2006/112/EG. With the view of the coherence and the uniformity, Article 26ter, § 2, of the Royal Decree No 1 stipulates that the in Article 54ter of the Code provides intended taxpayer who chooses not to make use of one of the special regulations of HetSSS system, will also be obliged to include the registers of the same data referred to in Article 54ter of the Code if he should use one From the simplification schemes referred to in the articles 58ter to 58quinquies of the Code. It concerns the data referred to in article 63 of the implementation regulation 282/2011, for which, as a result, reference is also referred to the explanation of Article 26bis, §§ 1 and 2, new, of the Royal Decree no. 1. In this case it concerns the data that is explicitly included in Article 26ter, § 2, New, of the Royal Decree No. 1, since Article 63 of the Vande Implementation Regulation 282/2011 in this specific case does not apply directly in the Belgic Law, but this obligation inspires. He uses one vandeze schemes, the electronic interface that facilitates the aforementioned actions, after all, for VAT purposes is considered as supplier or service provider, in accordance with article 13bis of the Code for the deliveries referred to, and in accordance with Article 9 bis of the Implementing Regulation282 /2011 for the services referred to, and, therefore, in general as fine Ire debtor of the VAT due to these acts. The simplification scheme is only a modality for the declaration and payment of the VAT that owes these actions. Nothing therefore indicates that the accounting obligations of the electronic interfaces at this specific point are different for the correct application of the tax that owes the actions for which they are supposed to have received and delivered the goods themselves, or when they intervene in the performance of a Service electronically where they are supposed to act in their own name. Article54 Quater, paragraph 2, of the Implementing Regulation 282/2011 sums up the data that keep the taxpayable caret in the registers referred to in Article 242 bis of Directive 2006/112/EC, converted to Article54ter, new, of the Code with regard to the other actions Then that referred to in paragraph 1 of that provision (and referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2 of Article 26ter, new, of the Royal Decree No 1). article 26ter, § 3, New, of the Royal Decree No. 1 therefore relates The accounting that for VAT purposes must be conducted by the tax liable for other acts referred to in Article 54ter of the Code as referred to in Article 26ter, §§ 1 and 2, new, of the Royal Decree no. 1. This includes the Deliveries for which he is not deemed to have received and delivered them in accordance with Article 13bis of the Code or when he intervenes when performing a service in an electronic way where he does not assume D will be acted in its own name in accordance with Article 9 bis of the Implementing Regulation 282/2011. The data to be taken in the Registerop is the following, in accordance with Article 54 Quater, paragraph 2, new, of the Implementing Regulation282/2011:- The name, postal address and electronic address or website of the supplier whose actions are facilitated via the use of the electronic interface and, if available, the VAT identification number or national tax number of the supplier and the bank account number or the virtual account number of the supplier; - a description of the goods, its value, the place where Denszending or the transport of the goods ends, as well as the time of delivery and, if available, the order number or the unique transaction number;- a description of the services, the valuefan , Information for determining the location and time of the service and, if available, the order number or the unique transaction number. Keep track of these registers, the administration do must enable Member States where these actions take place, to check whether the VAT Correct istoegpast by the taxpayers who, through this electronic interface, actions within the community merits. With regard to VAT units, Article 26ter, § 4, New, of the Kononinklijke Decree no. 1 that this obligation only applies to the members of these VAT units, for the acts concerning themPursuant to Article 26ter, § 5, New, of the Royal Decree No. 1, these registers, on request, are exclusively communicated electronically to tax administration of the Member States where the actions take place. Articles 6 and 7 article6, 1 °, of the draft replaced Article 9, § 2, of the Royal Decree no. 4, which is now not discussed by the application for a refund if it relates to an amount of less than 50 euros. This amount of 50 euros (instead of 25 euros previously) is tailored to the regulations applies to applications for a refund submitted on the basis of Directive 2008/9/EC and the Royal Decree No 56 with regard to taxpayers who are not in Belgium established in another Member State (Article 11, § 2, second paragraph, of the Royal Decree No 56). In Article 3 (2) of Directive 86/560/EEC, the following is determined: "The refund may not be granted under favorer conditions than those that apply to taxpayers from the community". Vandeze change is made to change the name of the service of the administration for this refund charged with the value added tax, in particular the SME center specific materials that replace the former central office for foreign taxpayers.ikel6, 2 °, also brings an adjustment of the design of a legist nature in Article 9 of Royal Decree No. 4, by the deletion of paragraph 3 of that provision regarding the refund of the VAT rule of taxpayers who use the special regulation referred to in Article 58tervan the Code. After all, this provision is included in Article 9bis, new, of the Royal Decree no. 4, inserted with Article 7 of this draft. This new provision regulates the modalities for the refund of the input tax to taxpayers other than those obliged to submit the declaration bed in Article 53, § 1, first paragraph, 2 °, of the Code, and those use of the special arrangements referred to in the articles 58Ter to 58quinquies of the Code. The Analogie Methet provisions in Article 9 of the Royal Decree No. 4, Article 9bis, new, of that decision, stated to any taxpayer than a taxable person obliged to submit the in article 53, § 1, first paragraph, 2 °, of the Code, and which uses one of the special regulations referred to in Articles 58ter to 58quinquies of the Code (regardless of he has opted for the application of these special arrangements as a Member State of identification) , to deduct the tax that was levied from the goods delivered to him and which relate h on his acts that fall under that special regulation. The taxable person may indeed deduct the tax of the goods delivered to him and that operating services do not deduct the declaration referred to in Articles 58ter, § 6, 58Quater, §6, and 58quinquies, § 6, of the Code. Pursuant to Articles 58ter, § 8, first paragraph, 58quater, § 8, first paragraph, and 58quinquies, § 8, first paragraph, of the Code, he can only exercise his right to deduct by way of refund on the basis of Article 76, §2, of the Code. Article 9bis, new, of the Royal Decree No. 4, specifies the modalities of this refund, in accordance with Article 76, § 2, second paragraph, of the Code. A distinction is made depending on the entitled party in Belgium, or not in Belgium But in another Member State is established, or is not established in the Community. In the first case, Article 9bis, § 2, first paragraph, of the Royal Decree No.4 stipulates that the taxpayer must submit an application for a refund to the competent Administration DIE service is taxed with the tax on added value under which he falls. The application must be submitted to this service before the expiry of the third calendar year following the year in which the cause of the refund was created. In the second case, Article9bis, § 2, second paragraph, new, of the Royal Decree No. 4 stipulates that the refund referred to in Article 76, §2, of the Code is done in accordance with the procedure and modalities of the Royal Decree No.56 of 9 December 2009 with regard to the refund on the added value of taxpayers established in a Member State other than the Member State of refund that forms the reputation in the Belgian law of Directive 2008/9/EC of 12 February 2008 establishing further regulations for the refund of the tax added value laid down in Directive 2006/112/EC to taxpayers who are not established in the Member State of refund but in a different member state (hereinafter: "The 2008/9/EC Directive). In the third case provides Article9bis, § 2, third paragraph, new, of Royal Decree No. 4 that the taxpayer must submit an application to the SME center specific matters. The application must be submitted in three copies at this service no later than 30 September of the calendar year follows the period of which the refund request relates. This provision states that no consequence will be taken Just a request for a refund for an amount of less than 50 euros. Contrary to Article9, § 2, of the Royal Decree No. 4, the fact that a taxpayer not established in Belgium (regardless of whether or not he is established in the community) is made taxable acts for which he uses in the present case one of the regulations provided for in Articles 58ter to 58quinquies of the Code, not from the right to recover the tax on the goods and services provided to him and that relate to his acts of action under that special schemes fall. This follows directly from Articles 368, first paragraph, Article 369 Undecies, First paragraph, and Article 369 Quater, First paragraph, of Directive 2006/112/EG. Wearing taxpayer, on the other hand, carries out activities that are not under these special regulations and for which he held can be identified in Belgium for VAT purposes, recoverage does not recover the aforementioned VAT by means of an application for a refund, but he deducts that VAT in the periodic declaration that it is in accordance with Article 53, § 1, first paragraph, 2 °, of Submit the Code. This is particularly preached in Articles 58ter, § 8, second paragraph, 58Quater, § 8, second paragraph, and 58quinquies, § 8, second paragraph, of the Code. Article 9bis, § 3, new, of Royal Decree Nr. 4 Finally, stipulates that the form of the applications for a refund, the documents to be transferred and the modalities of the refunds are determined by the Minister of Finance or his representative. Since it concerns merely practical modalities that do not impact on the right to refund, it is effectively foreseen that the administration that determines direct cans, as indicated by the Act of the Council of State in point 4.1. of his advanced advice No 69.432/2. article 8 article 8 of this draft supplements paragraph 1 of Article 5 of the Royal Decree No 7 with a reference to the special regulation for the declaration and payment of VAT referred to in Article 58sexies of the Code referred to in Article 58sexies of the Code who is due at the import in Belgium (as a Member State of destination) of goods other than excise products, submissions with an intrinsic value of no more than 150 euros, if no use is made of the special regulation referred to in Chapter IX, Section 4 (Article 58quinquies) , of the Code, inserted by the law of 2 April 2021.This amendment to Article 5, § 1, of the Royal Decree no. 7 makes it possible to allow a deferment between the time of submission of the declaration of goods in the context of this special regulation and the actual payment of Debij import due, which in accordance with Article 58sexies, § 3, second paragraph, of the Code Book , takes place at the latest on the sixteenth day of the month following the month on which the first paragraph relates to the same provision referred to in the first paragraph. Article 9 article9, on the one hand, brings a few terminological changes and fills Article 6, § 2, of the Royal Decree Nr. 7 to a third paragraph to indicate the persons who, in accordance with demolition by Article 201 of Directive 2006/112/EC (that stipulates that the VAT is imported by the person (s) who imported the Member State of input as the to pay or recognized the tax maintained or recognized), the VAT when entering goods other than accijnspro Due to things to pay (addressees of the goods in the meaning of Article 6, §1, of the Royal Decree no. 7) in shipments with an intrinsic value of no more than150 euros, carried out for a remote sale From from third -country areas or third landing goodsThe fact that the import is made for a remote sale from third -country areas or third countries introduced implies that the conditions of Article1, § 20, of the Code are met for the application of Article 6, § 2, third paragraph, new , of the Royal Decree no. 7. These terms and conditions are:- that the delivery of goods is carried out for a taxpayer or for a non-taxable legal person of Wiede intra-Community acquisitions of goods pursuant to Article 3, paragraph 1, of the 2006/112/112 Directive Egniet are subject to VAT, or for any other non-taxable person- that the lender are not new means of transport referred to in Article 8bis, § 2, of the Code, nor good, delivered after assembly or installation, by or for the supplier's account , with or without testing the installed or mounted goods. In this new provision, a distinction is made between three different hypotheses:- The imports of goods other than excise products, in shipments with an intrinsic value of more than 150 euros, for a sale of goods from third-country areas or third countries entered goods that takes place in a different lecture than Belgium;- the import of goods other than excise products , in shipments, immediately intrinsic value of no more than 150 euros, for a remote sale made from third -country areas or third countries, when the declarant uses the special regulation referred to in Article 58sexies of the Code (special regulation for the declaration and the declaration and Payment of the VAT on import);- the import of goods other than excise products, in shipments immediately intrinsic value of no more than 150 euros, carried out for a remote sale from third-country areas or third countries entered if the declarant does not use the special Regulation referred to in Article 58sexies of the Code (application of the General Regulation Bij Import). Input in Belgium of goods in shipments with an intrinsic value of more dan 150 euros, carried out for a remote sale that takes place in another Member State Dan Belgium for such value, none is possible Use is made of one of the simplification schemes provided for in Articles 58quinquies and 58sexies of the Code for the declaration and the payment of VAT, nor with regard to the sale of goods or third -country imported from third -country areas, nor with regard to the import.de input in Belgium of goods other than excise products in shipments with an intrinsic value of more than 150 euros in a distance of sale of those who are introduced from third -country areas or third countries in a Member State other than Belgium, when applying the normal rules in Belgium is the Tax subject. The person obliged to satisfy that VAT (the addressee Van Degoederen by import, within the meaning of Article 6, § 1, of the Royal Decree No 7) may be the current state of legislation, the buyer (or transferee) to whom the goods are sent at the time at which the tax becomes due or the supplier (the "seller or transfer or a previous seller or transferor" in the current terms) on condition that he is sealed in Belgium or for VAT purposes in Belgium identified in accordance with Article 50, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the Code, or that it is represented by a person who is in advance of recognizing Article 55, § 3, second paragraph, of the Code (Article 6, § 2, first Entweed paragraph, of the Royal Decree no. 7). If the buyer acts as the addressee for the import of goods in the import of goods, the import is charged with the application of the normal rules. In addition, the sale of distance from third -country areas or third countries is deemed deemed to be placed in the Member State of destination of the distance sale, in accordance with Article 33 (1) (B), of Directive 2006/112/EC. This leads to an effective economic double taxation in the rule of the buyer, in particular because it concerns a buyer without the right to deduct. To remedy, provides Article 6, § 2, third paragraph, 1 °, new, of the Royal Decree Nr .7 Therefore, that in the aforementioned circumstances the person (the addressee of the goods at import) is always the supplier in the aforementioned circumstancesWhen the supplier systematically acts as the addressee of the goods at import and thus as the person, the person's input, the import is charged with application of the normal rules and the distance purchases of from third -country areas or third party are charged Countries Introductors deemed to take place in the Member State of the destination of the distance sale in accordance with the 33, point B), of Directive 2006/112/EG. ACCOUNTING with what is preceded, Deleverancier will therefore have to be identified in accordance with the normal rules in accordance with the normal rules -Submit purposes in Belgium and a normal periodic VAT return. Provided he has a permit for the release of tax, he can then indicate the VAT due in that periodic declaration and then deduct in the same declaration. In the absence of such a permit, the supplier takes the VAT due in Belgium to the general administration of customs enacrines and can deduct this VAT in his periodic VAT declaration. What the formalities of formalities that are in the Member State of the destination of the goods ( In principle, the supplier will in principle also be fulfilled in that Member State of the goods for VAT purposes for VAT pursuit in view of the declaration and payment of the VAT purchases of goods or third countries entered In this regulation, the entry into Belgium is taxed here in the country, but this tax is deductible in the supplier. The distance sales of imported by third -country areas or third countries are taxed in the Member State of destination. Finally, the final buyer of the goods of the goods will pay the VAT due to his supplier in the Member State of the destination of the goods. On the other hand, the supplier will, on the other hand, in Belgium (for the payment of the VAT due) and in the Member State of destination of the goods (for the payment of the VAT due on the distance sale) must be identified for VAT purposes. Input in Belgium of goods in shipments immediately carried out intrinsic value of no more than 150 euros, performed for a remote sale from third-country areas whether third countries introduced goods Article 6, § 2, third paragraph, 2 ° and 3 °, new, of the Royal Decree no. 7, the addressees declares to be introduced in Belgium with regard to Goedendie (which are obliged to do the VAT in Belgium in shipments with an intrinsic value of no more than 150 euros when the special scheme referred to in Article 58quinquies of the Code by definition hetzi J is not applied from free choice (it is an optional regulation rule of the supplier), or is not applied in accordance with. In that case there are two options: either the VAT due in Belgium is indicated and paid in accordance with the simplification scheme determined in Article 58sexies of the Code, or the normal rules regarding the declaration and payment of the VAT is applied to input.1) Application of) Application The in Article 58sexies of the Code of Code by the person who applies the goods to the general administration of customs and excise duties for the person for whom the goods intended his article 58sexies, § 2, of the Code make a distinction between the debtor of the Tax for imports and the Persoonie applies the goods to customs. Although the buyer of the goods the legal debtor of the VAT due on the input, he is not the person who is obliged to pay that tax -acting actual to the customs authorities. Article 58sexies, § 2, 2 °, of the Code, after all, that the person who applies the goods to the general administration of Customs and Excise Intail Belgium, the tax intended to the person for whom the goods are intended (the buyer of the goods, who The statutory debtor is of the tax due) and that tax paying in response paragraph 3 of that provision. These formalities are generally indicated by the goods performed by courier services or postal services. These market participants are therefore having to pay the tax due to customs in order to be able to bring the goods on the territory of the Community free circulation. In principle, these service providers are, in principle, the declaration of the goods and the payment of customs duties and the VAT, responsible for the collection of the buyer of the amount of the VAT due by import, in accordance with 58sexies, § 2, 2 °, of the CodeIn concrete terms and in accordance with demandness that is left to the Member States by Article 63 Quinquies, Second paragraph, of the Implementing Regulation282/2011, the condition that the goods offer at Customs on behalf of the person for whom the goods are intended "is considered filled If the person offering the goods at Customs indicates that he will use the special regulation and collect the VAT from the person for the goods are intended. In that case, the buyer will, in accordance with Article 58sexies, §2, 1 °, of the Code, anyway debtor of VAT at the entry. Consequently, Article6, § 2, third paragraph, 2 °, new, of the Royal Decree no. 7, from now on, that in this case the acquirer is the addressee of the entered goods and is therefore obliged to pay the VAT. As it concerns an application modality of this special regulation, there is therefore no different control possible. The place of sale of distance from third -country areas or third countries must be determined on the basis of Article 14, § 2, of the Code, with this knowledge of the article 15, § 1, first paragraph, 2 ° and 3 °, of the Code in this case are not applicable. With a delivery by transport, the place of delivery is in accordance with Article 14, § 2, first paragraph, of the Code, therefore In principle the place where the property is located is the time of departure of shipping or transport. The rule included in the second paragraph of this last determination for the situation in which the goods are sent or transported from a third country, only applies When the supplier is in -powered by input. This is not the case here since the special regulation of Article 58sexies of the Code is application. Consequently, such distance sales of goods or countries entered from third -country areas are not subject to taxes in the community, while the imports are subject to VAT in the Member State of Investoer , who is also the Member State of destination (indit case Belgium). Consequently, there is no economic double taxation on the basis of the buyer, in contrast to the aforementioned case with regard to goods introduced in shipments with an intrinsic value of more than 150 euros. This rule only applies to the assumption of Datbelgia both the Member State of entry of the entry The goods on the territory of the Community as a Delid State of the goods is of the goods. In this context, it must nevertheless be taken into account with the customs government that determines that if goods or third countries entered from third -country areas or third countries in a shipment of goods with An intrinsic value that 150euro does not exceed (and that can therefore enjoy the exemption from import duties) are brought to the territory of the community in a Member State other than the Member State of arrival of the shipment or the Special Regulation was used In title XII, H OOFDPLACE, SECTION 4, of the 2006/112/EC Directive, the goods can only be given to the Member State of arrival of shipment or transport (Article 221 (4, New, of Implementing Regulation (EU) 2015/2447 of the Commission of 24 November 2015 containing further implementing regulations for single provisions of Regulation (EU) No 952/2013 of the European Parliament and the Council establishing the Customs Code of the Union, as amended by Article 1, 9) of Implementing Regulation (EU) 2020/893 of the Commission of 29 June 2020 amending that Implementing Regulation (EU) 2015/2447). It follows that in the aforementioned circumstances the import for VAT purposes of goods that enter the territory of the Community through a Member State other than those of definitive destination can only be found in the latter Member State, so that in such a case the Member State of import for VAT purposes also the Member State of destination are the same. If that Member State is Belgium, the above balance balance may apply if the special regulation referred to in article 58sexies of the Code is used for the import of the goods, even though the goods are therefore the territory of the community through a different member state entered2) Non-application of the regulation referred to in Article58sexies of the Code by the person who applies the goods to the general administration of customs and excise duties for the person for whom the goods are intended application of the normal VAT scheme when the article 58sexies of the simplification regulation referred to as the simplification scheme is not applied or if the supplier does not correctly apply the special input regulation within the OSS system (Article 58quinquies of the Code), the following rules apply to the import of goods other than excise duties in shipments with an intrinsic value of not More than 150 euros performed for a distance sale of goods or third countries entered from third -country areas or the import of goods in Belgium is taxed. In the current position of the legislation, both the transferee and the supplier ("the seller") can act as addressees as a person who is obliged to pay the VAT at import. If the acquisition -redeemed as an addressee at the import of goods and therefore debtor Is of VAT, the analysisable with it is set out in point 1 above. The entry is taxed in the application of the normal rules and the distance sales of goods entered from third-country areas or third countries are deemed to be present outside the Community in accordance with Article 14, § 2, first-line, of the Code 6, § 2, third paragraph, 3 °, new, from the Royal Decree no. 7, however, stipulates that in this case the supplier is the addressee of the goods in part and is thus obliged to pay the BTW.in that case the import of the goods in Belgium remains, but the place of the distance sale of from third -country areas will be ordated Countries entered goods determined on the basis of Article 14, § 2, second paragraph, of the Code. This means that the distance selling from third -country areas or third countries is deemed to take place in the Member State of Input, in this case Belgium's account with what precedes, in that case the supplier will be identified in accordance with the normal rules for VAT purposes in Belgium and submit a normal periodic VAT return. then indicate the VAT in import in that periodic declaration and then deduct in the same declaration. Lack of such a permit, the supplier bears the VAT due in Belgium on the general administration of customs and excise duties and can deduct this VAT in his periodic VAT return. In addition, he will have to include the VAT due on the distance sales of goods or third -country entered from third -country areas or third -countryed goods. As a result, the distance sale of from third -country areas or third countries will be definitively taxed in the community (indit case in Belgium), while the input is also also In Belgium, but the tax by deletion that acts as a addressee can be deducted immediately when entering. Inside supplier the administrative formalities associated with VAT identification in Belgium and the submission of periodic VAT returns wants to choose to use Making the special regulation intention in Article 58quinquies of the Code, which enables him to avoid this administrative formality. In that case, on the one hand, the import is exempt and on the other hand the declaration of the VAT due on the distance sales of goods or third -country landing goods can be made by means of this simplification scheme. Article 10 article 10 of the draft fills Article 7, § 1, of Royal Decree No. 7 with a new Liddat stipulates that the application of the special regulation the object referred to in Article 58sexies of the Code is made of an entry with the electronic system for submitting Vandouane declarations that uses the general administration of customs and excise duties to accept declarations for the consumption. This concerns the AC4 statement. Article 11 article 11 of the design changes Article 9, § 1, first paragraph, of the Royal Decree No 7, so that from now on the application of the special regulation referred to in Article 58sexies of the Code, the payment of VAT does not is determined on the copy of the Ten consumption declaration for the addressee, by analogy with the situation of the relocation regulation at import referred to in Article 7, §2 and 5, § 3, of the Royal Decree No. 7Article 58sexies, § 3, first paragraph, of the Code provides the obligations of the person who applies the goods to the customs with regard to the tax return that owes in the framework of the skin rules. This tax must indeed be included in a separate monthly return declaration on the fourteenth day of the month that follows the month to which it relates, is submitted. This submission is submitted electronically, whereby the total amount of the in debts is in the declaration Calendar month collected tax is stated. The second paragraph of this provision specifies the person who applies the goods to the customs, the total amount of the female tax return will pay no later than the sixteenth day of the month that follows the month on which the declaration withdrawal has. This period corresponds to the maximum period that applies to the deferment of the payment of the customs duties due in accordance with Article 111 (6) of the Second paragraph, of the Customs Code of the Union. Article 369 Novovicies, paragraph 2, New, of the 2006/112/EC Directive stipulates that Delid States demand that the VAT due under this regulation is due within the period that applies to the payment of the import duties. DESCRIPTION LIVES Article 18 of the Royal Decree No. 7. This provision provided for the VAT exemption for the import of small shipments up to 22 euros from suppliers in the countries. This exemption will be abolished from 1 July 2021 by Article 3 of the Directive 2017/2455, in which Title IV of the Directive 2009/132/EC of the Council of 19 October 2009 containing the scope of the scope of Article 143 (b) and c ), of Directive 2006/112/EC with regard to the tax on the added value for the definitive import of certain goods is eliminated. This exemption is replaced by a VAT exemption for imports referred to in Article 40, § 1, 1 ° bis , of the Code, which only applies if the goods are introduced in the context of distance sales of imported from third-country areas or third countries that are indicated within the new simplification scheme of the OSS system (Article58quinquies of the Code). Articles 13, 14 and 15 article 15, § 1, Primary member, 1 °, of the Code, replaced by the law of 2 April 2021, provides for a deviation from the litigation rules for the Placeb Epaling of deliveries of goods with transport with regard to the intra -Community distance sales of goods when the goods are in Belgium at the time of the arrival of the shipment or transport of the goods to the customer, to the exclusion of deliveries of goods subject to the special regulation of taxation referred to in Articles 312 Tot341 of the 2006/112/EC Directive (special regulation for taxation on the profit margin). These specific location rule for intra -Community distance purchases of goods in turn has a deviation on the basis of which those deliveries of goods to Belgium below certain find conditions at the location of the departure of the shipment or transport of the goods (Article 15, § 1, second paragraph, of the Code). In that case, the basic rule for deliveries of transport (Article 14, § 2, of the Code) thus applies again. This deviation is subject to the following cumulative conditions: 1) The supplier is located or has, in the absence of a location, his place of residence or usual place of residence in only one Member State, other than Belgium. The deviation therefore does not apply to suppliers who are not affiliated in the Community, even if they perform the same actions, nor for suppliers established in Differences Mid States; 2) the goods are sent or transported to Belgium (logical defense value resulting from the situation in question ). Since it concerns intra -Community distance sales of goods, the goods are sent or transported from another Member State in any case. Dealing is therefore not applicable to a distance sales of goods introduced from third-country areas or third countries; 3) the total amount, excluding VAT, made of TBE services for non-taxable persons affiliated in a Member State other than the Member State of the Department of Service and of the Intacommuna-Remote Surroundings from goods to a Member State other than the Member State of the supplier's establishment, does not exceed the threshold of 10,000 euros in the current calendar year, nor has this threshold in the course of the previous calendar year exceededIn contrast to the situation that applied to the national thresholds for distance purchases, excise product products are not excluded from the threshold at intra -Community distance purchases to private individuals. This scheme involves an extension of the material application area of ​​the Community threshold that has been introduced from January 1, 2019 for The location of TBE services. He intended to limit the administration lectures for micro-enterprises by avoiding that they should be identified for VAT purposes in every Member State where TBE services performed for private individuals are supposed to be found. From now on, this threshold also applies to the intra -Community distance sales of goods is thus calculated in function of the global turnover for the two different categories of the aforementioned taxable acts together. The annual turnover threshold of 10,000 euros is therefore no National threshold per Member State but a Community threshold that takes into account with the whole of the of the of the Taxpayer on the territory of the Community. Although this is not stated in the text of the directive, it has been designated, as the services of the committee has been clarified and was endorsed by the vast majority of Member States on the occasion of the meeting of the VAT committee of 19 April 2021, for the Calculation of the threshold of 10,000 euros to take into account the intra-Community distance sales of goods that are carried out from the Member State where the taxpayer is established. In anticipation of a formal guideline of the VAT committee, Belgium has, like almost all other Member States, behind this position, which is justified by the pursuit of coherence to prevent different systems from being used for the declaration and payment of the tax on intra -Community distance -sales of goods, depending on these from Belgium or another Member State, when the threshold of 10,000 euros applies is. From this r In any case, Egel continues that the intra -Community remote sale of goods by a taxpayer established in a single Member State from one other Member State than his Member State of location is always deemed to take place in the Member State of arrival of the shipment or transport of the goods. If the taxpayer has fixed establishments in DifferentDelegstaten, this threshold rule does not apply at all, not even for the intra -Community distance sales from the Member State where he has established the seat of his economic activity. of goods and TBE services of Belgium for an amount that does not exceed the threshold of 10,000 euros and he does not choose input tax levy on these acts in the Member State of destination, he will not be able to make use of the special regulation referred to in Article 58quater of the Code for The declaration and payment of the VAT that owes the intra -Community distance sales of goods that he would also perform from another Member State (the option for that scheme must be done globally in particular intra -Community distance departure And and that is incompatible with the use of the threshold rule for the intra -Community distance sales from the Member State of location). For this act he must therefore be identified for VAT purposes in the Member State or Member States of the shipping or transport of the goods, and there must be a declaration of the VAT due on these actions (as a rule by means of a periodic declaration ) Member State or Member States set modalities in accordance with Dedoor. This position was also set out by the Services of the European Commission during the meeting of the VAT Committee of 19 April 2021. Self-whale does not exceed the supplier of the goods, he can in accordance with Article15, § 1, fourth paragraph, of the Code, in accordance with Article15, § 1, fourth paragraph, of the Code Nevertheless, opt for taxation in the Member State of the arrival of the shipment or transport of the goods of these intra -Community distance sales of goods (in the present case in Belgium when Belgium is the Member State of destination). The supplier is bound to this choice in that case for two calendar yearsIn that case, the taxpayed VAT may be due on those intra-Community distance purchases in Belgium and pay by means of its identification for VAT purposes in Belgium and the submission of the periodic VAT return referred to in Article 53, § 1, first paragraph, 2 °, of the Code, or in its Member State of establishment (and identification) Making use of the special regulation referred to in Title XII, Chapter 6, Section 3, of Directive 2006/112/EC (OSS system - Uniere control). article 15, § 2 , of the Code for the intra -Community distance sales of goods from Belgium, the corrolarium of Article15, § 1, new, of the Code that applies to the intra -Community distance -purchasing Belgium. The same rules of location are therefore applicable, Mutatis Mutandis, according to the same modalities, in particular with regard to the calculation of the threshold of 10,000 euros. In this case, the exercise of the choice is provided for in Article 15, § 2, fourth paragraph, of the Code. Articles15, § 3, of the Code stipulates that the King determines the modalities of the statement of the data on the possible exceeding of the Threshold of 10,000 euros as well as the exercise of the choice referred to in Article 15, § 2, fourth paragraph, of the Code of Code 13 Vandit draft therefore changes the registration of the Royal Decree no. 10 to take this choice into account has been determined to the former location rules in Article 15, old, of the Code 14 of the draft, replaces Article 7 of the same Royal Decree. It determines the exercise modalities of the aforementioned choice and provides for the administration fan the data concerning the exceeding of the threshold of 10,000 euros. This article also regulates the interaction between the choice to opt for the special regulation referred to in Article 58quater of the Code and the exercise of this option. This replacement is the result of the introduction of the concept of "intra -Community distance purchases of goods" in Article 1, § 19 , of the Code (Article 14, paragraph 4, 1, new, of the 2006/112/EC Directive) and the abolition of the specific thresholds for the current distance purchasing regulation (for the distance sales to Belgiumgold a threshold of 35,000 euros in accordance with Article 15 , § 1, second paragraph, 1 °, of the Code). These thresholds will be replaced by the Community threshold of 10,000 euros. Modalities of the choice concerns a distinction between the aforementioned taxpayers, depending on whether or not to use the special regulation referred to in Article 58quater of the Code (OSS system-EU scheme) for the declaration and payment of the VAT on this intra-Community distance sales of goods that will be deemed immediately before the choice of VAT, in the Member State of arrival of the shipping or the transport of the goods concerned.articel7, § 1, first paragraph, new, of the Royal Decree no. 10 stipulates that taxpayers are in use or wish to make the aforementioned OSS system-special EU scheme, be supposed to be irrefutable in an irrefutable manner have opted for the location of the intra -Community distance sales of goods in the Member State of arrival of the shipment or transport of the goods in question, in accordance with Article 15, § 2, fourth paragraph, of the Code 7, § 1, second -member, new , of the Royal Decree no. 10, the time determines when this option starts. Taxpayer determines the meaning of the Code of Code in Article 58quater The special regulation does not yet apply, the choice starts on the first day on which the taxpayer may apply the special regulation referred to in Article58quater of the Code, that is, in principle, in accordance with Article 57 Quinquies of the Implementing Regulation 282/2011, from the first day Of the quarter that follows the request for registration under that special regulation. In the cases in which the taxpayer is already applying for this special regulation, the choice, on the other hand, takes effect from the first intra -Community distance sale that the taxpayer carries out. For taxpayers who already use these special regulations for their TBE services on 1 July 2021, this choice starts from that date. Take the legal effect of the choice in any case no end before December 31 of the second year that follows that data, already Depending on the case. However, the choice continues to apply as long as the taxpayer continues to use that special arrangement. Since it is an irrefutable suspicion, there was nevertheless a possibility of escaping the suspicionThus, the choice no longer applies when the taxpayigeslist to no longer use the special arrangement referred to in Article 58quater of the Code. In that case, the choice is to be immediately elaborated with all the consequences that flood it for the location of the intra-Community distance sales of goods and the TBE services (in function of a possible exceeding of the threshold of 10,000 euros during the current or preliminary calendar year). Article 7, § 1, fifth paragraph, New, of the Royal Decree No. 10 specifies that this choice (under the suspicion) also applies to determine the location of the TBE services in the Member State where the recipient is established or where he has his place of residence or usual residence 7, § 2, first paragraph, new, of the Royal Decree no. 10, stipulates that the taxpayers who make the choice of deliveries of the deliveries of the deliveries of the deliveries of the supplies of the supplies referred to in Article 15, § 2, fourth paragraph, of the Code goods to take place in the Member State of arrival of the shipment or the transport of the goods, but who do not want to make use of the special rule Ingated in Article 58quater of the Code, the competent service of the administration tax with the taxation tax service is also obliged to inform them by registered mission. The information to be provided to the Belgian administration included in article 7, § 2, second paragraph, new, of the Royal Decree no. 10, there will mainly be the administration of the Member States of arrival of the goods sent or transported from Belgium of the taxation in the Member State of arrival of the goods as well as of Debtw identification of the taxpayers in the Member State or the Member States of Arrival.ikel7, § 2, third paragraph, New, of the Royal Decree no. 10 specifies that choice takes effect on the date of the registered shipment and applies until 31 December of the second year that follows on that date. This choice applies to the intra -Community distance sales of goods from other Member States DanBelgia and also for the location of the services referred to in Article 21bis, § 2, 9 °, second paragraph, b), of the Code to be determined in the Member State where the recipient of the service is located or where he his place of residence or usual residence has also applies to the liabilities to payers who wish to refrain from the special regulation referred to in Article 58quater of the Code. In that case, it is no longer applicable in Article 7, § 1, new, of the Royal Decree No. 10, and if they do not exceed the threshold of 10,000 euros, if they do not exceed the taxation of the intra -Community removal, if they do not exceed the threshold of 10,000 euros which they perform from Belgium in the Member State of destination. If they do not use this option, these deliveries will take place in Belgium in accordance with Article 15, §2, second paragraph, of the Code (return to the provisions of the Code in Article 14, § 2 of the Code). , New, of the Royal Decree No. 10 The modalities of the declaration that must be submitted to the administration with regard to the exceeding of the threshold of 10,000 euros referred to in Article 15, § 2, second paragraph, 3 ° of the Code. Every taxpayer referred to in paragraph 2 makes a declaration according to the modalities of the communication of the choice referred to in paragraph 2, of the exceeding of the threshold from the first action, considered in its entirety, so that the threshold has been exceeded. He indicates the date in that declaration when that threshold exceeding took place (date of the first act as a result of which the threshold was exceeded). This declaration must not be submitted to the taxpayer concerned:- such a statement has already submitted in the course of the prior calendar year; - In the course of one of the two preceding calendar years or in the current calendar year voluntary or involuntary (taking into account the requirements referred to in paragraph 1), the choice referred to in Article 15, § 2, fourth paragraph, of the Code provided for corrected modalities in Article 7, §§ 1 and 2, new, of the Royal Decree no.10. The Minister of Finance or his authorized representative determines the modalities of this statement, more in particular the form and the way in which the statement is made. Since it concerns merely practical modalities, it is effectively anticipated that the administration can determine it directly, as indicated by the Act of the Council of State in point 4.1. In his aforementioned advisory number. 69.432/3. TOT SLEST replaces Article 15 of the draft Article 7ter of the Royal Decree No.10 To take into account the changes to Article 21bis, § 2, 9 °, of the Bij de Law Code of 2 April 2021. That provision now specifies:- that the threshold of 10,000 euros HetTotal amount, excluding VAT, concerns the TBE services and from the intra-Community distance sales from goods to a Member State other than that of the service provider's establishment (Article 21bis, §2, 9 °, second paragraph, c), of the Code);- that provides the choice in this provision (for such aTbe -Services in the Member State of the Customer, even if this threshold has not yet exceeded) also automatically also involves the choice of taxing the intra -Community distance purchasing of goods in the Member State of arrival of the goods, in accordance with Article 59 Quater, paragraph 3, van Directive 2006/112/EC (fourth paragraph of the same provision). These adjustments are also included in Article 7ter of the Royal Decree No 10. As is the case for the choice provided in Article 7 of the KO Ninklijk Decree no. 10, Article 7ter of the same decision makes a distinction between two cases, depending on whether or not the taxpayer makes use of the special settlement referred to in Article 58quater of the Code. In the affirmative case, the same irreverry -free moods thus applies. For the rest, reference is made to the aforementioned Article 7, of which the structure and the rules of mutatis mutandis apply to the present choice to have the services take place in the Member State where the customer is located. Articles 16 and 17th Replacement of article15 by the law of 2 April 2021 also has an impact on two provisions of the Royal Decree no. 22. In the first place, Article 2, § 3, of that Decree stipulates that the special regulation for agricultural entrepreneurs introduced by Article57 of the Code is not applicable to the deliveries of goods under the conditions of Article 15, §§ 2 and 3, From the Code of Code (here the distance sales of goods from Belgium are meant, in accordance with the Old approach to that concept, when it was not yet an autonomous legal concept but a reference retained specific location rules). In view of the amendment to Article 15 of the Code, Article2, § 3, of Royal Decree No 22 must now refer to the intra -Community distance -purchasing of goods, performed under the conditions of Article 15, § 2, new, of the Code. The normal regulation will apply integrally to these actions (including the application of the threshold of 10,000 euros and the rule of the choice for taxation in the Member State of arrival of the shipment or the transport of the goods). Article 16 of the draft provides for this adjustment. This amendment to the Code also has an influence on Article 4ter of Royal Decree No 22. This provision prevails in a specific invoicing obligation for farmers who have a distance sales of agricultural products referred to in Article 15, §§ 2 and 3 , old, from the Code. For this Acts the Agricultural Entrepreneur to the Buyer an invoice or a document valid as such that, as well as reports, possibly prescribed by the Member State on the territory whose goods are experiencing at the time of arrival of the shipment or transport to the customer, a number specific stations contains (a sequence number, the date on which the invoice or the appeal is issued as such, the name and address of the buyer and the agricultural entrepreneur, the ordinary names the quantity of the delivered goods as well as the price without tax and the other elements of the measure of tax). Inning the evolution of the invoicing rules (both regarding the competent extension state and on the requirements regarding invoicing when Belgium is authorized to establish those rules), this specific obligation is deleted. The farmer on the basis of Article 2, § 3, new, of Royal Decree No. 22 (see Article 1 6 of the design) The normal regulation vast on the intra -Community distance sales of goods (agricultural products) that it performs are the same rules regarding invoicing to him if they perform such actions to the other tax goods. If these intra -Community distance sales of goods location in the Member State of destination (and therefore either the threshold of 10,000 euros has been exceeded or the taxpayer has opted for taxation in the Member State of destination), the obligation will be issued an invoice dependent on the fact or the taxpayer whether or not to use the special regulation referred to in Article 58quater of the Code (EU scheme)If he uses this regulation in Belgium, there is no obligation to make such an invoice from Teriken (joint application of articles 53decies, § 1, third paragraph, and 53, § 2, first paragraph, 2 °, of the Code). If it does not use that regulation, Belgium is not authorized to establish the rules on invoicing (Article 53decies, § 1, first paragraph, of the Code). Account to the amendment to Article 16, § 1, of the Royal Decree Nr . 1 (Article 2 of the design), farmers who carry out intra -Community distance sales of goods under the threshold of 10,000 euros (which take place in Belgium on the basis of Article 14, § 2, of the Code) will also be obliged to hold a diary of receipts in which The specific statements for the intra -Community distance sales of goods must be included. Article 17 of the design therefore raises Article 4ter of the Royal Decree No. 22 of the article 18artikel18 of the draft applies a legist change in Article 5bis, second paragraph, of the Royal Decree No. 22 Following the changes made to this draft in Royal Decree No. 4. g of Directive 2017/2455 and Directive 2019/1995 led, among other things, to the expansion of the scope of the current MOSS system ("Minione Stop Shop") to an OSS system ("One Stop Shop"). This expansion brings a Change with the name and the data of the mail account on which the payments of the tax must be carried out. Article 19 of the draft therefore changes the inscription of Section 1 of the Royal Decree no. 24 to take this change into account. In response to the comment of the Department of Legislation of the Council of State (point 6 of its aforementioned advice No 69.432/3) must be quoted in this regard that the preservation of the terminology "Mini One Stop Shop" both in the title of Section1 and of Subsections 3 and 4 of the Royal Decree No 24 if in Article 13, New, of the Zelftekonbul, is fully justified. After all, reference is made to the bank account with regard to the payment of the tax due on acts that were made before 1 July 2021, Diedus will indeed fall within the scope of the "old" special regulations of the Minione Stop Shop. Those bank accounts will of course lose their use in the long term. A future change of the Royal Decree No 24 will thus allow any reference to that terminology delete when those accounts will effectively become completely superfluous. Article 20evenzo will be the inscription of Subsection 3 of section 1 of the Royal Decree no. 24, which specifically relates to the postal account of the OSS system ("Inning Netp"), amended by Article 20 of the draft. Article 21 article 21 of the draft replaces Article13bis of the Royal Decree No 24 to determine the payment modalities of the VAT that is due under the simplification schemes referred to in Articles 58ter, § 6, fourth paragraph, EN58Quater, § 6, ninth paragraph, of the Code, as replaced by the law of 2 April 2021, and in article 58quinquies, § 6, fourth paragraph, of the Code, inserted by the same law. Data of the mail account, it is thus indicated in Article 13bis, new, of the Royal Decree no. 24. The payment must be made to the mail account BE32 6792 0036 of "Inning Netp". Determination on this mail account is always made by the debtor by means of a transfer with the structured announcement communicated to him by the administration. Articles 22 and 23 of the draft replace the caption of Subsidian 4 and Article 13ter of Royal Decree no. 24.This change aims at providing a legal basis for (late or not) payments arising from the (late or not late) Submission of or corrections to MOSS reports referred to in Article 58ter, § 5, and Article 58quater, § 5, of the Code, as these provisions apply up to and including 30 June 2021. This payments will still be made on the BE78 mail account 6792 0036 2186 of "Mini One Stopshop - VAT BE". This transitional provision provided for in Article 13ter, new, of the Royal Decree no. 24 is comparable to Article 13ter, in the version that applies until 30 June 2021, at the transition of the system "VAT on e-services" (Article 58bis, old, from the Code) to the one-counter system "Moss", which entered into force on January 1, 2015. Subtido 4 and Article13ter of the Royal Decree no. 24 are replaced, since the latter provision, taking into account it in time limited scope, no longer has an effectArticle 24er is used to rewrite the changes to Article 1 of this Decree made to the Royal Decree No 31. Section 1 of this provision is in fact fully pleonastic and therefore legally unnecessary, since the rules contained therein are already included in Article55, §§ 1 and 2 of the Code. The basic rules for the designation of a liable representative by a not in Belgium established (whether or not in the Community -made) taxpayer who carries out certain taxable acts in Belgium. Artificial24 of the draft rewrites this Article 1 by scrapping the provisions of the first paragraph to the name of the competent service of the administration charged with the VAT for these matters repeat, namely the SME center specific matters that replace the former Central VAT office for foreign taxpayers. For the rest, this Article 1 remains unchanged. Articraft25 article 25 of the draft applies the same terminological change to Article 2, §2, of the Royal Decree No 31. article 26 article 26 of the draft adds an article 2bis in the Royal Decree No 31 In that now on the recognition procedure and the allocation procedurevan regulates the VAT identification numbers for the intermediaries referred to in Article 58quinquies, § 3, first paragraph, of the Penal Code in the context of the special input scheme referred to in that Article 58quinquies. For the liable representatives referred to in Article 1 of the Royal Decree No 31 and for the in advance recognized persons referred to in Article 2 of the same decision, it is fully digital and is managed by the SME Center for specific matters. This procedure is mainly regulated in Article 58quinquies, § § 3 to 5, of the Code, while article 2bis, new, from Royal Decree no. 31 in HO or this is limited to the intervention of Hetkmo Center specific matters in these procedure. What the intermediary persons referred to in Article 58quinquies is the identification for VAT purposes, in accordance with Article 58quinquies, § 4, second and third paragraph, of the Code in two phases by means of individual identification numbers. The intermediary who receives his recognition as such, receives an identification number that consists of nine digits preceded by the letters 'in'. Based on this number granted number, intermediary may submit a request for identification for the application of this special regulation for every taxpayer he represents. This identification number also consists of nine figures and is preceded by the letters 'IM'. These numbers are communicated by the SME center specific materials by electronic way, in accordance with Article 58quinquies, § 4, fourth paragraph, of the Code. This provision, as well as all other formalities associated with the recognition of the liable representative, of the in advance Recognized person and of the intermediary their legal basis in Article 55, § 3, of the Code. In accordance with point 3.2. Of the advantage of the Advisory Board of the Council of State, the mere referral other is insufficient in itself. The preamble has been adjusted accordingly. After all, the intermediary can be considered a predetermined person referred to in Article 55, §3, second paragraph, of the Code. In any case, a separate basis will be created in a future law design to cover the recognition formalities of the intermediary in the framework referred to in Article 58quinquies of the Code, so that a larger coherence is guaranteed to be the authorizations to the king Within the special regulations themselves. Aarticel27er also uses these changes to thoroughly reform the security scheme of Article3 of the Royal Decree no. 31 with regard to the liable representatives the previously recognized persons. The new rules thus introduced will also apply to detus persons referred to in Article 58quinquies, § 3, first paragraph, of the Code of the Code 3, second paragraph, old, of the Royal Decree No 31 stipulates this by or on behalf of the Minister of Financiërende Solvency of the liable representative or of the previously recognized person is assessed with their obligations. Depending on this solvency, the liable representative or the previously recognized person may be obliged to provide a certainty to ensure the collection of all amounts that may owe taxpayer (s) of the representative taxpayer as taxes, fines, ignorance interests and costsThis security (which can be revised in the function of the aforementioned obligations) is determined for the liable representative on a maximum of a quarter of the taxes that have been imposed by the tax -liable to be liable for a period of twelve calendar months. In the event of representation, a global number by a previously recognized person, it will be set at a maximum of ten pCt. of the taxes owed for the whole of the taxpayers represented. Subsidence can consist of a first mortgage on a real estate in Belgium, a guarantee species, a bail in securities or a personal guarantee of an insurance company, or a bank or a private savings greenhouse who may carry out their activities in Belgium (Article 3, six -off member, old, of Royal Decree No. 31). As indicated by the Legislation of the Council of State in point 10 of its aforementioned Advice No 69.432/3, the financial institutions referred to in accordance with Belgian regulations are allowed to perform their activity on Belgian territory. and free provision of services, therefore, it does not necessarily concern an institution established in Belgium. Article 27 of the draft Article 3 of Royal Decree No 31, which has now been drawn up as follows.Paragraaf1, new, resumes the content of the first paragraph, old , and specifies the conditions for being able to be rejected as liable representative, as a previously recognized person or as an intermediary. De these Conditions relate to the location of establishment and the authority to enter into contracts. Paralards, new, from now on it stipulates that a certainty of these different persons can be claimed to guarantee the incidence of all amounts that can be due to tax, fines, omissions, omissions and costs. In this provision, it is reminded that the certainty may consist of a bail in species, a bail in securities or a personal guarantee of an insurance company, or a bank or a private savings greenhouse that carries out their activities in Belgium.Paragon3, new, states the amount of this certainty uniform fixed at 10 pCt. of the balance of the degradation for a period of twelve calendar months resulting from the reports referred to in the articles 53, § 1, first paragraph, 2 °, 58ter, § 6, 58Quater, § 6 and 58quinquies, §6 of the Code, that were submitted during the preceding calendar year. The discretionary competence of the SME Center for Specific matters is thus eliminated in favor of objective and uniform criteria. Onderhet balance of the tax due will be what the periodic VAT declaration referred to in Article 53, § 1, first paragraph, 2 °, of the Code The result is the result of the tax that is due after the submission of that declaration, so after deducting the tax that has been deducted in that declaration. This amount corresponds to the schedule [71] of this declaration. For other declarations in which no deduction can be applied, this is simply the tax that is owed by virtue of vandie reports. PARARAGRAAF 3, new, also stipulates that the amount of the certainty is previously determined on the basis of the estimates of the tax due, If it is not possible to establish a reference period of one year for the provision Vandeze certainty (for example in the case of the start of an activity). The certainty will then be definitively determined on April 30 of the following year. In view of proportionality, it is also determined that the amount of certainty, depending on the above -mentioned calculation, is a minimum of 7,500 euros and a maximum of one million euros. The amount of the certainty is in any case laid down for a period that expires on 31 December of the second year that follows the determination of that amount. Pection 4, new, finally stipulates that the amount of this is revised in the light of the changes In the extent of the commitments of the stakeholders, for example in the event of an increase or reduction of the tax due, it was determined, in the event of in advance recognized persons or intermediaries, in the event of a change in the number of representative tax liabilities. With a view to a possible revision, the comparison between the degrades will be made with regard to the year that, depending on the case, precedes the determination or to the change of certainty. The administration will always proceed to this revision in case the amount of certainty increases. On the other hand, the person concerned can request a revision in the case of reduction of certaintyIn any case, there is no revision when the change of the amount of certainty less than ten pCt. item 28 article 28 article 28 of the draft replaces Article 7 of the Royal Decree No 31 to take into account the different cases of VAT identification in Belgium in accordance with Article 50, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the Code, as amended by the law of 2 April 2021. This change has its origins in the operation of the various simplification schemes in the OSS system. A number of terminological changes are made in the current text of Article 7 of the Royal Decree No 31. On the one hand, the provision from now on To refund must be submitted to the competent service, in this case the SME center specific matters (and no longer the head of the Central VAT office Vooruittenland taxpayers). On the other hand, it is clarified that this provision is intended to be the taxpayer that is not established in community and not so much the taxpayer who is established "outside the Community" (this concept does not exclude that that taxpayer is not only outside community but also on the territory of the community established). article7 of the Royal Decree no. 31 is therefore amended in its entirety to hold these adjustments in all paragraphs. One of the basic conditions for the refund of VAT on taxpayers that are not established in the Community is that these taxpayers are not in principle not have been identified for VAT purposes in Belgium and that they are not obliged to submit the periodic BTW declaration as referred to in Article 53, § 1, first paragraph, 2 °, of the Code Book from the general design of Article 1 , paragraph 1, of the thirteenth Directive 86/560/EEC of the Council of 17 November 1986 on Harmonisa of the legislation of the Member States regarding sales tax -regulation for the refund of the value added tax on the taxpayers not established on the territory of the Community (hereinafter: "the Directive 86/560/EEC), according to what taxable dental dates of the Member State of the Member State of consumption for a refund request "no deliveries of goods or services, the place of which is deemed to be in the Member State [of consumption]", with the exception of certain specific actions. This was expressed in Article 7, § 1, of the decree no. 31 in the version before 1 July 2021. 2021, however, a distinction must be made between different cases. This is the subject of paragraphs 1 and 2 of article 7 of the Royal Decree no. 31. article 7, § 1, new, from the Royal Decree no. 31 from now on takes into account all cases in which a person who is not concerned in the Community does not have left over A VAT identification number has that the letters contains and that Hemis granted in accordance with Article 50, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, a), new, of the Code. The following cases are meant:- either he does none of them in the Code of Investigation in Belgium that grants him entitlement to deduction and for which he is obliged in Belgium to pay the tax pursuant to Articles 51 and 52 of the Code and does not have a VAT identification number the letters be contained;-or it only performs actions in Belgium for which it uses the special regulation referred to in Title XII, Chapter 6, Section 2 or 4, of the Directive2006/112/EC (non-union scheme or input scheme in the OSS system), regardless of whether or not he has chosen Belgium of identification (even in that case, it is not a VAT identification numbered the letters BE contains for the use of these special regulations)-or he does for VAT anyway --'s-purposes identified in Belgium by means of a VAT identification numbered the letters, but that it has been granted in accordance with Article 50, § 1, EEA Ste member, 3 °, b), new, from the Code. This concerns the (very exceptional) case in which the taxpayer not (who is not established in the community in the community in the community) does not perform any action referred to by the Code that grants him entitlement to him and for which he has been obliged in Belgium to The payment of the tax pursuant to Articles 51 and 52 of the Code, but in a Member State other than Belgium performs actions for which it (in Belgium) uses the special EU scheme of the OSS system, referred to in Article 58quater of the Code. As stated in Article 7, § 1, old, of the Royal Decree Nr31, the tax die may be charged with the acts that the taxpayer has performed or that were carried out in Belgium under the global VAT identification number that was assigned to a previously recognized person referred to in Article 2, in accordance with Article 50, § 3, of the Code book, § 1, of the Royal Decree no. 31, the new paragraph 2 of Article 7 of Article 7 of the Royal Decree No 31 provides for a right to a refund for each taxable dental dental destination for VAT purposes in Belgium has been identified in accordance with Article 50, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, a), of the Code, when the taxpayer not established in the Community uses the special regulation referred to in Article 58quater of the Code and he also carried out acts under this regulation under Belgium This scheme falls. The taxpayer with Belgium, identification Member State For the application of this regulation, will receive a VAT identification number for the application of this regulation in accordance with Article 50, § 1, 3 °, a) of the Code. Contrary to Article 57 Sexions of the Implementing Regulation 282/2011 the Member State of identification identifies the taxpayer who applies the Union Regulation on the basis of his VAT identification number referred to in Articles214 and 215 of the 2006/112/EC Directive. In concrete terms, this means that input taxpayers (whether or not established in Belgium), who are already an individual VAT identification number that has been granted to them in accordance with Article 50, § 1, first paragraph, 1 ° or 3 °, of the Code (preceded by the letters BE), Article 58quater, § 4, of the Code stipulates that Zijdit number use for the taxable actions that fall under this special regulation. Before the start of their activity that falls under this regulation, the other tax liabilities must also be awarded an individual VAT identification number that the letters contains, in accordance with Article50, § 1, first paragraph, 1 ° or 3 °, of the Code. When the taxpayers concerned is established in the community and he chooses Belgium as a Member State of identification, his identification is for VAT purposes in Belgium in accordance with Article 50, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, a) or b), of the Code as he Whether or not in Belgium performs acts for which he uses the special regulation referred to in Article 58quater of the Code. If he is identified for VAT purposes on the basis of Article 50, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, b) of the Code (because it does not perform any actions in Belgium that fall under the EU scheme), Article 7, § 1, is New, of the Royal Decree no. 31 applies (see above). In the case referred to in Article7, § 2, new, of the Royal Decree No 31, the taxpayer Benbia also performs in the Code of Code and will for VAT purposes identified in Belgium in accordance with Article 50, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, a) of the Code, but will not be obliged to be the periodic VAT return referred to in Article 53, § 1, first paragraph, 2 °, of the Code (see article 53, § 1bis, second paragraph, new, of the Code). This taxpayer can therefore only be able to exercise his right to deduct by way of refund, in accordance with 58quater, § 8, first paragraph, of the Code, which explicitly refers to the refund in Article 76, § 2, of the Code of this refund to a not In the Community taxpayer, according to the procedure of Directive 86/560/EEG ("Thirteen Directive") takes place. Article 7, §§ 3 and 4, new of the Royal Decree No 31, determine that the application for a refund in three copies is submitted to the SME Center for Specific matters, no later than 30 September of the calendar year following the period to which the refund request relates . Article 7, § 5, New, of the Royal Decree No 31, from now on stipulates that it does not include the application for a refund if it relates to an amount of less than50 euros (instead of 25 euros previously). In this context, reference is made to the explanation of the amendment of Article 9, § 2 of the Royal Decree No. 4 (Article 6, 1 °, of the draft). This draft does not change the overigre provisions regarding this refund procedure. As indicated in the Advies no. 68482/3 of the Council of State of 28 January 2021 concerning the aforementioned preliminary draft law amending the Code of the added value of the Due Regulatory tax that applies to a distance sale of goods and to certain deliveries of goods and services, this is this Refund procedure also applies for a taxpayer of the special regulation uses the payment of the VAT that is due in Belgium on acts performed by him that fall under the special scheme but that Belgium has not chosen as a state of identification. This case is also intended in Article 7, § 1, of the Konzinklijke Decree no. 31. article 29 article 29 of the draft changes the inscription of section Ibis of Section 1 of Table G of the Annex to Royal Decree No 41, that one proportional fine fine in the event of non-payment of the tax due (in Belgium) provides for which the due and payability is apparent from the submitted declaration referred to in Articles 58ter, § 6 and 58Quater, § 6, of the Code, as amended by the Act of 2 April 2021 and in Article 58quinquies, § 6, of the Code, as inserted by the same law. The previous inscription always limited the MOSS system (regulations referred to in Articles 58ter and 58quater of the Code, in their previous version). It is reminded that these fines can be imposed by Belgium as a Member State of consumption. After all, pursuant to Article 63 of the Implementing Regulation 282/2011, "if a VAT declaration or too late is submitted, or incomplete or incorrect, or if the VAT is paid too late, any interest, fines or other levies will be made by the Member State of consumption calculated and levied. This provision is owed these fines to the Member State of consumption by the taxpayer or the intermediary acting for his account. It is therefore not up to the Member State of Identification, which acts as depositary of the declarations and as recipient of these taxes for the benefit of alleli states of consumption, to impose and collect such a proportional fine. The reasoning is identical to respect of the fine for non-compliance with the obligation to submit, in which the Member State of identification plays an important role. Article 30punt 5 of section 2 of the Annex G of the Annex to Royal Decree No 41 The Sanction that applies in case of wrongly applying or invoking the relocation to deperiodic VAT declaration with regard to the tax due by import, as stipulated in Article5, § 3, of Royal Decree no. 7 (the so-called "E.T. 14,000" permit scheme). E.T. 14,000 gives taxpayers who are holder the possibility to shift the payment of the VAT when entering their periodic VAT returns. Taxpayers who are holder of this permit therefore no longer have to finance the VAT due at customs on the time that the goods are introduced. Point 5, b), 1 °, from section VIII of Section2 of Table G of the Annex to Royal Decree no. 41 provides for a fine of 50 euros for the whole of the violations set during the same check in the event of infringements of the relocation regulation referred to in Article 5, § 3, of the Royal Decree no.7, if the tax is fully deductible is. Numerous infringements have been established in this area, so that the correct follow -up of the actions concerned is being compromised by the administration. In this case the aforementioned fine of 50 euros has been too low, since the amounts are involved. These amounts will be in the future probably considerably increasing development of electronic trade and the entry into force of the new rules on distance -purchasing goods that are introduced from third -country areas or third countries, in particular when no use is made of the special import schemes of Articles 58quinquies of the Code (Regulation In the context of the OSS system that, in principle, leads to exemption from VAT on imports) and 58sexies of the Code (Regulation outside the OSS system where the final destination of the benefit to satisfy VAT on imports is made). in view of a larger coherence meter the sanctions that are on the NI VEAU with the domestic actions are provided, replaces Article 30.1 °, of the draft point 5 of section VIII of Section 2 of Table G of the Annex to the Royal Decree No. 41 by providing a proportional fine of 5 or 10 PCT . of the tax for which Verlaggingsregeling was applied or invoked unlawfully, depending on the amount of diebecastingCategory IX of the same section 2 concerns the fine that applies to Violations with regard to the exemptions, in particular on import. Article 58quinquies of the Code Pres in an optional simplification scheme on the basis of the distance sale of goods or third -country entered in shipments with a Intrinsic value of no more than 150 euro is taxed in accordance with the modalities of this special scheme, while the import of the leverage plans is exempt from VAT. This exemption is referred to in Article 40, § 1, 1bis, of the Code of Code, inserted by the law of 2 April 2021. article 30, 2 °, therefore fills the caption of section IX of Section 2 of Table G of the Annex to Royal Decree no.41 with a reference to Article 40, § 1, 1 ° bis, of the Code, to cover any violation with this VAT exemption. The fine of 10 pCt. of the tax due to the adjusted section remains unchanged. Article 58sexies, § 3, first -line member, of the Code, determines the obligations of the person who applies the goods to the customs with regard to the tax return that is due upon import in the framework of the determination of the provision of special regulation. This tax must be included in a monthly return This submission is submitted by electronic road, whereby the total amount of the tax collected in the relevant monthly month states. The second paragraph of this determination states that the person who applies the goods to customs must be the total amount of the tax specified in the declaration pay no later than the sixteenth day of the month that follows the month where the declaration relates. This period corresponds to the maximum period that applies to the postponement of payment of the customs duties due in accordance with Article 111 (6) of the Second paragraph, of the Customs Code of the Union. Article 369 Novovicies, paragraph 2, New, of Directive 2006/112/EC stipulates that Member States demand that the VAT due under this regulation due within the period that applies to the payment of the import duties applies. Article 30, 3 ° The design consequently adds a new section IXbis in section 2 of Table G of the Annex to the Royal Decree no. 41 to provide the fine in the event of a full or partial non-payment of the VAT due to which the claimability The aforementioned submission shows and which remains owed on the seventeenth day of the month that follows the period to which the declaration relates. This fine is 10 pCt. of the tax due. Whatever the person who applies the goods to customs is not legally the primary VAT debtor is force of force, he is nevertheless the person designated to pay this tax, in accordance with article 58sexies, § 3, second paragraph, of the Code. Article 31 article 31 of the design changes the heading of section II of section 1 of the Annex to the Royal Decree no. 44, to take into account the reports referred to in Articles 58ter, § 6, and 58Quater, § 6, of the Code, as amended by the law of 2 April 2021, and in Article 58quinquies, § 6, of the Code, of the Code, as inserted by the same law. The scales of the fines remain unchanged in this section. Article 32th articles 58quater, §8, first and third paragraph, and 58quinquies, § 8, first and third paragraph, of the Code determine that the taxpayers use who use The special regulations in which these provisions that are not obliged in Belgium to submit periodic VAT returns in accordance with Article53, § 1, first paragraph, 2 °, of the Code, in principle only exercise a refund Article 76, § 2, of the Code. Contrary to Article76, § 2, second paragraph, of the Code, this refund procedure is not established in Belgium but in another Member State are established in Belgium the provisions regarding refund of the 2008/9/EC Directive. This procedure and the modalities for this refund make the object of Royal Decree no. 56. Article 32 of the draft supplements paragraph 1, 2 °, of article 2, of Royal Decree No 56 with a provision under c) to provided for in a refund in the cases in which a taxable acts established in Belgium but in another Member State carries taxable actions in Belgium for which he uses one of the special regulations in Title XII, Chapter 6, Section 3 or 4, of the 2006/112 Directive /ECThe reference to the provisions of the Directive is relevant here insofar as these taxpayers who are not located in Belgium but in one other Member State than Belgium are obliged to choose the Member State for those special regulations where they are the seat of their economic activity or a permanent establishment, which by definition cannot be Belgium under the provisions of the Royal Decree no. 56. This acts carried out in the Member State of refunds for which the taxpayable use of one of the special regulations referred to in Title XII, Chapter 6, Section 3 or 4, of Directive 2006/112/EC, do not exclude him from the right to refund of the taxes paid in that Member State of refund for which he requests a refund. In this context, reference is made to the explanation of the insertion of Article 9bis in the Royal Decree No. 4 (Article7 of the draft 33 article 25 of the Royal Decree No. 56 sums the data that must be included in the refund request referred to in the refund scheme for providing Royal Decree when Belgium is the Member State of establishing the applicant. Articles25, § 1, 5 °, of the Royal Decree No 56 stipulates that the refund request below More a declaration of the applicant must contain according to which he has no deliveries of goods or services during the refund period in which the place for VAT purposes is deemed to be located in the Member State of refund. There are certain exceptions to this rule. As corrolarium of the amendment to Article 2 of the aforementioned Royal Decree, changes Article 33 of the design Article 25, § 1, 5 °, of the Royal Decree No 56 to provide an additional exception to this rule, in particular deliveries of goods or services for which for which the taxpayer use of one of the special regulations referred to in Articles 58quater or 58quinquies of the Code. This acts carried out in the Member State of refunds for which the taxable person in Belgium uses one of the special regulations referred to in Articles 58quater of58quinquies of the Code close him After all, it is not based on the right to refund the taxes paid in that Member State of refund for which it requests a refund. Article 34artikel34 of the draft determines the date of entry into force of the new provisions on 1 July 2021. Including this general rule provides Article 34 , second paragraph, of the draft a deferred that Umvan entry into force of Article 27 of the draft, which replaces Article 3 of Royal Decree No 31 with regard to the rules regarding the establishment of a certainty on the part of liable representatives, recognized persons and intermediaries. In order to adapt the first two categories mentioned above to the new rules in this area, it has been stipulated that these new rules will enter into force on 1 October2021. In particular, this relates to:- liable representatives in advance recognized persons who have provided a certainty before 1 July 2021 in a form other than a specialist trip in species, a bail in securities or a personal guarantee of an insurance company, a bank or a private savings greenhouse who carry out their activities in Belgium, or who do not provide this security;- the persons who will act as liable representatives, recognized persons or intermediaries from 1 July 2021 and who will also be obliged to make a security in accordance with Article 3, new , of the Royal Decree no. 31. I have the first being, Sire, Van Your Majesty, the very respectful and very faithful servant, Deminister of Finance, v. Van Peteghem29 June 2021. - Royal Decree to amend the Royal Decree Nos. 1, 4, 7, 10, 10, 22, 31, 31, 41, 44 and 56 with regard to the tax on the added Value Filip, King of the Belgians, to All Dienu and afterwards will be, our greetingsIn view of the Constitution, Article 108; In view of the value of the added value, Article 15, § 3, replaced by the Act of 2 April 2021, Article 21bis, § 2, 9 °, fifth paragraph, inserted by the law of 11 February 2019, Article 52, § 1 , replaced by the law of December 28, 1992 and amended by the Royal Decree of 22 December 1995, ratified by the law of 15 October 1998, Article 54ter, fourth paragraph, inserted by the law of 2 April 2021, Article 55, § 3, replaced By law of 7 March 2002 amed by the law of 20 December 2002, Article 57, § 5, second paragraph, inserted by the Act of 28 December 1992, Article 57, § 7, first paragraph, inserted by the Act of 28 December 1992 , Article 58ter, § 9, inserted by the law of 2 April 2021, Article 58Quater, § 9, inserted by the law of 2 April 2021, Article 58quinquies, § 9, inserted by the law of 2 April 2021, Article 58sexies, § 5 , inserted by the law of 2 April 2021, Article 70, § 4, first paragraph, replaced by law of 22 June 2012, Article 76, § 2, second paragraph, inserted by the Act of 26NOVember 2009 and Article 84, third paragraph, inserted by the law of 4 August 1986; Having regard to the decree no. 1 of 29 December 1992 with regard to the regulation for the payment of Debelasting about the added value; Having regard to Royal Decree No 4 of 29 December1969 with regard to the refunds on the added value; in view of Royal Decree No. 7 of 29 December 1992 with regard to the import of goods for the application of the tax on the added value; In view of the Royal Decree No 10 of 29 December1992 with regard to the exercise modalities of the choices referred to in Articles 15, §2, third paragraph, 21bis, § 2, 9 °, fourth paragraph, 25ter, § 1 , second paragraph, 2 °, second paragraphs and 44, § 3, 2 °, d), of the value of the added value, the starting of the starting, change, stopping of activity and the prior notifications regarding the tax o far the added value; in view of the Royal Decree No 22 of 15 September 1970 with regard to the special scheme for agricultural entrepreneurs on the added value of the added value; in view of the decree no. 24 of 29 December 1992 with regard to the payment of the tax overde added value; in view of the Royal Decree No 31 of 2 April 2002 with regard to the application modalities of the tax added value with regard to the actions of the actions by non -established taxpayers; in view of the Royal Decree no. 41 of 30 January 1987 establishing the amount of the proportional tax fines, the part of the tax on the added value was raised; in view of the Royal Decree no. 44 of July 9, 2012 determining the amount of the non-proportional tax fines on the piece of the value of the added value; in view of Royal Decree No 56 of 9 December2009 with regard to the refund on the added value of taxpayers affected in a Member State other than the Member State of refund; in view of the advice of the Finance Inspector , given on 25 May 2021; Having regard to the approval of the State Secretary for Budget, dated 31 May 2021; Having regard to the advice No 50/2021 of the Data Protection Authority, given on 22 April 2021; Having regard to advice No 69.432/3 of the Council of State, given on 21 June 2021 in application of Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 2 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12 1973; In view of the impact analysis of the regulations, corresponding articles 6 and 7 of the Act of 15 December 2013 containing various provisions regarding administration simplification; on the nomination of the Minister of Finance, we have decided: Article 1. This Royal Decree provides for the partial conversion of Directive (EU) 2017/2455 of the Council of 5 December 2017 to amend Directive 2006/112/EGen Directive 2009/132/EC with regard to certain VAT obligations for services and distance purchases. The Royal Decree provides Also in the partial conversion of Directive (EU) 2019/1995 of the Council of 21 November 2019 amending Directive 2006/112/EC with regard to deeptions on distance sales and certain domestic deliveries of goods. of Directive 2006/112/EC of the Council of28 November 2006 on the Common Ste Lsel of tax on added value.art.2. Article 16, § 1, of the Royal Decree Nr1 of December 29, 1992 with regard to deregeling for the payment of the added value, replaced by the Royal Decree of 19 December 2012 and amended by the Royal Decree of 24 January 2015, will be replaced: "Art. 16. § 1 . The taxpayers established in Belgium who provide services referred to in Article15, § 2, second paragraph, of the Code of goods or in Article 21bis, §2, 9 °, second paragraph, of the services referred to at any time for the benefit of the administration officials charged with the added value, per calendar year the total amount of their deliveries of goods and of their services that are eligible for the calculation of the in Articles 15, § 2, second paragraph, 3 °, and 21bis, § 2, 9 °, second member, c) of the thresholds referred to in the Code. If they form the object of an invoice, the actions referred to in the first paragraph are individually registered in the in article EL 14, §2, first paragraph, 3 °, the diary of receipts referred to, with indication of the nature of the goods or services sold, the measure of tax, the amount of the tax due and the Member State of arrival of the shipment or transport of the goods or where the recipient is located or has his place of residence or usual residence. ". Art. 3. In Article 18, § 7 of the same decision, replaced by the Royal Decree of 5 July 2015, the first paragraph will be replaced as follows: "§ 7. The taxpayers are obliged to submit the submission of the Articles 58ter, § 6 58Quater, § 6 and 58quinquies, § 6, of the Code of Code, use the declaration form of an electronic message of which the content is determined in Articles 58ter, §6, second and third paragraph, 58Quater, § 6, second to and with eighth paragraphs and 58quinquies, §6, second and third paragraph, of the Code. They send that message to the electronic address that was created by the Minister of Finance or his authorized representative. " 4. Article 26bis of the same decision, inserted by the Royal Decree of 15 July 2003 and replaced by the Royal Decree of 5 July 2015, will be replaced as follows: "Art. 26bis. § 1. The taxpayers referred to in Articles58ter and 58quater of the Code , to the exclusion of the taxpayers referred to in Article 54ter of the Code, accounting in the form of registers of deeds performed in the context of these special regulations, in accordance with paragraph of those provisions. In the registers referred to in the first paragraph, the taxpayer each operation The data referred to in Article 63 Quater, paragraph 1, of the Implementing Regulation (EU) No 282/2011 of the Council of 15 March 2011 establishing measures to implement Directive2006/112/EC on the common system of tax on the added value.§ 2. The taxpayers referred to in Article 58quinquies of the Code, with UI Ting the taxpayers referred to in Article 54ter of the Code, conduct an accounting in the form of a register of acts that are made in the context of this special regulation in accordance with paragraph 7 of that provision. action The data referred to in Article 63 Quater, paragraph 2, of the Implementing Regulation (EU) Nr. 282/2011 of the Council of 15 March 2011 establishing measures to implement Directive2006/112/EC on the common system of tax on the added value. When in Article 58quinquies, § 1, second paragraph, 2 °, of the Code The intermediary acts the name and at the expense of one or more taxpayers, he keeps such a register at the forefront of the taxpayers he represents. § 3. The persons referred to in Article 58sexies of the Code are conducting an accounting in the form of a register of the acts in the context of this special regulation, in accordance with paragraph 4 of that provision. for the account of the person for whom the goods are intended for the goods to the general administration of customs and excise duties, for each act on: 1 ° a sequence number; 2 ° the date of input or the period in which the import has taken place; 3 ° the name and the address of the addressee of the entered goods intended in Article 6 of the Royal Decree Nr7 of 29 December 1992 with regard to the import of goods for the purposes of the value of the added value; 4 ° the description of the goods entered; 5 ° the mention of the applicable rate, of the standard of levying and the amount of the amount due tax for each good in the shipment; 6 °, where appropriate, the mention of the applicable provision of the directive or the correspondence provision, or another mention that the delivery of goods or the provision of service is exempted; 7 ° the intrinsic value of the shipment in which the entered goods are located; 8 °, where appropriate, the date on which the customs declaration was canceled and the destination of the Goedendie were included in that cancellation declaration. The register referred to in the first paragraph request the administration is charged with the tax on the added value for inspection Electronic address indicated by the Minister of Finance or his authorized representative. ". Art.5. In the same decision, an Article 26ter is inserted, reading:" Art. 26ter. § 1. The taxpayer referred to in Article 54ter of the Code includes in the registers referred to in that article, for each delivery for which he acts in accordance with the conditions of Article 13bis of the Codes for each service performed by electronic way for which it acts in accordance with Article 9 Bisvan The Implementing Regulation (EU) No 282/2011 of the Council of 15 March 2011 on determining measures for the implementation of Directive 2006/112/EC concerning the common system of taxver, the added value, the in Article 63 of the Quater, paragraph 1 or 2, data on the aforementioned Implementation Regulation (EU) No 282/2011 on, if he has chosen to apply one of the special regulations in Articles 58ter, 58Quater and 58quinquies of the Code. §2. The taxpayer referred to in Article 54ter of the Code includes in the meaningers for each delivery in that article for which he acts in accordance with the conditions of Article 13bis of the Code of Code and for each service for electronic way for which he acts in accordance with 9 bis of the Implementing Regulation (EU ) No. 282/2011 of the Council of 15 March 2011 Contrary to measures to implement Directive 2006/112/EC on the joint system of value of the added value on the following information, if it has not been chosen one of the special regulations referred to in Articles 58ter, 58Quater and 58quinquies of the Code: 1 ° the Member State of consumption where the deliveries of goods or services are made; 2 ° the type of service or description and quantity of the goods; 3 ° the date on which the delivery of the goods or the service was performed; 4 ° the benchmark f of levy with mention of the currency used; 5 ° later increases or reductions of the taxable tax; 6 ° the VAT rate applied; 7 ° the debted VAT amount stating the currency used; 8 ° the date and amount of the Payments received; 9 ° any advance payments received before the delivery of goods or the service has been carried out; 10 ° if an invoice is issued, the data provided on the invoice with regard to services, the data for the place to be determined value of the customer established is or has his place of residence or usual place of residence, and with regard to goods, the data to determine the place where the shipment or transport of the goods to the customer starts and ends; 12 ° any proof of any proof of any return of goods, including the measure of levying and the applied VAT rate; 13 ° the order number or the unique number of the delivery of goods; 14 ° the unique shipping number Wanne there that taxable rights are involved in the delivery. § 3. The taxpayer in Article 54ter of the Code is, for any act other other than referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2, Dein Article 54 Quater, paragraph 2, of the Executive Regulation (EU) No 282/2011 of the Council of 15 March2011 containing measures for the implementation of Directive 2006/112/EC on the joint system of tax on added value on. § 4. Each member of a VAT unit within the meaning of Article 4, § 2, of the Code keeps track of the registers referred to in paragraphs and 3 for the actions concerning him. § 5. The registered inpares 1 to 3 are submitted electronically on request at the request of the tax administration of the Member States where the actions take place. ". Art. 6. In Article9 of the Royal Decree Nr4 of December 29, 1969 With regard to the reimbursements regarding the added value, replaced by the Royal Decree of 15 May 1984 and last amended by the Royal Decree of 5 July 2015, the following changes are made: 1 ° paragraph 2 is replaced as follows : "§ 2. If the person entitled to a refund is a taxpayer established outside the Community who is not identified in Belgium for VAT purposes or a non-taxable legal person who is not established in Belgium and there is no taxable performance of action other than the intra-Community acquisition of new means of transport as referred to in Article8bis, § 2, of the Code, he must submit a refund application to the SME Center specific materials. The application must go to that official, in three copies, no later than 30 September of the calendar year following the period on which the refund request relates. On the application for refund WOR DT not discussed if it relates to an amount of less than 50 euros. "; 2 ° paragraph 3 is canceled.Art. 7. In the same decision, an Article 9bis is inserted, reading: "Art. 9bis. § 1. By way of derogation from Article 9, each taxpayer may use one of the special regulations referred to in Title XII, Chapter 6, of the Directive2006/112/ EG, excluding the taxpayers obliged to submit the declaration referred to in Article 53, § 1, first paragraph, 2 °, the taxes raised of the goods and services provided to his own goods and services provided with those special Regulation, recovering by way of refund according to the modalities set in this article.§ 2. If the beneficiary is established in Belgium on the refund referred to in paragraph 1, he must submit an application for a refund charged with the competent service of the administration with the tax on the added value under which he is resorting. The application is sent to this service in two copies before the third party expires Calendar year following that in which the cause of the refund occurred. If the person entitled is located on the recovery of paragraph 1 not in Belgium but in another Member State, he must be requested for refund in accordance with the provisions of Royal Decree No 56 of 9 December 2009 with regard to the refund on the added value added value To taxpayers established in one other Member State than the Member State of refund. When the beneficiary is not established in the Community in paragraph 1 intended in paragraph 1, he submits an application for refund at Hetkmo Center specific matters. The application will be sent in three copies to this service no after 30 September of the calendar year following the period to which the refund request relates. The application for a refund is not discussed when it relates to an amount of less than 50 euros. § 3. The Minister of Finance or his authorized representative determines the form of the applications for refund, the documents to be submitted and the modalities of the refunds. ". Art.8. In Article 5, § 1, of the Royal Decree No 7 of December 29, 1992 with regard to the import of goods for the purposes of the added value added, replacement with the Royal Decree of 13 June 2013, the words "Article 58sexies of the Code and" Inserting in between "and the provisions of" and The words "the paragraphs 2 and 3" .Art. 9In Article6, § 2, of the same decision, last amended by the Royal Decree of 20 February2004, the following changes are made: 1 ° In the first paragraph, the words "or overdoor" are always lifted; 2 ° in the second paragraph the words are the words "Seller or transferor" always replaced by the word "supplier"; 3 ° The paragraph is supplemented with a member, reading: "Contrary to the first and the second paragraph, the addressee is: 1 ° the supplier for the import of other goods Then excise products, in shipments with an intrinsic value of more than 150 euros, performed for a distance sale of goods or third -country entered from third -country areas or third -country entered into a Member State other than Belgium; 2 ° Devere Wijger for the import of goods other than excise products, in shipments With an intrinsic value of no more than 150 euros, for the benefit of a distance sale of goods or third countries entered from third -country areas or third countries when the person at the expense of the person for whom the goods intended applies the goods to the general administration of customs and excise duties, uses the special regulation referred to in Article 58sexies of the Code; 3 ° the supplier for the entry of goods other than excise products, in shipments with an intrinsic value of not more than 150 euros, performed for a distance sale of goods or third -country landing goods when the person at the account of the person for whom the goods are intended goods at the general administration of the customs and excise duties does not use the special regulation referred to in Article 58sexies of the Code and when the special regulation intended in Article 58quinquies of the Code is not applied. ". Art. 10. Article 7, §1, of the same decision, most recently amended by the Royal Decree of 24 January 2015, is filled with a member: "In the situations referred to in Article 58sexies of the Code, the application of the special regulation referred to in that provision is the subject of a mention with the electronic system for submitting customs declarations that the General administration pan The customs and excise duties used to accept declarations for consumption. ". Art. 11. In Article 9, § 1, first paragraph, of the same decision, the words "in Article 7, §2" are replaced by the words "in Article 7, § 1, third paragraph or § 2" .Art. 12. Article18 of the same decision, replaced by the Royal Decree of 29 June 2015, will be canceled.art.13. In the heading of the Royal Decree No 10 of 29 December 1992 with regard to the exercise modalities of the choices referred to in Articles 15, § 2, third paragraph, 21bis, § 2, 9 °, fourth paragraph, 25ter, § 1, second paragraph, 2 °, second paragraph and 44, § 3, 2 °, d), of the Tax about the value of the added value, the declaration of the start, change, stopping of activity and the previous declarations regarding the value added value , last amended by the Royal Decree of 7 November 2019, the words "15, § 2, third paragraph" will be replaced by the words "15, § 2, fourth paragraph" .Art. 14. Article 7 of the same Decree, most recently amended by the Royal Decree of 28 June 2019, will be replaced as follows: "Art. 7. § 1. Everyone only established in Belgium, who uses the special regulation referred to in Article 58quater van the Code and that carried out intra -Community distance sales from goods from Belgium, the total amount of which is, of which the total amount, excluding VAT, together with the total amount, excluding VAT, of the services referred to in Article 21bis, § 2, 9 °, second paragraph, b), of the Code, times -to -do previous and current calendar year has not exceeded the threshold of 10,000 euros, it is used to choose to determine the place of the intra -Community distance -purchasing of goods from Belgium in the Member State of arrival of the shipment or transport of the goods. The in the first Member of the choice goes into: 1 ° When the taxpayer Debijzoral Regulation referred to in Article 58quater has not yet used: on the day that the special regulation is applied in accordance with Article 57 Quinquies of the Implementing Regulation (EU) No 282/2011 of the Council of 15 March 2011 establishing measures to implement Directive 2006/112/ego relevant tax on the tax on the added value; 2 °, the taxpayer already used the special regulation referred to in Article 58quater of the Code: from the first intra -Community distance sale of goods performed by the taxpayer from Belgium or the first service provided by the taxpayer referred to in Article 21bis, §2, 9 ° , second paragraph, b), of the CodeIn the cases that the taxpayer that special settlement applies before 1 July 2021, the choice starts on that date. The choice referred to in the first paragraph applies until 31 December of the second year following the date referred to in paragraph or third paragraph However, the choice continues to apply as long as the taxpayer of the regulation referred to in Article 58quater of the Code makes an end to the day that the taxpayer does not use the special regulation. This choice also applies to determine the location of the service intended in Article 21bis, § 2, 9 °, second paragraph, b), of the Code in the Member State where the recipient of the service is established or where it has his place of residence or usual residence. § 2. Any taxable person based exclusively in Belgium, who does not make use of the special regulation referred to in Article 58quater of the Code, which carried out intra -Community distance purchases of goods from Belgium, the total amount of which is, excluding VAT, together with the total amount of VAT, of the services referred to in Article 21bis, § 2, 9 °, second paragraph, b), of the Code, during the foregoing and the current calendar year, did not exceed the threshold of 10,000 euros and that chooses the location of the intra -Community remote sale that he performed in The Member State of arrival of the shipment or transport of the goods, the service of the administration charges the value of the added value under which he resorts to be ordered to pay that choice. This shipment states: 1 ° the name or the social name of the taxpayer and the address of his administrative head seat or the size reasonable seat as well as the identification number assigned to him by the Member State of Identification, for the purposes of the value of the added value; 2 ° the Member States of arrival of the goods sent or transported at the destination of which the taxpayer performs the acts referred to in the first paragraph; 3 ° The date as well as the name and capacity of the signer. The choice made in accordance with the first paragraph starts on the date of registered shipment and applies until 31 December of the second year that follows on that date. This choice also applies to determine the location of the services referred to in Article 21bis, § 2, 9 °, second paragraph, b), of the Code where the recipient is established or where he has his place of residence or usual residence. § 3. The taxpayer feed referred to in paragraph 2 in accordance with the modalities of the communication of the choice referred to in paragraph 2, first paragraph, of the exceedance of the threshold of 10,000 euros, referred to in Article 15, §2, second paragraph, 3 °, of the Code, from the first act, considered in its entirety, as a result of which the threshold was exceeded and from the date from when that exceeding took place. However, the taxpayer dismissed that statement when such a statement was submitted in the course of the previous calendar year Or if in the course of one of the two preceding calendar years or has made the choice referred to in this article in the current calendar year. The Minister VanFinanciën or his authorized representative determines the form and the way in which the statement is made. "Art.15. Article 7ter of the same decision, inserted by the Royal Decree of 7 November 2019, will be replaced as follows: "Art. 7Ter § 1. Any taxable person who only established in Belgium, who uses the special regulations referred to in Article 58quater of the Code and who provided in Article21bis, § 2, 9 °, second paragraph, b) of the services of which the of which the Total amount, excluding VAT, together with the total amount, excluding VAT, from the intra -Community distance -sales of goods from Belgium, in the previous and current calendar year, the threshold of 10,000 euros is not considered to choose to determine the location of those services in the Member State Value The customer is established or where it has its place of residence or usual place of residence. The choice referred to in the first paragraph goes into: 1 ° When the taxpayer does not yet use the special regulation intention in Article 58quater: on the day the special regulation of Application of ISCIRATIVE Article 57 Quinquies of the Implementing Regulation (EU) Nr282/2011 of the Council of 15 -March 2011 establishing measures to implement Directive 2006/112/EC on the common system of value added value; 2 ° if the taxpayed special regulation referred to in Article 58quater of the Code already uses: from the first taxpayer service referred to in Article 21bis, § 2, 9 °, second paragraph, b), of the Code or the first by the taxable person from Belgium carried out intra -Community distance sale of goods. In the cases that the taxpayer applies that special regulation before July 1, 2021, the choice starts on that date. The choice referred to in the first paragraph applies until 31 December of the second year following the second or third paragraph. The choice remains applicable as long as the taxpayer of the Inserter Regulation in Article 58quater uses the meaning scheme and takes an end to the day that the taxpayer no longer uses the special arrangement. This choice also applies to determine the location of the intra -Community distance sales of goods carried out by the taxpayer. § 2. Every taxpayer established exclusively in Basalgia who does not use the special regulation that services referred to in Article 21bis, § 2, 9 °, second paragraph, b) of the Code of the Code, of which the total amount , excluding VAT, together with the total amount, excluding VAT, from the intra -Community distance sales of goods from Belgium, in the previous and living -alternating agendal year the threshold of 10,000 euros has not exceeded and that chooses to determine the location of these services in the Member State where the recipient of the service is located or where it has its place of residence or usual residence, the service of the administration is responsible for the tax on the added value under which it will be resorted by registered shipment of that choice. This mission states: 1 ° the name or the social name of the taxpayer the address of his administrative headquarters or social seat as well as the identification number of him was granted for the purposes of the value added value under Article50 of the Code; 2 ° the Member State or the Member States where the services take place in accordance with article 21bis, § 2, 9 °, first paragraph, of the Code; 3 ° the date as well as the name and the quality of the signer. The choice made in accordance with the first paragraph go in the date of the registered mail and applies until 31 December of the second year that follows on that date. This choice also applies to determine the location of the intra -Community -range -purchasing of goods from Belgium in the Member State of arrival of the shipment or the transport of the goods. § 3. The taxpayer referred to in paragraph 2 performs Died Services referred to in Article 21bis, § 2, 9 °, second paragraph, b), of the Code, makes the modalities of the announcement referred to in paragraph 2, first and second declarations paragraph, of the exceeding of the threshold of 10,000 euros referred to in Article 21bis, § 2, 9 °, second member, c), of the Code, from the first act, in its entirety, as a result of which the threshold is overrun and from the date from If that exceeded took place, however, the taxpayer is dismissed from that statement if such a statement was submitted in the course of the previous calendar year or if he made the choice referred to in this article in the course of one of the two preceding calendar years or in the current calendar year, referred to in this article, Including the Keuzuzijten under this article in the version applicable before 1 July 2021. The Minister of Finance or his authorized representative determines the form and the way W. on the statement is made. ". Art. 16. In Article 2, § 3, of the Royal Decree No 22 of 15 September 1970 with regard to the special regulation for agricultural entrepreneurs on the added value added, inserted by the Royal Decree of 14 April 1993 and replaced by the Royal Decree of 30 April 2013, the words "deliveries of goods are performed under the conditions of Article 15, §§2 and 3," replaced by the words "intra -Community distance sales of goods performed under the conditions of Article 15, § 2,". Art. 17. Article 4ter of the same decision, inserted by the Royal Decree of 14 April 1993 and replaced by the Royal Decree of 30 April 2013, will be canceled. Art. 18In Article 5bis, second paragraph, of the same decision, inserted with the Royal Decree of 14 April 1993 and amended by the Royal Decree of 9 December 2009, the words "9, §§ 2 and 3," are replaced by the words "9, § 2, 9bis ". Art.19. In the Royal Decree No 24 of 29 December 1992 with regard to the payment of the taxver, the added value, most recently amended by the Royal Decree of 9 December 2019, the inscription of section 1 is replaced as follows: "Section 1. - Payments on The accounts of "VAT receptions", "collection and collection", "Inning Netp" and "Mini One Stop Shop - VAT BE" ". Art.20. In Section 1 of the same decision, the inscription of subsection 3 is inserted by the Royal Decree of 15 July 2003 and of which the inscription has been replaced by the Royal Decree of 5 July 2015, replaced as follows: "Subsection 3. - Payment on the mail account" Inning Netp "". Art.21. Article 13bis of the same decision, inserted by the Royal Decree of 15 July 2003 and replaced by the Royal Decree of 5 July 2015, will be replaced as follows: "Art. 13bis. The payment of the tax referred to in Articles 58ter, § 6, fourth paragraph , 58Quater, § 6, four -off member and 58quinquies, § 6, fourth paragraph, of the Code of which the claimability is apparent from the declaration parented in Articles 58ter, § 6, 58quater, § 6 and 58quinquies, § 6, of the Code is done on the Postal account BE32 6792 0036 3402 of "Inning Netp". The payment by the debtor of the tax on the mail account is made by deposit or transfer with mention of the structured communication that was brought to the knowledge of the administration. She has elaborated the date determined in accordance with article 4, § 1. ". Art. 22. In Section 1 of the Self -Decree, the heading of Subsection 4, inserted by the Royal Decree of 5 July 2015, is replaced as follows: "Subsection 4. - Payment on the mail account of" Mini One Stop Shopbas "". Art. 23. Article 13ter of the same decision, inserted by the Royal Decree of 5 July 2015, will be replaced as follows: "Art. 13ter. The payment of the tax referred to in Articles 58ter, § 5, third paragraph and 58quater, § 5, fourth paragraph , of the Code of which the claimability appears from the declaration referred to in Articles 58ter, § 5 and 58quater, §5, of the Code, as these provisions apply up to and including 30 June 2021, with regard to a period prior to 1 July 2021 , it is done on the post account BE78 6792 0036 2186 of "Mini One Stop Shop - VAT BE". While a declaration referred to in Articles 58ter, §5 and 58Quater, § 5, of the Code, as these provisions apply up to and by 30 June2021, it will be submitted from 1 July 2021 and relates to a period that this date precedes, the payment of the tax is made to the postal account stated in the first paragraph. If improvements are made to a declaration regarding a t IT prior to 1 July2021, which means that tax is deposited to the treasury, the payment is also made to the post account provided for this in the first paragraph. ". 24. Article 1 of the Royal Decree No.31 of 2 April 2002 with regard to the scope of the tax on the added value with regard to the acts performed by not -based taxpayers, most recently amended by the Royal Decree of 7 November 2019, will be replaced as follows: "Art. 1.§ 1. The taxpayer not established in Belgium who, in accordance with Article 55, § 1 or § 2 of the Code, has a liable representative recognized, a request for the SME center specific matters in which he has the full identity states of the liability representative who he charged the administration with the added value for recognition proposal. The request is submitted on a form that is made at the SME center specific materials and whose model is determined by the Finance Minister his delegate. This request accompanies the A Angry declaration of the start of activity prescribed by Article 53, § 1, first paragraph, 1 °, of the Code, at least if the taxpayer not established in Belgium was not already identified for VAT purposes in Belgium. established taxpayer and the liability representative knowledge of the recognition. At the same time, to the extent to which the taxpayer has not been identified for VAT purposes in Belgium, the SME center specific matters, as well as to its liable representative, also informs him of the identification number for the added value that he has been assigned. § 2If a taxable person who is not subject to the tax in Belgium has been assigned an identification number, wants to delete the recognition of his liability representative but continues his efficacy here in the country, or wants to replace his liability representative with another, he makes a declaration at the SME Center Specialmateries. The liability of The liable representative whose recognition has been withdrawn or that is being replaced is limited under those circumstances to the actions performed by the taxpayer not established in Belgium until the date of acceptance by the administration of the request that the object of that declaration is made. "Art. 25. In Article 2, § 2, of the Self-Decree, the words "Central VAT office for foreign taxpayers" are always replaced by the words "SME in specific matters" .Art. 26. In the same decision, an Article2bis is inserted, "Art. 2bis. Prior to his identification, the intermediary intended in Article 58quinquies, § 3, first paragraph, of the Code, is obtained on the basis of the declaration referred to in this provision a recognition of the SME Center specific matters. The SMO Center specific materials states the first paragraph Intermediary knowledge of the recognition and at the same time informs him of the identification number for the added value that he has been assigned, as well as the number assigned to the taxpayer or taxpayers for whom he has been appointed, in accordance with Article 58quinquies, § 4, second and third paragraph , of the Code. ". Art.27. Article 3 of the same decision, amended by the Royal Decree of 17 March 2019, will be replaced:" Art. 3. § 1. The liable representative or the person referred to in Article 2 referred to in Article 1 is capable of entering into contracts, established in Belgium is accepted to represent the taxpayer. The intermediary is skilled in Article 2bis to enter into contracts is established in Belgium and accepts to fulfill the obligations in the name and for the account of the taxpayer that provides the special regulation of the special regulation in Article 58quinquies. § 2. To ensure the recovery of all -contributions that could be paid to taxes, fines, ignorance interests and costs, or the intermediary requirements, or the intermediary requirements, is requested. Certainty can consist of a guarantee in speciën , a bail in effects or a personal guarantee of an insurance company, from a bank or a private savings greenhouse that may carry out their activities in Belgium. § 3. The amount of the certainty in paragraph 2 is set at ten pCt. of the balance of the tax due for a period of twelve calendar months resulting from the declaration of the Code of the Code is referred to in articles 53, § 1, first paragraph, 58ter, § 6, 58Quater, § 6 and 58quinquies, § 6, of the Code book submitted during the preceding calendar year: 1 ° by the person who is not subject to the liable representative referred to in Article 1 in Belgium, 2 ° for the whole of the taxpayers represented in the previously recognized person referred to in article 2; 3 ° by the intermediary referred to in the intermediary Article 2bis with regard to that intermediary. When such a reference is missing to the tax due in the first paragraph, the amount of certainty is provisionally determined by the administration on the basis of the estimates of the liable representative, of the previously recognized person or the intermediary. It will be definitively resolved at the latest on 30 April of the following year in accordance with the modalities in the first paragraph. When a previously recognized person has two global numbers, the amount of certainty is determined for the whole of The actions performed among the two numbers and can be used without distinction, in part or partly, to guarantee the collection of the amounts due for deactions performed under one or the other of these two numbers. The amount of the agreement first to third paragraph Determined certainty may not be lower than 7,500 euros and not higher than a million euros. The amount of certainty is determined for a period that ends top 31 December of the second year that follows the year in which the certainty was determined.§ 4The liable representative referred to in Article 1, the person referred to in Article 2 or the intermediary referred to in Article 2bis may request a revision of the amount of certainty at the end of the period referred to in paragraph 3, paragraph 5, in function, the balance of the tax due in paragraph 3, first paragraph, when the set difference in that balance entails a reduction in the amount of that certainty. DEMOCTIONS RESIDENTATIONS RESIDENTIALS at the end of the paragraph 3 in paragraph 3, fifth paragraph , referred to in function of the balance of the tax due in paragraph 3, first -line member, when the determined difference in that balance entails an increase in the amount of this security. The amount of certainty is not revised when the difference between The amounts to be taken are less than 10 pCt. is. ". Art. 28. Article 7 of the Self -Decree, most recently amended by the Royal Decree of 22 March 2010, will be replaced as follows:" Art.7. § 1. The taxable person who is not established in the Community who is not identified in Belgium for VAT-purposes in accordance with Article 50, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, a) of the Code, can be refunded of the tax levied raised from the goods delivered to him, of the services provided and of the introduction in the interior he has performed, provided that an application for a refund is served at the SME center specific matters. However, he cannot obtain a refund of the taxes of the acts he has performed or that was provided to him in the interior of the VAT identification number that was assigned to a previously recognized person referred to in Article 2 in accordance with Article 50, § 3, of the Code, , § 1. § 2. Every taxpayer established in Belgium who has been identified in Belgium for VAT purposes in accordance with article 50, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, a) of the Code under the fact that it uses the special regulation In Article 58quater of the Code, refund of the tax can be raised of the goods delivered to him, of the services provided to him and to introduce the Doorhem in the interior, provided that an application for a refund is submitted to the KMeCentrum specific matters. § 3. The application will be sent in three copies to the service referred to in Deparakrafen 1 and 2, no later than 30 September of the calendar year following the period to which the refund request relates to. The Minister of Finance or his authorized representative determines the form of the application for refund , the pieces to be transferred and the modalities of the refund. § 4. The refund takes into account the bank details stated in the application referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2. The bank costs For the transaction of the refund, the amount that is subject to refund can be deducted from the refund. The manner described in the first paragraph is made by means of one -post assignation in the name of the beneficiary on a refund. § 5. The application is not discussed if it relates to an amount of less than 50 euros. ". Art.29. in Section 1 of Table G of the Annex to Royal Decree No 41 of 30 January 1987 Topening Of the amount of the proportional tax fines on the part of the tax -over the added value, inserted by the Royal Decree of 21 October 1993 and last amended by the Royal Decree of 29 March 2021, the caption of section Ibis is replaced as follows: "Ibis . tenth day of the second month that follows on the calendar quarter for which the aforementioned declaration was submitted. ". Art.30. In section 2 of Table G of the appendix to the same decision, entered GD At the Royal Decree of 21 October 1993 and most recently amended by the Royal Decree of 17 March 2019, the following changes will be made: 1 ° in section VIII, the fifth point is replaced as follows: "5. Infringements in connection with the unlawful application or invocation of the revenue regulation intention in Article 5, § 3, of the Royal Decree No 7 of 29 December 1992 with regard to the import of goods for the purposes of the added value.le Montant des Taxes Dues Pour Une Période Contrôléed'un an (10) EST: The amount of the tax due for a controlled Periodevan one year (10) is: 5 p.c. de la taxe pour laquelle le report a été appliqué ou utiliséà tort - inférieur Égal to 1250 EUR 5 pCt. of the tax for which the release regulation uniformly applied or invoked - less than or equal to EUR 1,250 10p.c. de la taxe pour laquelle le report a été appliqué ou utilisé à tort "; - supérieur à 1,250 EUR10 pCt. Of the tax for which the reverse offense scheme was applied or invoked" - more than 1,250 EUR (10) Lorsque La Période Etrôlée Contrôlée Contrôlée Contrôlée Contrôlée Contrôlée Contrôlée ou Supérieureà un and an, Le Montant The 1,250 EUR Diminué ou augmenté proportion nellation. (10) If the auditory chorer or longer than one year, the amount of EUR 1,250 is proportionally reduced or increased.2 ° the caption of section IX is replaced as follows : "IX. Violations with regard to the exemptions referred to in Article 40, § 1, 1 °, 1 ° bis and 2 °, and §4, of the Code"; 3 ° a section IXbis is inserted, reading: "IXBIS. Défaut De Paiement, and Tout ou and Partie, Ou Paiement Tardifdes Taxes Des dont l'Exigibilité résulte du dépôt de la Déclaration visée à l'Articles 58sexies, §3, du code et qui residue of mois qui-septième la la période à laquelle la déclarationse report † 10 P.C. de la Taxe Due "." Ixbis. Entire or partial non-payment or late payment of the tax due for which the claimability is evident from the submitted declaration referred to in Article 58sexies, § 3, of the Code and which still remains owed on the seventeenth day of the month that follows the period on which the declaration. 10 pCt. of the degradation ". Art. 31. In section 1 of the annex to the Royal Decree 44 of 9 July 2012, determining the amount of the non-proportional tax fines withdrawing the tax on the added value, most recently amended by The Royal Decree of 11 December 2019, the heading of section II will be replaced as follows: "II. Returned in Articles 53ter, 1 °, 58ter, § 6, 58Quater, § 6, and 58quinquies, §6, of the Code and in Article 18, § 7, second paragraph, of the Royal Decree No 1 and Article2, first paragraph, of the Royal Decree no. 14 ".Art. 32. Article 2, § 1, 2 °, of the Royal Decree No 56 of 9 December 2009 with regard to the refund of the added value of taxpayers established in another Member State then the Member State supplemented with the provision under c), reading: "c) Deliveries of goods or services for which the taxpayer uses the special regulation referred to in Title XII, Chapter6, Section 3 or 4, of the 2006/112/112 Directive Eg. ". Art. 33. Article 25, § 1, 5 °, of the same decision, is supplemented with the provision under c), reading:" c) Deliveries of goods or services for which the taxpayer uses one of the special regulations in the Articles 58quater or 58quinquies van He T Code; ". Art. 34. This Decree comes into effect on 1 July 2021. In deviation from the first paragraph, Article 27 of the current Decree on 1 October 2021.Art. 35. The minister competent for finance is charged with the implementation of this decision.brussel, 29 June 2021.filip of Koningswege: Deminister of Finance, v. Van Peteghem