Publication: 2021-02-25Numac: 2021020393federal Public Service Home Affairs 3 November 2019.-Act amending the Code on the added value to conversion of Directive (EU) 2019/475 and Directive (EU) 2018/1910.- German translation following text is the German translation of the law of 3 November 2019 amending the Code of the added value to convert Directive (EU) 2019/475 and Directive (EU) 2018/1910 (Belgian Official Gazette of 13November 2019, Err. of 27 December 2019).Publication: 2021-02-18Numac: 2021020417 Flemish government12 February 2021.-Decision of the Flemish Government amending the decision of the Flemish Government of 13 November 2020 regulating a general and selective subsidy for the organizers of childcare and extracurricular care and of Measures for families in childcare and out-of-school care following the consequences of the COVID-19 virus, with regard to a change in the subsidy calculation and condition for the organizers of extracurricular right of reception rights decisions based on:-the decree of 30 April 2004 establishing the internal independence with legal personality Growing up director, Article 5, § 2, 2а, a), inserted by the decree of 1 March 2019, and Article 12, amended by the decrees of 1 March 2019 and 3 May 2019;-hetet Decree of 20 April 2012 containing the organization of childcare of babies and toddlers, article10, 3а, and Article 12, § 1, two the paragraph, and § 3, inserted by the Decree of 15 July2016. Formwere formal requirements were fulfilled:- The budget agreement was requested on 10 February 2021.- No advice was requested from the Council of State, meter application of Article 3, § 1, of the laws on the Council of State, co -rdinated on January 12 ,1973. There is an urgent necessity because since the end of January 2021 other variants of the COVID19 virus have been in circulation, which are more contagious in young children than the first variant. The test strategy children has changed. This clearly results in many more established infections. As a result, there are repeated schools in part or completely closed in the last two weeks. The competent Flemish ministers have called on all children to practice but after -school activity. There are also multi -children in quarantine or insulation. The federal ministerial decision of 29 January 2021sting to amend the ministerial decision of 28 October 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the COVID-19 Coronavirus determines for the crocus holiday that the groups in the reception may count a maximum of 25 children. For the organizers of out -of -school care. Not every organizer experiences the same number of effects. The impactis depends on local infections of the virus and on the way in which the organizers work. Summer organizers work as standard with groups of up to 25 children. Depending on the organizers experience, their calls sounds to make more differentiation in the subsidy amount possible, much stronger. The one -sided and general percentage that the Flemish Minister, competent for well -being, public health, family and poverty alleviation, determines for a full month, does the impact do not sufficiently catch a sudden decrease in the occupation of a specific shelter because there are a lot of children in quarantine mills there to go. The lack of the prospect of sufficient compensation in order to deal with such situations financially increases the unrest in the sector of extracurricular care. From 1 February 2021, this Decree provides for the articles that make it possible for differentiated compensation for organizers with an extremely reduced occupation. That is in favor of the organizers that they can use this new mechanism for the lower occupation in the month of February, which they can request from March. Clarity about this is needed for the sector. This decision must be taken urgently so that organizers have a view of how they can request a higher compensation in the event of an extreme lot. For that reason, this decision is not first submitted to Deraad van State. InitiativedemerDit Decree is proposed by the Vlaamseminister of Welzijn, Public Health, Family and Poverty List. After deliberation, Devlamic Government Decree: Article 1. To Article 11 of the Decree of the Flemish Government Van 13 November 2020 regulating a general and selective subsidy for the organizers of childcare of out-of-school care and measures for families in childcare and out-of-school care following the consequences of the COVID-19 virus, a fourth and fifth paragraph are added , who read as follows: "The organizer of out -of -school care can receive a subsidy as a substantive in accordance with the third paragraph for a higher percentage places than the percentage determined in accordance with the third paragraph in his application that the difference between an occupation of 80% and the effective realized occupation percentage in the month in question is greater Then the percentage that the ministerial determined in accordance with the third paragraph and that this is the direct consequence of the COVID-19 epidemicIf the difference is greater, the established difference between an 80% occupation and the effective realization entitlement to the percentage of the agency the subsidy pays. To calculate the effective occupation percentage, stated in the fourth paragraph, uses the organizational instrument that the agency Ter status. ". Art. 2. In Article 12 of the same decision, the phrase" The conditions stated in Article 7 "is replaced by the followingzin section:" All the following conditions: 1а The Organizer is subject to a mandatory decision, to a target group restriction or is confronted with the closure of one or more schools from which the organizer normally takes care of students; 2а the conditions stated in Article7, 2а and 3а. ".Art. 3. In Article 13 of the same decision, between the words "of devpled reception location" and the word "is" the phrase "or in the event of the closure of all schools and this means that there is no child care is necessary, "inserted.art 4. In article 14, second paragraph, of the same decision, the words" or partial closure of the reception location "are replaced by the phrase", of a partial closure of the reception location or of a more significant occupation that the The result is of the closure of one or more schools whose organizer normally takes care of students, ". Art. 5. In Article 15 of the same decision, the following changes are made: 1а A point 4а is added to the fourth paragraph, which reads:" 4ip the completed calculation instrument stated in Article 11, paragraph 5, if that is application. " "The mandatory closure, the target group restriction or the closure of the schools"; 3а in the fifth paragraph, 3а, the words "target group restriction or partially obliged closure" are replaced by the phrase "a target group restriction, of a partial mandatory decision or of some significantly lower occupation which is the result of the closure of one or more schools "; 4аin the fifth paragraph, 4а, between the words" full mandatory closure "and the phrase": the number "the words" or the absence of reception questions due to a closure of All schools "inserted; 5аin the fifth paragraph, 5а, the words" the mandatory closure or the target group restriction "are replaced by the phrase" the mandatory closure, the target group restriction or the closure of the schools ".Art.6. In Article 16 of the same decision, the following changes are made: 1а In the following paragraph, the word "pays" is replaced by the word "decided"; 2а in the third member the phrase "The subsidy amounts stated in Article 5, first paragraph, 1а , of this Decree, "Hallrated; 3аin The fourth paragraph, the word" pays "is replaced by the word" decided "; 4а in hetvierde paragraph, the phrase" the subsidy amounts stated in Article 5, first paragraph, 2а and 3а, article11 is , first paragraph, 3а and 4а, Article 13, 3а and 4а, and Article 14, second paragraph, 3а and 4а, of this Decree, "lifted; 5а In the fourth paragraph, the phrase is" delivered, to "replaced by the words "Delivered to". "Art. 7. Articles 1 to 5 have elaboration with effect from 1 February 2021.Art.8. The Flemish Minister, competent for growing up, is responsible for the implementation of this decision.brussel, 12 February 2021. The Prime Minister of the Flemish Government, j. Jambondevlamic Minister of Welfare, Public Health, Family and poverty reduction, w. Beverage