Publication: 2021-05-05NUMAC: 2021031379Brussels-Capital Region30 April 2021.-Decree of the Brussels-Capital Government amending the decision of the Brussels-Capital Government of 15 April 2021 on the support of the companies of the discos, the restaurants and Cafés and some of their suppliers, the events, culture, tourism and sport in the context of the Health Crisis Covid-19th Brussels-capital Government, in view of the ordinance of 3 May 2018 on the support for the Deconomic Development of Enterprises, Articles 28 and 30; Given the Decree of the Brussels -Capital Government of 15 April 2021 on the support of the companies of the discos of the discos, the restaurants and cafés and some of their suppliers, the events, culture, tourism and sport in the context of the health crisis COVID-19, Article 4; Given Article 2, § 3, 5 °, of the Ordinance of n 4 October 2018 in the introduction of the equalance test; Given the urgent necessity; whereas the COVID-19 Health crisis has significant economic consequences for many companies; that a technical change in the regulations is needed to guarantee the same treatment of the companies; of the Minister of Economics, after deliberation, decision: Chapter 1. - General provisions article1. In Article 4 of the Decree of the Brussels -Capital Government of 15 April 2021, the support of the companies of the discos, the restaurants and cafés and some Vanhun suppliers, the events, culture, tourism and sport in the context of The Health Crisiscovid-19, the third paragraph is replaced as follows: "The first and second paragraphs are not vital on: 1 ° The beneficiaries of the premiums referred to in chapters 3 and 5 registered in the CBE from 1 October 2019; 2 ° the beneficiaries of the premium referred to in Chapter 4 registered in the KBO from 1 April 2019. ". Art. 2. This decision has elaboration with effect from 19 April2021.Art. 3. The minister is responsible for the economy charged with the implementation of this decision.brussel, 30 April 2021. For the Brussels-Capital Government: the Prime Minister of Brussels-Capital Government. Vervoorte Minister of the Brussels -Capital Government Agency for Economy, a. MaronPublication: 2021-05-06numac: 2021031393 Flemish government23 April 2021.-Decree of the Flemish Government for taking urgent and temporary measures in education as a result of the COVID-19 crisis with regard to the integrated tests and qualification tests, the delay To submit learning plans, maintaining the status of married or independent student, extending subsidies for the projects 'language-stimulating activities' and 'reading at school' and the budget control on additional lessons, teaching hours and hours teacher for the remedy of Pupils who have laughed at Learning by COVID-19 REGUSTENDITT Decree is based:- The Codex Secondary Education of 17 December 2010, ratified by the Decree of 27 MEI 2011, Article 115/6, § 2, second paragraph, 1 °, Article 147/3, § 1, third paragraph and art 336, § 3;- the decree on the student finance of the Flemish Community of 8 June 2007, amended by the Decree of 22 March 20 19, Article 34, § 3.- The Act of May 19, 2003 establishing the general provisions that apply to the budgets, the control of the subsidies and for the accounting of the communities and the regions, as well as the audit by the Court of Audit , articles 11 to 14; - the Decree of 29 March 2019 -concerning the Flemish Codex Public Financiën, Chapter 8; - the decree of 20 December 2019-concerned the general expenditure budget of the Flemish Community for the financial year 2020, article11;- the decree of 5 March 2021 granting extra lessons, teaching hours and hours-teachers for the remedialization of students who have destroyed learning disadvantaged by COVID- 19, Article 5. Formal requirements are fulfilled:- The Finance Inspectorate provided an advice on 3-March 2021.- The Flemish Minister, competent for the budget, has given his agreement on March 18, 2021.- There is a request for emergency treatment to the council of State submitted, motivated by the fact that a number of necessary adjustments at the level of implementation decisions impose. This concerns measures in various areas that are explained in the article -by -article discussion. The schemes are urgent because the estimates, as described in the memorandum to the Flemish government, are still difficult to make a long time in advance, given the unknown course of the Depandemie and in view of time limits in a regulatory process easily take a few months. Retraining and students the opportunity to organize the further course of the school year should be given clarity as soon as possible about the conditions under which this is possible. The Council of State has advice 69.138/1 given on 6 April 2021, applying Article 84 , §1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973. Legal candidate decision is in line with the following regulations: - Decree of the Flemish government of 7 September 2007 on the study financing of the Flemish Community . Motivation-due to the exceptional circumstances that the COVID-19 virus entails, schools will not be in the possibility of organizing the integrated test at the end of this school year or the qualification test in training form 3. Therefore, the present provisions for the school year2020 are provided for -2021 that these tests become an optional part of the final evaluation of a student, Engen obligation. he drawing up (one or more) learning pans for the new Defense Safety course, third grade TSO requires intense consultation between all parties. That process makes the COVID-19 crisis more difficult. That is why the submission period for the approval is being diluted from 31 January 2021 to March 31, 2021.-The COVID-19 crisis requires us to temporarily change the study granting of higher education for one academic year, so that independent students are their statute for Study grants can retain. These measures are urgent in need of urgency to provide clarity as quickly as possible to the students involved on the conditions for their student finance;- a large part of the activities that were planned in the framework The projects 'Language-stimulating activities' and 'reading at school' (school year 2020 -2021) can be unorganized because of the measures for COVID-19. That is why the beneficiaries of the subsidies are created to organize these planned activities after the end of the project period on 31 August, in particular in the school year 2021-2022.- There must be clarity about the measures that can be taken to control the Budget of the ins and out again, teaching hours and hours teacher for the remediation of pupils who have losing learning disadvantage COVID-19. After deliberation, the Flemish Government Decree: Article 1In abnormality of Article 56 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 19 July 2002 on the Organizational Fan The full-time secondary education: 1 ° is the organization of an integrated test in the school year 2020-2021, where appropriate, the absence by Force majeure of experts in the assessment of the test stated in 1 °, no detrimination of the validity of that assessment.art. 2. Contrary to Article 17 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 6 December 2002 on the organization of special secondary education of training form3: 1 ° the organization of a qualification test in the 2020-2021 school year is optional; 2 ° case, the absence due to the force majeure of experts in the assessment of the test stated in 1 ° in the qualification committee, no detrimination of the legal validity of that assessment.art.3. Contrary to Article 4, first paragraph, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 10 November 2006 to determine the approval criteria and submission modalities of the curricula, the Defense and Safety study plans, third grade of technical secondary education, which applies on 1 September2021 are submitted to the competent Inspector-General-Openteer 31 March 2021.Art in the first grade of that degree. 4. Contrary to Article 6/2 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 7 September 2007 on the Student Finance of the Flemish Community, Degehuwde Student retains the status of married student during the Academy Year 2020-2021 if he about this statute in the past and This status has never lost .Art. 5. Contrary to Article7/2 of the same decision, the student retains the status of an independent student during the Academy year2020-2021 on condition that: 1 ° he had this status in the past and this statute nuclear lost; EN2 ° he does not meet the conditions of the status of married student, stated in Article 6 of the same decision.art. 6. Contrary to Article 4 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 10 July 2020 to the granting of a project subsidy of a maximum of 2,240.658 euros for the organization of language -stimulating activities Dutch in the school holidays The out -of -school care for children and young people, for the period of 20 July 2020 up to and including 31august 2021, activities in the context of the projects 'language-stimulating activities' could be Diegepland for the period from 20 July 2020 to 31 August 2021, but that were not able to take place of the COVID-19 measures are still taking place Until 31 August 2022. The provision The first paragraph does not affect the possibility of the beneficiaries to obtain a new subsidy for the organization of language-stimulating activities for the 2021-2022 school. The activity thie in the context of the new subsidy must be clearly distinguished from the activities that are organized in application of the first paragraph, so that double financing of the same activity is excluded.art. 7. Contrary to Article 6, paragraph 3, of the same decision, the beneficiary who uses the possibility stated in Article 6th of documents states digitally at the latest on 30 September 2021 at the time of the Horizontal Policy Department, for the activities organized in the Period from 20 July 2020 to 31 August 2021, and published on 30 September 2022, for the activities that were planned for the period of 20 July 2020 to 31 August 2021, but were only organized in the 2021-2022.art school year. 8. Infpression of Article 4 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 17 July 2020 to the granting of project subsidies for the Project Call Reading at School 2020 For the period from 1 September 2020 to 31 August 2021 activities in the context of the "Reading projects can read at school 'that were planned for the Periodevan 1 September 2020 to 31 August 2021, but who have not been able to take place because of the COVID-19 Measure, still take place until 31 August 2022. The provision in the first paragraph does not affect the possibility of The beneficiaries to obtain a new subsidy for the organization of projects `reading at school 'for the 2021-2022 school year. The activities that are organized in the context of the new subsidy must be clearly distinguished from the activities that are organized in application of the first paragraph, so that double financing of the same activity is excluded.art. 9Contrary to Article 6, paragraph 3, of the same decision, the beneficiary who uses the possibility stated in Article 8 states the documents at the latest on 30 September 2021 Digitally available to the Horizontal Policy Department, for the activities organized in the period of 20 July 2020 to 31 August 2021, and no later than 30 September2022, for the activities that were planned for the period from 20 July 2020 to 31 August, but Paswerden organized in the school year 2021-2022.Art. 10. If the cost of the total number of applications reaches the amount of the available budget credits, the allocation of extra lessons, hours teacher or lesson hours, as stated in Article 2 of the Decree of 5 March 2021, will be awarded of Extra Lesson times, lessons and hours -Teacher for the remediation of pupils who have left a learning disadvantage by COVID-19, stopped. The maximum budget for the total number of applications is set up 30,000,000 euros.Art. 11. This Decree takes effect on the date of the approval. Item3 has elaboration with effect from January 31, 2021. Article 10 has elaboration with effect from 5 March 2021Art. 12. The Flemish Minister, competent for education, is responsible for the implementation of this decision.brussel, 23 April 2021. The Prime Minister of the Flemish Government, J.Jambonde Flemish Minister of Education, Sport, Animal Welfare and Flemish Rand, b. WeytsPublication: 2021-05-06Numac: 20210313999federal Public Service Finance Memorandum or Understanding on the manner applicable to implement part VI of the multilateral agreement to implement measures related to tax treaties for the prevention of astrala and profit shift from Austala Australia and the Kingdom of Belgium (hereinafter referred to as "Contracting States") are entering into the following mutual agreements (hereinafter referred to as "Memorandum of Understanding") to determine the application method of the arbitration procedure as provided for in part VI of the multilateral agreement for the implementation of tax treaties related Measures to prevent basic battle and profit shift (hereinafter referred to as "the Convention"). This Memorandum or Understanding is entered into in accordance with Article 25 of the Agreement between Australia and the Kingdom of Belgium to avoid double taxation and preventing tax on tax on the income, as amended by the amendment protocol and the second protocol to change (hereinafter "the" the Agreement "referred to as amended by Article 16 of the Convention, and paragraph 10 of Article19 of the Convention. The competent authorities may change or supplement this memorandum or Understanding by written mutual agreement. Part 1. - request for submission a case to arbitration1.1. a request for unsolved issues that follow from a matter of mutual consultation under Section 1 of Article 19 of the Convention (hereinafter referred to as "request for arbitration") must be submitted in writing and must be sent to one or both competent authorities. The request must contain sufficient information to identify the case. The request must be accompanied by a written statement by each of the persons who has either submitted the request for arbitration or is directly involved in the case that no decision has yet been made by the union authority or administrative court of the Contracting States with regard to the same issues. Within 10 days of receipt of the request, the competent authority that received the request and has no indication that it was also sent to the other competent authority, a copy of that request and sending the accompanying statements to the other competent authority.deel2. - Minimum information necessary for an investigation of the case 2.1. For the application of Article 19 of the Convention, the references to "Information that are necessary for a thorough investigation of the case" and "the minimum of information that is necessary for each of the competent authorities for a thorough investigation of the case" conceived: (a) for Australia, the information and documentation that must be provided when submitting a request for a mutual consultation procedure, as set out in the page concerning the mutual consultation procedure on the website de Australian Taxation Office, ato.gov.au, such as these guidelines can be amended from time to time; (b) for the Kingdom of Belgium, the information and documentation that must be provided with the submission of a request for a mutual consultation procedure, as explained in the Circular2018/C/27 with regard to the rules for Dispute settlement in connection with the application of International Tax treaties of 7 March 2018 and published by the general administration of the taxation of the Federal Public Service Finance, such as these guidelines can be changed from time to time; and (c) any other specific additional information requested by the competent authority of a Contracting State within three calendar months after receipt of the request. A mutual consultation procedure.2.2. The competent authorities of the Contracting States inform each other of important changes that are made with regard to the information requirements provide for their national directives and relevant for a request for a mutual consultation procedure. Part 3. - operating rules3.1. Unless the competent authorities determine joint countrymen, (a) within a period of 60 days after receipt of a request for arbitration (or a copy thereof) by both competent authorities, the competent authorities determine jointly solved questions by the arbitration panel and ask the The applicant for an arbitration of written knowledge. These are the "operating rules" for the caseWithout prejudice to the following provisions in this "memorandum or understanding", the competent authorities may also provide other or additional procedural rules in their operating rules than those included in these provisions, and other matters they consider appropriate. (B) if no knowledge was given of the Processing rules The applicant for arbitration within the period stated above (a), these persons can bring each other in writing to each other in writing of a list of issues that must be settled by arbitration within 30 days after the expiry of that period. All list thus were announced during this period are the provisional operating rules. Within the 30 days of all arbitrators, all arbitrators were appointed as provided for in the following provisions of this Memorandum Ofunderstanding, the chairman sends to the competent authorities and the applicant for arbitration a revision version of the provisional operating rules, based on the lists thus communicated. Within 30 days after the revised version was received by both, the competent authorities can jointly determine operating rules and communicate in writing to the arbitrators and to the applicant for arbitration. If this happens within that period, these other operating rules form the operating rules for the case. That period of no other operating rules were jointly determined and communicated in writing by the competent authorities, the revised version of the provisional operating rules that were prepared by the arbitrators is the operating rules for the case. Part 4. - appointment of arbitrators4.1. of the Convention, the competent authorities of the Agreement Singing States jointly stipulated that the following rules apply to the appointment of the members of an arbitration panel: (a) Each competent authority sets one member of the panel the 90 days of the date of the request for arbitration as intended in paragraph 1 of Article 19 of the Convention. Within 60 days after the last of these appointments, the twoaldus appointed members appoint a third member, which acts as chairman of the arbitration panel. The arbitrators' Choirs The chairman from the list that was jointly drawn up by the competent authorities for force section 4.7 (b) If the competent authority of a Contracting State leaves a member of the arbitration panel to appoint within the period as determined in sub section 4.1. ), on behalf of that competent authority, a member is appointed by the officer with the highest rank of the Center for Tax Policy and Administration of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) that is none of the Contracting States. This appointment within the 60 days after receipt of a request for this purpose from the person who has made the request for arbitration. In these circumstances, the member of the arbitration panel is appointed on the basis of the delicacy of persons, identified in accordance with paragraph 4.8., And provided by the competent authority that has left a member of the panel. In case no list was provided, corresponding paragraph 4.8. Or if none of the persons are available on the list, a member will be appointed on behalf of the competent authority by and according to the officer with the highest rank of the Tax Policy and Administration of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) that of None of the Contracting States is national. (C) If the two originals of the arbitration panel leave to appoint the chairman within the periods as determined in sub section 4.1. (a), the chairman is appointed by the officer with the highest rank of the Center for Tax Policy and Administration of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) that is none of the Contracting States. This appointment is done in the 60 days after receipt of a request to that effect from the person who has made the request for arbitration. In these circumstances, the chairman of the Arbitragepanel is appointed on the basis of the list of persons who was jointly drawn up by the competent authorities in accordance with paragraph4.7. If no list was provided in accordance with paragraph 4.7. Or if none of the persons is available on the list, a chairman will be appointed by and according to the official with the highest rank of the Center for Tax Policy and Administration of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) that of none of the Contracting States national is. 4.2In addition to the fact that the competent authorities jointly agree other rules, the procedures asks are provided for in Article 20 of the Convention and part 4 of this memorandum or Understanding with the necessary adjustments if it is necessary for whatever reason to replace an arbitrator after arbitration procedure started. In such circumstances, the competent authorities also determine what adjustments are necessary with regard to the periods that are provided for in part 5 of this memorandum or understanding.4.3. An arbitrator is deemed to have been appointed to both competent authorities a letter was sent in which the appointment is confirmed by both the arbitrator and the person or persons who have the authority to appoint this arbiter.4.4. The competent authorities appoint arbitrators that have expertise or experience in international tax matters. However, they must have no experience as a judge or as an arbitrator. Every arbitrator appointed for the arbitration panel must impartial and independent of the competent authorities, tax administrations and ministries of the Contracting States and of all persons directly involved in the case (including Hun Counselors and with them related persons). In particular, the arbitrators may not be employed by the competent authorities, tax administrations and finance ministries of the Contracting States and of all persons directly involved in the case (including their advisers and with them related persons) for a period of 12 months preceding them appointment and the time when they accept their appointment. The arbitrators must keep their impartiality and unity throughout the procedure and for 12 months after the panel has ruled as referred to in paragraph 5.7. or sub section 5.8. (g), depending on whether the competent authorities were determined by the competent authorities, avoiding any behavior that can affect the appearance of impartiality and independence of the arbitrators with regard to the procedure. Everyarbiter appointed for the arbitration panel must make a written statement for this. The arbitrators connect themselves to immediately inform both competent authorities in writing of their of the new facts or circumstances that occur during or following the arbitration procedure would possibly evoke doubt with regard to their impartiality or independence.4.5. For the application of this section, one person who has accepted an appointment as an arbitrator another arbitration procedure, under part of the Convention or pursuant to the provisions of any other bilateral or multilateral agreement that provides for arbitration for unresolved issues in a mutual consultation procedure, not deemed to be employed on the basis of that appointment , or to be employed, from the competent authority, tax administration or Ministry of Finance of an agreement -concluding state.4.6. When a competent authority becomes aware of an infringement by an arbitrator on the conditions regarding impartiality and independence as determined in paragraph 4.4., It immediately brings this to the attention of the other arbitrators and the competent authority of the other Contracting State. The competent authorities then decide jointly, on the basis of the specific facts and circumstances of the case and the infringement, about the commercialist to be followed, for example: (a) the arbitrator concerned; ((b) (b) (b) the arbitration procedure enforcement and a new arbitration panel to appoint; or (c) declare the arbitral ruling invalid if a decision has already been made.4.7. The competent authorities jointly set a list of at least 5 persons designated by them who are competent and willing to serve as chairman of an arbitration panel. The competent authorities revise and change this list if necessary. The Personalie for this list must be indicated, must meet the conditions of section 4.4.4.8.LKE competent authority draws up a list of at least 5 people who are competent and willing to be prepared as members of the arbitration panel. Every competent authority rewinds and changes this list as necessary. The persons who must be designated for these lists must meet the conditions of paragon 4.4.part 5. - Arbitration procedure5.1. Within 90 days after the appointment of the chairman of the arbitration panel (unless the competent authorities determine a different period before the end of that period samples or agree to use a different type of arbitration procedure, as described in section 5.8, with regard to the relevant case), the competent authority of each Contracting State presents a proposed solution to the chairman of the Arbitragepanel, in which all unsolved issue (s) of the case are dealt with (accounting metallous agreements that were previously reached around that case between the competent authorities). Only after-date of both proposed solutions or after the 90-day term has expired, if this is earlier, the chairman forwards the proposed solutions to the other members of the arbitration panels to the other competent authority. The proposed solution is limited to a mention of the specific amounts of money in currency units (for example from income or expenses) or, where specified, of the maximum rate of the tax that may be levied in accordance with the provisions of the agreement (as it can be changed by the Treaty), for every adjustment or similar issue. In a case in which the competent authorities of the Contracting States did not succeed in coming to an agreement on an issue with regard to the conditions of application of a provision of the agreement (as it can be changed by the Convention) (hereinafter referred to as "threshold issue") - as the question of whether or not a natural person is a resident, whether the question of whether there is a permanent establishment is not there - the competent authorities may have other proposed solutions proposals with regard to issues whose decision depends on the solution of such threshold issues. 5.2. The competent authority of each Contracting State may also submit a supporting position memorandum to the arbitrators for consideration. Such a support point of view memorandum is submitted to the chairman of the arbitration panel within the period as determined in paragraph 5.1. Only after receipt of both supporting positions or after the period as determined in paragraph 5.1. If this is earlier, the chairman sends the supporting position memorandum to the other members of the Arbitragepanel and to the other competent authority. Each ABTORGE Bij A supporting position memorandum must be a document that was delivered by one competent authority to the other, or by the taxpayer to both competent authorities, to be used in the negotiation of the case subject to the mutual consultation procedure.5.3. In case of competent authority of one Contracting State, leaving for a proposed solution within the period as determined in paragraph 5.1., Informs the chairman of the arbitration paneled competent authority that, if no proposed solution is submitted within an additional period of 7 days, the arbitration panel The proposed solution that was submitted by the other authority authority will choose as its statement.5.4. Each competent authority may also submit a single -memorial answer in response to the proposed solution and supporting position memorandum was submitted by the other competent authority. Every such statement of response is presented with the chairman of the arbitration panel within 150 days of the appointment of the chairman of Hetarbitragepanel. Only after receiving both memories of response or after the 150 -day period is, if this is earlier, the chairman will send the Memories of the answer to the other members of the Arbitragepanel and to the other competent authority.5.5. In the event that the competent authority of one Contracting State fails to submit a statement of response within the period as determined in paragraph 5.4., The chairman of the Arbitragepanel informs the Contracting State that any response that is not received within an additional period of 7 days, informs will not be taken by the arbitrators.5.6. As far as possible, the arbitrators and video conferences will use to communicate with each other and with both competent authorities. If a face-to-face meeting involves additional costs, the chairman will contact the competent authority contact that will decide where and when the meeting should continue, and this information giving to the arbitrators.5.7. The Arbitragepanel chooses as its statement one of the proposed solutions for the case, presented by the competent authorities for each issue and for all threshold issues, without adding an reasoning or other explanation of the ruling. The arbitralialious quotation is assumed by the common majority of the arbitratorsThe arbitral ruling is written in writing The competent authorities of the Contracting States within a period of 90 days after receipt by the arbitrators of the last response or, if no response, within 180 days of the appointment of the chairman of the Arbitragepanel . The arbitralious speech has no precedent effect.5.8. (A) If, within a period of 60 days after the appointment of the chairman of the arbitration panel, the competent authorities agree with regard to a certain case to use the approach as described in this paragraph, Danzal Every competent authority to the arbitration panel and to the other competent authority all the information provisions it considers necessary for the panel to arrive at a decision, within a period of 120 days after this agreement. That information must contain a description of the facts and the unsolved issues of which a decision must be made, together with the position of the competent authority of loved issues and the arguments that support that position. Unless the competent authorities decide mutualers, the arbitration panel may not take into account all information that has not been available for both competent authorities before the request for arbitration (or a copy thereof) was received by the competent authorities. Note to submit the information as described in sub paragraph (a) within the period as determined in this sub paragraph, the chairman of the arbitration panel informs the competent authority of the Contracting State that if a proposed position is not submitted within a additional period of 7 days, the arbitration panel the position submitted by the other -authorized authority will choose if its ruling. (C) The competent authority that has received the written request for arbitration, the applicant for arbitration must notify the approach to the agreement as described in this Paragraa f within a period of 7 days after the agreement was reached (if the written request for arbitration shows that it was also sent to the other competent authority, the notification will be provided by the competent authority of the jurisdiction of which the applicant for arbitration is a resident) . The applicant for arbitration may, either directly or via its representatives, submit his position in writing to the arbitrators to the same extent as it is possible during the procedure of mutual consultation. All the written material that was prepared by the applicant for arbitration or his representatives is presented to Dearbiters by the competent authorities. This material is only presented to the arbitrators if they are delivered to both competent authorities within 120 days of the notification to which reference is made to the firstzin of this sub section. (D) within 30 days after the chairman has raised the competent authorities that The arbitration panel will have to meet, decide the competent authorities and when this meeting will continue and pass this information on to the arbitrators. The arbitrators decide on the issues subject to arbitration in accordance with the applicable provisions of the agreement, as amended by the Convention, and, without prejudice to those provisions, with the provisions of the national legislation of the Contracting States. The arbitrators also consider other sources that the competent authorities of the Contracting States can explicitly indicate. - and the rules of evidence that they consider necessary to make a ruling on the unsolved issues subject to arbitration. (G) Unless the competent authorities agree together, the arbitral ruling is made in writing to the competent authorities of the Contracting States within a period of 365 days after the date of appointment of the chairman, stating the sources of law that are due to the ruling and the reasoning that Ertoegleid has. The arbitrary statement is assumed by the common majority of the arbitrators. The arbitralial conspiracy has no precedent effect.5.9. When, at any time after a request for Arbitragewerd submitted and before the arbitration panel has ordered its ruling to the competent authorities, a judicial instance or administrative court of one of the Contracting States has made a ruling on the issue, the arbitration procedure is terminated .Del6. - Communication of information and confidentiality 6.1Before acting in an arbitration procedure car, each arbitrator agrees in writing to comply with and to submit to the confidentiality and confidentiality provisions of Article 26 of the Agreement and of the applicable national legislation of the Contracting States. If an arbitrator uses employees when carrying out his duty, each employee must make a similar written statement.6.2. When a competent authority becomes aware of infringement by a arbitrator and/or their employee on the confidentiality and confidentiality obligation as referred to in paragraph 6.1., She immediately brings this the attention of the other arbitrators and the competent authority of the other Contracting State. The competent authorities then decide jointly, on the basis of the specific facts and circumstances of the case and the infringement, on the course of action and can, for example: (a) cancel and replace the person concerned; (b) (b) terminate the arbitration procedure and a new arbitration panel adjustments ; or (c) declare the arbitral ruling invalid if a ruling has already been made.6.3. although to start with the arbitration procedure, each person who has submitted the case must agree to no information that they are in the running of dearbitrage procedure, whether or have received from the competent authorities or from the arbitration panel, to make it known to any other person.6.4. When a person who has submitted the case or one of his advisers the agreement as referred to in paragraph 6.3. Matterally does not comply with any time after a request for arbitration has been submitted and before the arbitration panel has its ruling to the competent authorities, the procedure for mutual consultation in which the agreement prevents, and the arbitration procedure with regard to the case, is terminated.6.5. Before the Chairman is appointed, the competent authorities send all correspondence to both arbitrators simultaneously.6.6.Nadat the chairman has been appointed, unless the competent authorities and the chairman come together jointly, the competent authorities send all correspondence to the chairman (with a copy of the other competent authority ). The chairman sends all correspondence from the arbitrators to the competent authorities simultaneously to both competent authorities.6.7. Except with regard to administrative or logistics matters, no arbitrator ex parte communicates with a competent authority about the case of mutual consultation that resulted in the arbitration procedure.6.8. Any communication, except for administrative or logistics matters, between the arbitrators and the competent authority's change in writing. Unless the competent authorities agree otherwise, written communication is permitted by email insofar as appropriate measures are taken to keep the confidentiality of any information that the taxpayer could identify. For each correspondence die is not sent via email, exprespost or priority post or a courier service is used.6.9. There may not be any substantive discussions without the presence of the three arbitrators.6.10. Single when permitted under paragraph 5.8. (c), does not communicate any arbitrator on business or issues submitted to the arbitration panel with (a) the person who has submitted the case; (b) any other person whose tax liability could be directly influenced by (one of) the Contracting States by a mutual agreement of the case; or (c) their representatives or agents times or after the arbitration procedure.6.11. After the termination of the arbitration procedure, each arbitrator must immediately destroy all documents or other receipts in connection with the procedure. 7. - Operational Procedures7.1. In addition to the extent necessary, the arbitration panel may set additional procedures that are necessary for performing its work, provided that these procedures are not contrary to a determination of part VI of the Convention or Article 25 of the Agreement , as amended by Article 16 of the Convention.7.2. If the Arbitragepanel sets additional procedures, the Chairman and submits a written copy thereof to the competent authorities. These procedures are only applied when both competent authorities mutually agree with it. Part 8. - Costs8.1Unless the competent authorities jointly agree: (a), each competent authorities bear the person who has requested arbitration the costs related to their own participation in dearbitration procedure (including the travel costs and costs related to the preparation and presentation do his views); b) All other costs related to the arbitration procedure are equally supported by both competent authorities.8.2. The competent authorities jointly determine the reimbursement of the arbitrators in the procedures in accordance with this memorandum or understanding with: (a) expenses of the arbitrators per person per meeting, preparation day or travel day; (b) the reimbursement of the arbitrators; and (c) restrictions on the total amount of the reimbursement to be paid. Each arbitrator is reimbursed for a maximum of three preparation days, two meeting days and travel days. If the arbitration panel believes that more time is needed to consider the case of thoroughly, the chairman must contact the competent authorities to request extra time. Part9. - The non-components of the ruling collect the required term 9.1. If the ruling was not committed to the competent authorities within the period as determined in paragraph 5.7. or subsection 5.8. (g), depending on the case, or within any other period that was agreed with the competent authorities, the reimbursements of each arbitrator are limited to an amount that the competent authorities agreed by the time. In this case, the competent authorities can jointly appoint new arbitrators in accordance with Article 20 of the Convention and Part 4 of DitMorandum or Understanding. The date of such a joint decision to appoint new arbitrators, with a view to the later application of Article 20 of the Convention and part 4 of this Memorandum or Understanding, deemed to be the date on which the request for arbitration was received by both competent authorities. Part 10. - Final ruling10.1. If a definitive ruling of the judicial authorities of one of the Contracting States means that the arbitral pronunciation tongue isig, the arbitral ruling is not binding on the Contracting States. In such a case, the request for arbitration as referred to in paragraph 1 of Article 19 of the Convention is not deemed to have not been submitted, and the arbitration procedure is deemed not to have taken place (what the application of Article 21 (confidentiality of the arbitration procedure) and Article 25 ( Costs of the arbitration procedure) of the Convention and parts 6 and 8 of this memorandum or understanding). In the same case, the person who has submitted a request for arbitration may be a new request for arbitration indoors, which will be accepted unless the competent authorities jointly agree that the actions of that person or his representatives were the main reason for the invalidation of the arbitral verdict.10.2. It is agreed that part II) of Sb paragraph B) of paragraph 4 of Article 19 of the Convention must be applied if, according to the national legislative of a Contracting State, a judicial authority has invalidated the arbitrary ruling on the basis of a procedural error or a other error or other behavior that has substantially affected the outcome of Dearbitration Procedure, including: (a) a violation of the impartial or independence requirements applicable to arbitrators under Article 20 of the Convention and part 4 of this memorandum or understanding; (B); an infringement of the confidentiality requirements of application to arbitrators under Article 21 of the Convention and part 6 of this memorandum or understanding; (c) any other omission to meet the procedural requirements as provided for in part of the treaties of this memorandum or understanding; or (d) conspiracy between the person who has submitted the request for the mutual consultation procedure and one of the Contracting States.10.3. It is agreed that an arbitral ruling can only be declared invalid on the basis of part 10 of this memorandum of the Basic consists of the national legislation of the Contracting States. 11. - Implementation of the arbitral ruling11.1. The competent authorities will perform the arbitral ruling within 180 days after the ruling was delivered to them, by agreeing to the case that has lived up to arbitration.As determined in Article 36 (entry into force of part VI) of the Convention, the provisions of part VI (arbitration) of the Convention are applicable with regard to matters submitted to the competent authority of a Contracting State on or after the last of the data on which the Convention has entered into force for each of the agreement -concluding States. Part 13. - Reservation with regard to the scope of the goods that are eligible for arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the Convention of the Convention13.1. Pursuant to the sub -paragraph) of paragraph 2 of Article 28 of the Convention, the following reservations were made with regard to the scope of the cases that are eligible for arbitration in accordance with the provisions of part VI of the Convention: (a) the right retains the right before to exclude the scope of part VI of the Convention, every case as far as there is the application of the general anti -abuse provisions of Australia, which are included in part IVA of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1936 and section 67 of the Fringe Benefits Tax AssessmentAct 1986. Australia also reserves the right to extend the scope of the exclusion for the common anti -abuse provisions of Australia to all provisions that replace, change or update those rules. Australia informs the Depository of the Convention of all such provisions that includes important changes. Part 14. - Application and termination14.1. DitMorandum or Understanding will apply to 3 March 2021 and continues to apply until it is terminated by one of the competent authorities by sending written statements at least 6 months in advance to the other competent authority.14.2. Arbitrages that have started before the termination date will be concluded in accordance with this memorandum or understanding. Detached in Sydney/Brussels on March 3, 2021th the previous one represents the agreement between the competent authorities and is not a treaty.Publication: 2021-05-18NUMAC: 2021031412Federal Public Service Home Affairs 9 December 2019.-Act amending the General Customs and Excise Act of 18 July 1977 and the Code of Tax on the added value to convert Directive (EU) 2017/ 1371. - German translation below is the German translation of the law of December 9 ,2019 amending the General Customs and Excise Act of 18 July 1977 and the Code of the Tax on the added value to conversion of Directive (EU) 2017/1371 ( Belgian Official Gazette of December 18, 2019, add. Of January 9, 2020). This translation was drawn up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.9. DEZINJEids 2019 - Gesetz Zur Abänderungdes Allgemeinen Gesetzes vom 18. July 1977 über Zölle undt akzisen und des Mehrwertsteuergesetzbucheszur umsetzung of the Richthlinie (eu) 2017/1371philippe, all Gegen Navigengen, Gegen Naarped's Belgiangen, all Gegen Navigengengen, Gegen Navigengengen, Gegen Navertengen any navigars, navigen navigengengen, whogargen's unguar ogen Belgians' arden, : Kapitel 1 - Allgemeine Bestimmungen article 1 - Vorliegendes Gesetzregelt Eine In Article 74 of the Verwähnte Angelegenheit.art. 2 - Vorliegenendes Gesetzient der Teilumsetzung der Directline (EU) 2017/1371 des Europäischen Parlaments und des rates vom 5.juli 2017 über die criminal rights bekämpfung von Gegen those finanzialles of the all -tempered teethen visdeten voäderden virtestemen gesetmiten voordeten geshadeten geshadeten geshadeten geshadeten geshadeten geshadeten geshadeten geshadeten geshadeten geshadeten gesette geshadeten gesette gesette gesetes virtes virtes virtes virteses virtes virtes virtes virtes virtes virtes virtes virtes virtes virtes virtes virtes virtes virtes virtes virtes virtes vetereten tangenetes goseton über Zölle und Akzisenart.3 - Article 115 § 1 of the Allgemeins Gesetzes vom 18. July 1977 über Zölle und Akzisen, Abgeändertdurch das sets vom 12. Mai 2014, wird who folgtanmeldungen: "§ der falsche Festestellt, gelten im falle more reasons of reasons that were punished, who are punished, which in Article 220 bis 225, 227, 229 und 230 Beziehungsweise in Article 231 Erwähnt Zind. "Art.4 - Article 202 Desselben Gesetzes, ERSETZT DASS GESETZ VOM. Zoetzt Abgeändertdurch das Gesetz vom 21. Dezember 2009, Wird durch einen paragraphs 3 mit folgendem wortlaut ergänzt: "§ 3 - haben in § 1 pea persons den Verstoß in Incitretian Abs Coses, sie darüber hinaus mit einer fiber criminal von eight tagen bis zu einem monat was punished. Habenin § 1 pairs of persons den Verstoß in Inciter Absicht und those finanzialles of the Europischen union vaafe vettzt were vaafe vetzt vaafe vettzt vaafe vetzt vaafe vettzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vaafe vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vettzt vetzt. Those finanzialles interests of the Europäischen Union müssen auf Jedenfall as Schwer Verht Angesehen, Wenn der Schaden Mehr were as 100,000 EUR Bewrägt. "Art.5 - Article 220 § 2 Desselben Gesetzes, Ersetzt durch das Gesetz vom, June 2013, Absatz mit folgendem wortlaut ergänzt: "Those finanzialles interests of the Europäischen Unionmüssen auf jeden fall as Schwer levezt angesehen, wenn der damage mehr as 100,000 EUR Bewrägt." Art.6 - in Article 228 Douches Gesetzes, Mharii 2014, that Wörter "Wird Nicht Auferlegt, Wenn Die Designgnahme Zwischen Fünf Uhr morning und Neun Uhr Abends Auf den In article 57 Absatz 1 Erwähnten Straßen Und Wegolgt Ist, Wenn sie bei einfuhr auf dem landwegam ort, an dem die who erste stelle lies, virgenoms are astst Oder im allgeinen "durch die wörter" wirdim allgemeign. 7 - In Article 229 Desselben, Die Wörter "in Abweichung von Article 228 Wird who fought Durch Die Wörter" Die Gefängnisprafewird "ERSETZT.ART. 8 - Article 256 Desselben Gesetzes, Zoetzt Abgeändert durch das Gesetzvom 12. Mai 2014, wird who folgt ersetzt: "Art. 256 - § 1 - EUR liegendarf, were Geahndet: 1. Wendendungen Ausländischer were unter's clause as a Derbesondenen Verwendung, who Ihnen Gemäß der Endgültigen einfuhr bei der Verwaltung abgegebenannon's stuendung, gene geenlagrigtje zugoedgtungen, who is a gender -geenlagrangs of geenlaggregton ,2. Vorgänge mit dem Ziel, Merkmaleoder Eigenschaften der erwähnten Waren zu entfernen oder zu verleihen, deren Vorhandensein oder Nichtvorhandenseinbei der endgültigen Einfuhr zur Anwendung einer günstigeren Steuerregelung geführt hat, als wenn dieseMerkmale oder Eigenschaften nicht vorhanden beziehungsweise vorhanden gewesen wären.Darüberhinaus sind die hinterzogenen Akzisen zu Intraicht. § 2 - Haben Zuwiderhandelnde Die in § 1 Erwähnten Verstöße in Betrügerischer Absicht Oder zu beghen Versucht, Weresie Darüber Hinaus mit einer Gefängnispoafe von P.If violations in § 1 have committed violations in fraudulent intentions and seriously violated the financial interest of the European Union, they will be punished with a prison sentence from four months to coincidence. Damage is more than 100,000 EUR. "Art. 9- in Article 257 of the same law, modified by the law of April 25, 2014, are" assigned "the word between the word and the words", the words "or Trying "Insert.Art. 10 - In Article 259 of the same law, the last paragraph is replaced as follows:" The contradictory is also punished with a prison sentence of eight to thirty days. will be punished for four months to five years of age. Ender European Union must be considered seriously injured in any case if the damage is more than 100,000 EUR. "Chapter 3 - Changes of the VAT Code. Paragraph with the following wording adds: "In any case, tax evasion is considered serious if violations mentioned in paragraph 1 are connected to the territory of at least two member states and comprises a total damage of at least EUR 10,000,000 Article 73nonies inserted with the following wording: "Art.73nonies - the attempt to commit a violation mentioned in Article 73 (3), is with a prison sentence of eight days up to three years and with a fines of 26 to 50,000 Euroders with just one of these Penalties occupied. "Art. 13 - In the same code, an Article73decies with the following wording is inserted: "Art. 73decies - If the violation of 324BIS of the Criminal Code was committed in Art. and with a fine of EUR 5,000 to 500,000 or with just one of these punishments. "We manufacture the in the present law and order that it provided with the state seal and published by the Belgian state newspaper. Because of: Dervice Prime Minister and Minister of Finance. De Croomit provided the state seal: Derminister of the Justice, k. GeesePublication: 2021-05-07NUMAC: 2021031425Federal Public Service Finance2 May 2021.-Royal Decree on the implementation of Article 147, fourth paragraph, of the Code of Income Taxes 1992 for the 2022 report to the Koningsire, a additional reduction for pensions and other replacement income granted (Article 147, first paragraph, 1 °, of the CIR 92 as amended by the law of 23 March 2019 amending the Code of Income Taxes 1992 with regard to the tax provisions of the job deal). This additional reduction replaces the additional reduction as referred to in Article 154, CIR 92. Article 147, fourth paragraph, of the CIR 92 stipulates that if the tax on pensions and other replacement income for a certain assessment year after application of the reductions for pensions and replacement income is reduced to zero for a taxpayer with a taxable income that is equal to 10,160 euros ( Basic amount) and only consists of pensions and other replacement income, the king the amount of the additional reduction increases to the amount that is necessary to reduce the tax zero. For the tax year 2022, the amount of the normal reduction for pensions and other replacement income is equal to 1,841.96 euros (basic amount: 1,148.93 euros) and the amount of the additional reduction equal to 378.96 euros (basic amount: 236.38 euros) . Hetin Article 147, fourth paragraph, of the CIR 92 stated amount of the taxable income is 2022 -year to 16,290 euros for tax year. The basic tax on that income is (13,540 x 25 pCt.) + ((16,290 - 13,540) x 40 pCt.) Or 3.385 + 1,100 = 4,485 euros. For tax year 2022, the amount of the tax free sum is 9,050 euros. The basic tax is thus reduced by 2,262.50 euros (9,050 euros x 25 pCt.) To 2,222.50 euros (for slane tax). The sum of the ordinary and additional reduction for pensions and other replacement income, i.c. 1.841.96 + 378.96 = 2,220.92 euros, is just not sufficient to bring the amount of the tax due after application of the reductions for pensions and other replacement income zero zero . In accordance with Article 147, fourth paragraph, of the CIR 92, the indexed amount of the supplementing reduction for pensions and other replacement income must therefore be increased for the 2022 with 1.58 euros tax year to 380.54 euros. This Decree implements this. The basic amount stated in article 147, first paragraph, 1 °, of the WIB 92 of the additional reduction for pensioners Other replacement income is indexed on the basis of the coefficient as referred to in Article178, § 3, third paragraph, 2 °, WIB 92 and after application of the indexation coefficient completed to dehoger or lower cent depending on the figure of the thousandths, whether or not reached (Article 178, §2, third paragraph, of the CIR 92). The indexation coefficientis referred to in Article 178, § 3, third paragraph, 2 °, WIB 92 for the tax year 2022 equal to 1,6032. To reach an indexed amount of 380.54 euros, the basic amount of 236.38 euros must be increased to 237.36 euros. The new basic amount of 237.36 euros applies in accordance with Article 147, fourth paragraph, last sentence, WIB 92 only for the tax year2022. This is, SIRE, the scope of the decision that you are being submitted. I have honor to be, Sire, Van Your Majesty, the very respectful and very faithfuler, the Minister of Finance, v. Van Peteghemadvies69.111/3 of 23 April 2021 on a draft Royal Decree "Executing Article 147, fourth paragraph, of the Code of Income Taxes 1992 for the tax year 2022" Op 24Maart 2021 is the Council of State, Acts Division, The Minister of Finance requested that within a time of thirty days to provide an advice on a draft Royal Decree "holding detailing of Article 147, fourth paragraph, of the 1992 Income Tax Code for the tax year2022". The design was investigated by the Third Chamber on April 13, 2021. The Chamber was composed of Marnix van Damme, Chamber President, Jeroen van Nieuwenhove and Bert Thys, State Councils, Michel Tisons Johan Put, Assessors, and Astrid Truyens Granger. The report was published by Frédéricvanneste, first auditor. The agreement between the French and the Dutch text From the advice was checked under the supervision of Bert Thys, State Council. The advice, of which the text here after, was given on April 23, 2021.1. In application of Article 84, § 3, first paragraph, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, the legislation department visited the investigation of the authority of the statement of the act, of the legal basis, as well as of the question of whether the formal requirements to be fulfilled has been met. Making and legal basis of the draft2The Public Prosecution Service Advies the Royal Decree submitted aims to give implementation to Article 147, fourth paragraph, of the Code of Income Taxes 1992 (hereinafter: WIB 92) for the 2022.3 assessment year. Article 147, fourth paragraph, of the WIB 92 stipulates that if the tax on pensions and other replacement income for a specific assessment year after application of the reductions for pensions and replacement income has not been reduced to zero for a taxpayer immediately taxable income equal to 10,160 euros and consists exclusively of pensions and other replacement income, the king raises the amount of the additional reduction to the amount that is needed to reduce the tax to zero. The designed scheme will find this provision of this provision. Research of the text article 14. Both the Dutch versions of the French version of the Introductory sense of the designed Article 6318/18 of the Royal Decree of 27 August 1993 "to implement the Code of Income Taxes 1992" is incomplete. The Dutch version of that introductory sentence should be edited as follows: "In implementation of Article 147, fourth paragraph , of the Income Bel Code Astingen 1992 is brought in Article 147, first paragraph, 1 °, of that Code of the additional reduction for pensions and other replacement income on: "The French version must read as follows:" Enexécution de l'Article 147, Alinéa 4 , du code des impôts sur les revenus 1992, le montant de la réductionadditionnelle pour pensions et autes revenus the brake placement visée à l'Article 147, Alinéa 1er, 1 °, the CE code Est Porté à: "The clerk, A. Truyensde Chairman , M.van Damme2 May 2021. - Royal Decree executing Article 147, fourth paragraph, of the Code of Income Taxes 1992 for the 2022Filip tax year, King of the Belgians, to all who are now and will be here, our regards.geletop the Income Tax Code 1992, Article 147, fourth paragraph, inserted by the Act of 23 -March 2019; Having regard to the KB/WIB 92; Having regard to the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on 10 March 2021; Having The Sta ATSS Secretary of Budget of 23 March 2021; Having regard to the advice 69.111/3 of the Council of State, given on April 23, 2021, in application of Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 2 °, of the laws on the Council of State, Coordinated top 12 January 1973; We decided on the nomination of the Minister of Finance, we decided: Article 1. Article 6318/18, of the Royal Decree 92, inserted by the Royal Decree of 28 June 2019, will be replaced as follows: " Art. 6318/18. In the execution of Article 147, fourth paragraph, of the Code of Income Taxes 1992, it is brought to:- for the tax year 2020: 236.525euro;- for the tax year 2022: 237.36 euros. ". Art. 2. The minister who is authorized to finance is responsible for implementing this decision in Brussels, 2 May 2021.filipvanoning Minister of Finance, v. Van PeteghemPublication: 2021-05-21Numac: 2021031495Federal Public Service Home Affairs24 April 2021.-Ministerial Decree on the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19. - Addenduminhet Belgian Official Gazette No. 116 of Sunday, April 25, 2021, page 37775, the official advice of the Council of State is added. Council of the State Department of Legislative Advice 69.253/AV of 23 April 2021 on a draft ministerial Decree `containing the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19TE 'On April 16, 2021, the Council of State, Department of Legislation, by the Minister from Binnenlandse Affairs, Institutional Reforms and Democratic Renovation requested within a period of five working days, extended Up to eight working days (*) to provide an advice on a draft ministerial decision `Conducting the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 April 2021. The General Meeting was composed of Jacques JA Umotte, chairman of the Council of State, Marnix Van Damme, Pierre Vandernoot, Martine Baguet and Wilfriedvan Vaerenbergh, Chamber Presiders, Chantal Bamps, Jeroen Van Nieuwenhove, Luc Cambier, Bert Thys, Bernardblero, Wouter Paslle, Patick Ronvaux and Christineets , State Councils, Jan Velaers, Sébastienvan Drooghenbroeck, Christian Behrendt and Johan Put, Assessors, and Gregory Delannay, main clerk. The report was published by Xavier Delgrange, first Auditor department, Jonas Rieman, Auditor, Cedric-: . The agreement between the Franseen The Dutch text of the advice was checked under the supervision of Jacques Jaumotte, chairman of the Council of State. The advice, the text of which follows below, was given on April 23, 2021. Conversion article 84, § 3, first paragraph , of the coordinated laws on the Council of State, the department legislation had to limit itself to the investigation of the authority of the Steller of the act, of the legal basis, as well as the question of whether the formal requirements to be fulfilled has been met. The draft ministerial decision-based draft for advice amending the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 "containing urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19". The purpose of the draft is two-fold. October 28, 2020 amended. It concerns in -head case relaxing of existing measures. On the other hand, the temporal scope of the decision that is amended (Article 28) is extended up to and including 31 May 2021 (Article 7 of the draft) .1.2. The changes to the so -called Corona measures can be summarized as follows. The rule contained in article 5, second paragraph, 14 °, of the ministerial decision of 28 October 2020 that there must be a sign of individual shops, the rule that a consumer is in principle accompanied by one person of the same household (Article 1 of the draft). The ban on the exercise of so -called contact professions (Article 8, § 4, of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020), albeit under certain conditions, will be canceled in terms of "the beauty salons, the manned sunbeds, the manned solar center, the non-medical pedicure stores, the nail salons, the massage salons, the hairdressing shops, the Barbiers and the tattoo and piercing salons "and on The prohibition on services and in -house is added an exception for hair care services (Article 2 of the design). The regulation on offering goods to consumers via a system of ordering and picking up, of delivery, or via a system by appointment in Article 8bis of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 will be canceled (Article 3 of the draft). The threshold for dealing on gatherings (Article 15 of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020) is being enhanced from four to ten people, children up to and including 12 years not counted (Article 4 of the draft). Vandal rules contained in the decision to be changed can be deviated from in the context of so -called trial and pilot projectsThis regulation applies to "the test selected by the competent ministers, in coordination with the local authorities involved, the Federal Minister of the Interior and the Federal Minister of Volkens Health and pilot projects organized on the basis of the protocol that will be determined by the competent ministers and the Federal Minister of Health concerning the framework, calendar and step -by -step plan for the organization of test and pilot projects, both within ENBUITS, in accordance with the decision of the consultation committee in this regard "(Article 8 of the draft - Newtweed paragraph of Article 29 of the Ministerial Decree of October 28, 2020). In addition, changes with a rather technical character are made. The temporary `window regulation 'on trains with a tourist destination (Article 19bis of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020) is being taken (Article 5 of the draft) and the regulation on supervision by the officials of the Economic Inspectorate of the Federal Public Service Economy, K.M.O., Midden and Energy (Article 27, § 4, first and second paragraph, of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020) is distributed with a reference to Article 5 of the Decree to be changed (Article 6 of the draft). Taking a decision comes into effect on 26 April 2021 (Article 9 of the draft) .ii. Admissibility2. According to Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on 12 January 1973, the reasons for advice must be given to support the urgency of the emergency character. according to the request for advice, "the necessity to consider measures based on epidemiological resulting that evolve from day to day and of which the latter have justified the measures, that it is thus to adjust, take and extend certain measures, so that they on 26 April 2021 in effect. The measures were decided during the consultation committee that has gathered on April 14, 2021 and were approved on the Council of Ministers of 15 April 2021 ". These reasons are accepted.iii. Prior remark3. This advice was given by the general meeting of the Legislation of the Council of State within a period of five working days, extended eight working days with application of Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the coordinated laws on the Council of State. The period thus the period thus expired on Wednesday 28 April 2021. The Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 `containing urgent measures to limit the distribution of the COVID-19 HetCoronavirus' applies up to and including 25 April 2021 (Article 28 of the Decree) and This designed change text must come into effect on Monday 26 April 2021, the general meeting has deemed the appropriate to give this advice without waiting for the last day of the Temoleing period, and even to give advice within the initial period of five -work days the General Meeting of the Legislation of the Council of State wants to draw attention to the fact that, within the specified period of five working days before the treatment of the advice and giving the advice, the investigation it has thus carried out, remained strictly restricted is until the amendment provisions that have been submitted to her, as well as to the proposal teeth Passage period of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020, to the extent that that period relates to the changes made in the Ministerial Decree in question and thus not over the complete decision, as it is extended by Article 7 of the draft. Generalizers. Rightyard4. Force The preamble of the draft is sought after:- Article 4 of the law of 31 December 1963 `concerning civil protection ';- Articles 11 and 42 of the Law of 5 August 1992` On the police officer'- Articles 181.182 and 187 of the law of 15 May 2007 `concerning civil security '. It concerns the same grounds if referred to in the preamble of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October2020 itself, as well as in the various ministerial decisions to amend that decision (( 1) In the first paragraph of the preamble, reference is also made to Article 23 of the Constitution. Although that provision, which, among other things, is a positive obligation on the protection of health on the part of the Government Government (2), is part of the legal context in which the present draft decision is made, it offers no legal basis to the minister for one to take such a decision (3) 5. The authorized representative of the minister was asked to explain which provisions invoked offer concrete law land for the various parts of the draftSuch an overview was not given. On the contrary, on the contrary, the respect of the authorized representative set out that the cited Legal Samen offer for the whole of the measures. For the sake of sake, it can be further noted that, contrary to the case, 68,936/AV on the preliminary design of 'Pandemiewet', in subject file in principle should not be investigated to what extent delegations are possible by the legislator the minister. Although questions have been asked for the Constitutional Court for preliminary ruling. (4) As long as the Court has not pronounced this and, if necessary, a unconstitutional statement, the relevant legal provisions remain in force. In the investigation of a draft decision, in principle, the provisions that the legislator has established, although dieuiteraard must still be interpreted.6. Article 4 of the Act of 31 December 1963 "Civil Protection concerned" is as follows: "The Minister whose authority of the Interior Hearers organizes, organizes the resources and provokes the measures that are required for civil protection for the whole of the country's territory. He coordinates. The preparation and application of that measurement of measures in the various ministerial departments as with the public bodies. That coordination also relates to all measures in connection with the use of the resources of the nation, animals in peacetime must be taken in view of the civilian Protection in wartime. Deminister exercises its authority with regard to the issues related to the civil protection that is being dealt with in international organizations, and following the international interchanges in that area. "7. Article 11 of the Law of 5 August 1992 `On the police officer as follows:" Without prejudice to the powers granted to them by or pursuant to the law, the Minister of the Interior and the Governor practice the powers of the mayor or municipal institutions In the subsidiary order from when these, whether or not voluntarily, do not comply with their responsibilities, when the disruption of public order extends over the territory of diverse municipalities or, even if, even if the event or situation is only located in a single municipality, the public interest required their intervention. The powers of administrative police referred to in the first paragraph within the meaning of Article 3, 1 °, except those who form the object of Article 42 of the Act of 7 December 1998 to organize an integrated police service, structured two levels. "Article 3, 1 °, of the police officer, to which explicitly becomes referred to in Article 11 of the same law, defines the "police measures" as any legal or material -lit -settable act of administrative or judicial police that contains an indication, an obligation or prohibition for citizens. The powers exercised by the mayor or the municipal institutions must also be understood if a reference to the relevant provisions regarding the new Municipalities Act, in particular its Articles 119, 134 and 135. Article 42 of the same law is as follows: "When in danger If his assignment is fulfilled or when persons are in danger, each member of the operational framework can claim the help or assistance of the persons present on site in the event of an absolute necessity, he can also claim the help or assistance from any other useful person . The advanced help or assistance should not be the person she provides n end danger. "8. The articles 181, 182 and 187 of the law of 15 May 2007" concerning civil security "ring TasSlot as follows:" Art. 181. § 1. The Minister or his representative can, in the event of interventions stated in Article 11, claim the persons and goods that he deems necessary in the absence of available public services. To the mayor, as well as the zone commander and, in the delegation of the same, to the officers during interventions of these services in the context of their assignments. Dekoning records the procedure and the further rules of the remediation. § 2. Dekstosten attached to the removal of persons and affairs and reimburse these costs to the entitled parties: 1 ° the State, when it is the minister or his representative who proceeds to the claim; 2 ° the municipality when it is the mayor who proceeds to claim; 3 ° the zone when the zone commander or the officers are proceeding to claimThe costs are not due when they arise from the repair of the damage caused to the claimed persons and affairs and arising from accidents that took place in the course of or through the fact of the performance of the operations with the eye on which the invention took place, when the accident was deliberately caused by the victim. § 3. During the duration of the performance, the employment contract and the learning contract are suspended for the benefit of the employee who are part of these services or that were called. 182. In the event of imminent circumstances, the Minister or his attorney may oblige the population to assert its protection from places or regions that are particularly exposed, threatened or affected, and those who are involved in these measures designate a provisional place of residence ; For the same reason, he can prohibit any relocation or traffic of the population. This self -authority is granted to the mayor. (...) Art. 187. Refusal or omission to support the measures ordered in application of Articles 181, § 1, and 182, is punished in peacetime with prison sentence of eight days to three months, and with a fine of twenty -six euros to five hundred euros, or with one of those penalties only. In wartime or in the same periods, refusal or omission is to behave according to the measures for the application of Article 185 have been ordered punished with prison sentence of three months to six months with a fine of five hundred euros to a thousand euros, or with one of one of the penalties only. Deminister or, where appropriate, the mayor or the zone commander, can also have the stated ball of the posts executed, at the expense of the opponent or in default persons. "In article 11 of the law of 15 May 2007, to which is referred to In Article 181, § 1, of the same law, the various general assignments of the operational services of the Civil Security Eals follows: "§ 1. [...]: 1 ° the rescue and assistance to persons threatening circumstances and the protection of their goods; 2 ° the urgent medical assistance provision as determined in Article 1 of the law of 8 July 1964 on urgent medical assistance; 3 ° the fight against fire and explosion and their consequences; 4 ° the rebelining of pollution and the release of hazardous substances including radioactive fabrics and ionizing radiation; 5 ° the logistical support. § 2 Making integral part of the assignments listed in § 1, 1 °, 3 °, 5 °, the proactions, prevention, the preparation, performance and the evaluation. In the meaning of this section, underneath: 1 ° Proactie : all measures to identify and analyze the risks; 2 ° prevention: all measures to limit the risks or to minimize the consequences of the sich; 3 ° preparation: all measures to guarantee that the service is ready to be to offer the head to a real incident; 4 ° implementation: all measures are thoroughly when an incident actually occurs; 5 ° evaluation: all measures to improve proactions, prevention, preparation and implementation through lessons drawn from the incident. "9." . The concrete scope of the different legal grounds just mentioned, with regard to the jurisdiction of the federal government, has made the object of a general analysis by the general meeting of the department ING legislation of the Council of State in the aforementioned advice 68,936/AV given on 7 April 2021 on a preliminary draft of 'pandemie law'. Current measures in the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie currently gives rise to controversy both in doctrine and in case law, which is the cause of any legal uncertainty, in particular in terms of the case law of the ordinary courts and courts. For example, a judgment of the correctional court of Charleroi (5) and a judgment of the Court of Appeal of Bergen, (6) in which it was considered that the existing ministerial decisions were not had to be put aside. The French -speaking court of first instance of Brussels, on the other hand, has notified in a decision of 31 March 2021, declared the proceedings, that the ministerial decisions of 18 and 28 October 2020 did not, however, appeal to that decision against that decisionIn that context that the minister has taken the initiative for the Interior to work the preliminary design of 'PandemieWet' the preliminary draft, which preliminary design is to provide a clear coherent legal framework in order to be able to deal with "epidemic emergencies in the future ", in the sense as defined in that preliminary draft of law.10.1. The general meeting of the Administrative Jurisdiction Division of the Administrative Jurisdiction Division of a claim for suspension in the context of the COVID-19 Pandemic, among other things, also noticed the following (8): "10. (10. ...) Pursuant to Article 4, first paragraph, of the Act of 31 December 1963, which applies both in wartime and peace time, the Minister from the inside of the Netherlands organizes the means and provokes the measures that are required for the whole country of territory for the civilian protection. She coordinates the preparation and application of that measures in the various ministerial departments as with the public bodies. The 'civil protection' aims not only to ensure the protection and continuation of the population, as well as the indemnification of the country's patrimony in wartime but also to provide assistance and assistance in peacetime case of disastering events, catastrophes and damage eexs such as fires, floods and other such disasters (Parl. St., Senate, 1961-1962, 338, 2). Under such catastrophes, infections with a living virus can also be understood, such as the infection with SARS-COV-2DIE leads to COVID-19. The fact that infections with a life -threatening virus are also conceived by emergency planning also seems to be supported in the Royal Decree of 31 January 2003 that, as is mentioned above, in his preamble refers to various crisis situations including infectious diseases. According to article 3 of the Law of 15 May 2007 includes the 'civil security' all civil measures and resource needed for the completion of the assignments stated in the law to come to the rescue and protect at all times persons and their living environment. "Civil measures" are the measures that are neither of a police nor of a military nature (Article 3 in conjunction with Article 1, §2, 7 °, of the law of 15 May 2007). In the event of imminent circumstances, the minister or his authorized representative, to ensure its protection, may oblige themselves to remove places or strokes that are particularly exposed, threatened or affected, and those who have been involved in these measures designate a provisional place of residence; For the same reason he can prohibit any movement or any traffic of the population '(Article 182 of the law of 15 May 2007). Refusal or omission to support the measures ordered in application of (among other things) Article 182, Peace Time is punished with prison sentence of eight days to three months, and with a fine of twenty -six euros to five hundred euros, or with one of those penalties alone (Article 187, first paragraph). The minister or, where appropriate, the mayor or the zone commander, can also have the Saeping measures ex officio, at the expense of the perseverance or in default (Article 187, last paragraph) .11. In addition, the Minister of the Interior and the Gouverneurop of the law of 5 August 1992 also exercise powers on administrative police. In accordance with Article1 of that Act, they practice, and this without prejudice to the powers that have been granted by law (as, as, in these, the powers of civil security), the powers of the mayor in subsidiary order (among other things) 'when the disruption of public order out of the territory of several municipalities or, even if, even if the event or display is only located in a single municipality, the public interest requires their intervention. 42 of the law of 7 December 1998 `to the organization of an integrated police service, structured on two levels of administrative police within the meaning of Article 3, 1 °, of the same law. (Police) measure in the meaning of Article 3, 1 °, of the Law of 5 August 1992 is understood to mean `any legal or material -lit -setting act of administrative or judicial police that serves an indication, an obligation or prohibition for citizens established that on the basis of Article 135, § 2, second paragraph, 5 °, of the new Municipalities Act, it is the task of the municipalities to provide for a good police, in particular about toilet, the Health, Division and Rest on public roads and places and in public buildingsMore specifically, the following store of police is entrusted to the vigilance and authority of the municipalities, `5 ° take appropriate measures to prevent disasters and pests, such as fire, epidemics and epizoötiën and providing the necessary help to make them stop ' . In subsidiary Order `When the disruption of the public order extends over the territory of various municipalities or, even if, even if the event or the situation is only located in a single municipality, the public interest requires their intervention, that task and the associated Exercise of police authority attributes the Minister of Interior cases (Article 11 of the Act of 5 August 1992). (...) "In the same judgment of 30 October2020, it was then noted that the challenged measures, namely the" Mandatory Closure of the Horeca, with the exception of peripheral activities "for a month," seems to be felt in Article 11 of the Act of 5 August 1992 directly allocated to the Minister, the general legal principle contained in Article 105 of the Constitution seems to have been paid in itself ". It was also considered that" a prohibition of movement is being imposed in the clasp imposed in the sense of Article 182 of the Law of 15 May 2007 under which the Minister can oblige the population, to ensure its protection, in case of vanding circumstances, in which places that are particularly exposed, threatened or affected and even, what the consequence of a ( all) lockdown, for the same reason any relocation or any traffic of the population can be able to improve "(9) 10.2. In some later Arres Ten, always pronounced in the context of a claim to suspend in the event of extremely urgent necessity, has been judged in a similar sense with regard to the closure of the hospitality industry (10) and the closure of certain gambling establishments (11) .10.3. In another judgment of 30 October 2020, the General Meeting of the Administrative Jurisdiction Division, also in the context of a claim to suspend in the event of extremely urgent necessity that it was argued that the minister, partly in the light of the in Article 14 of the Constitution contained legality principle in criminal cases, hair powers had taken into account the establishment of a temporary curfew was not serious. (12) In doing so, the Council of State marked that "the provisions of the law of 31 December 1963 on the remediation of persons and goods, the measures To evacuation of certain places or the insulation measures "have been transferred to Title XI of the Law of 15 May 2007 and that in the Explanatory Explanation Memorandum, Provisions of the Law of 31 December 1963 stated that" the special disasters in which the aforementioned is ample authority The minister is given (...) The cases in which `There is danger VoorradioActiv ISITY or for infection exists' (Parl.st. Senate 1961-1962, Piece 338, 5) "belong. (13) 10.4. From what precedes and from the existing legal grounds that the minister is responsible for the Interior expressed the authority to act in this regard, can be derived, of course below reservation of a possible constitutional assessment of the delegation to the minister who would have to carry out the Constitution Court in this regard (14) and subject to a final judgment by the Divisional Law of the Council of State or of the Court of Cassation on the scope of the legal basis of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020, that the minister's intervention is competent for interior cases in the context of the Coronapandemie may in principle be accepted on the basis of one or the other legal basis, or a combination of these different legal grounds, including Meerelkens the taken taken can be qualified as a place or travel ban, where it m ITS compliance with one or more conditions or modalities is still admitted to being at a certain place or to go to a certain place.11. Based on the above, it is assumed that the designed changes in Articles 1 to 5 and 8 of the draft can be deemed to find sufficient legal basis in the preamble of the designed ministerial decision -receiving various legal provisionsMost of them may in particular be considered as a regulation for which the parties involved are obliged to "remove themselves from places or regions" or where "each installation or any traffic of the population" is forbidden, albeit that it is always a place or displacement ban to which a complex system of conditions is linked: Article 1 of the design arranges the conditions for shopping with more than one person; Article 2 concerns the mandatory decision or the possible opening of certain commercial matters where the distance of 1.5 meters between the service provider and the consumer cannot be guaranteed, as well as the services to and in the house; Article 4 concerns the extent to which persons, on the territory, can come together; Article 3 and Article5 of the draft levy rules with a comparable scope. Article 8 of the draft the possibility, under certain conditions, to deviate from the rules contained in the ministerial decision of 28 October 2020 in the context of test and pilot projects. Insofar as the rules of which can be deviated from on the basis of the determined provision of the legal basis in the provisions listed in the preamble, those legal provisions also offer legal basis for Article 8 of the draft. In so far as the deviation relates (or may) to other parts Of the ministerial decision of 28 October 2020, the legal basis must in principle be sought in the legal provisions that can also offer legal basis for the provisions in question.13. Article 6 of the draft changes in Article27, § 4, of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020, the reference to other provisions of that decision, so that the officials of the General Directorate of Economic Inspectorate of the Federal Public Service Economy, K.M.O., Midden and Energy are added additional made for the investigation and determination of infringements of Articles 5 and 8, § 1, of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020.degisgevige explained the objective of this provision as follows: "Article 6 of the draft vessel an extension of the control authority of the General Directorate Economic Inspectorate, which will also be able to act as a result of reports that it receives from consumers or companies in the establishments mentioned in that provision. (...) The Economic Inspectorate checks, among other things, for the albuming of measures arising from the MB (and, if necessary, on concreteized ones measures arise the sector protocols). "The VRA However, AG arises from which legal provision the minister derives the authority for the Interior of the authority, in addition to the police officers of the local and Federal Pleitie, officials of the General Board to grant the authority regarding the investigation and adoption of infringements of the ministerial decision of 28 October 2020. die With regard to the General Directorate Economic Inspectorate, authority cannot be deduced from book XV ("Law Enforcement") of the Code of Economic Law. For example, Article XV.2 of that Code is authorized to the Minister's Primary Economy (and not the Minister competent for the Interior) to appoint civil servants for the "Investigation and adoption of infringements of this Code, of his implementing decisions of the regulations of the European Union for which this book provides sanctions, with the exception of the provisions included in Book IV and its implementing decisions ". Also the provisions on the special powers of those officials in Articles XV.10/1 and following of the Code of Economic Judications are not the possibility of making them competent for the investigation and adoption of provisions of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020. In accordance with Article XV .10 of the Code of Economic Law, in a decision, after consultation in the Council of Ministers, the King may grant specific powers to the aforementioned official -steaming in order to detect and determine infringements, provided that Royal Decree is confirmed within 18 months of its entry into force at law. However, no use is made of that possibility in the designated ministerial decision, unless a Royal Decree is first worked out to implement the latter legal provision. Article 4 of the Act of 31 December 1963 stipulates that the Minister is responsible for the Domestic Affairs, coordinating the application of the application of the civil protection measures that are necessary for the whole of the country's territory, both at the various ministerial departments and at the public bodies. However, the Council of State believes it should doubt whether such a general provision can be supported to officials of those ministerial departments to grant the authority to investigate the establishment of infringements of the ministerial decision of 28 October 2020It is therefore advisable to create a more certain legal basis for this. To that respect, it can be sought to it for Article 8, 4 °, of the preliminary draft of 'Pandemie Act' stipulating that the supervision of compliance with the measures taken to implement Articles 4 and 5 of those are taken to be adopted is insured by under More that General Directorate Economic Inspection.B. Jurisdiction14. The General Meeting of the Legislation Department recently reminded 68,936/AVvan 7 April 2021, the following: "The authority to combat an epidemic emergency is not a power that as such exclusively to one government the federal, the community or the regional-has been allocated. As the Council of State, the legislation department has already recalled (15) and also reminded during the current COVID-19 Pandemie (16), `Each government is responsible for combating a public health crisis within the limits of its material powers. (17) '(...) In the fight against an epidemic emergency, Federal Government is taking measures in the context of its powers regarding:- the health policy;- the enforcement of public order, in particular Health Enforcement (Sanitary Police)-- Civil Protection and Civil Security-- control of the BU ITEN boundaries; sanitary measures in the context of other federal powers ". In the case of the casu, there are different measures that the present design aims to relax within the scope of the federal powers on sanitary police, civil protection and/or civil safety. In the case of the general meeting of the Legislation department in its advice 68,936/AV The following: "On the basis of its extensive authority on sanitary police, civil protections, the federal government has issued measures in the past that have a major impact on policy areas that have the competence of the communities and/or deGewests. For example, the federal government, in the past, has taken measures in the fight against an epidemic emergency situation such as the conclusion of educational institutions, prohibiting cultural events or only keeping the schools open or only allowing the cultural events under certain sanitary conditions (number of participants, mouth mask and social distance requirement, etc.). Although these measures have a clear sanitary dimension, they can, due to their federal government, only be taken by the federal government when the most important aspect of their efforts can be deemed to be deemed to relate to the sanitary police, the Civil protection and/or civil security, for which the federal government is competent. It happens to the Council of State that the latter will only be the case if triple conditions are met. In first place, the federal government must always respect the proportionality principle in the exercise of her powers. This general principle, which is associated with the federal loyalty of the Constitution (18) prescribed in Article 143, § 1, is all the more important in this matter as the federal powers regarding the enforcement of the public order (sanitary police), civil protection And civil security are so wide that they can, from Hunaard, have a major impact on domains that are the competence of other governments. A responsible exercise of these powers, in accordance with the principle of proportionality, assumes that the decision of the federal government is a careful, scientific insight -based, consideration between on the one hand expected results of the consideration in the fight against an epidemic emergency and other situation and other ones its reversal on the policy domain die belongs to the communities and the regions. It happens to the Council of State that the precursor dedics has the principle of proportionality in the doctrine of the limitation conditions of fundamental rights, mutatis mutandis, also here. The principle implies that `The government in the light of the nature of the facts on which it supports, of the seriousness of those facts and the circumstances of the case, must show that the measure she is considering taking a necessary, appropriate and proportionate measure : In that respect, it is particularly important to ensure that there is a satisfactory right and closely related between the circumstances and the circumstances of the case and the disruption of public order that one wants with the intended police measure on the other hand prevent demand rule (19) to be justified(20) A second condition is that the federal government, which intends to take a measure that has a direct impact on domains that belong to dematerial competence of the federal states, must consult with those other governments in advance (21). Such a consultation may not lead to a distance or transfer of power, it is indispensable the consequences of the measures taken for the policy areas that can be correctly estimated to estimate the competence of disgusting and the regions and thus form a correct picture of it then not proportional nature of the measures taken. Such a consultation must be a conditionalism to be fulfilled to be in accordance with the principle of proportionality. This obligation to contribute does not exclude the result that the federal government, in view of the interdependence of the powers, conducts the consultation in the consultation committee, established at the Articles 31 and 31/1 of the ordinary law of 9 August 1980 `to reform the institutions' and about the measures to be taken a consensus to be taken. It can, however, happen that, in urgent situations (22), this consultation cannot take place, because otherwise the effectiveness of the measures to be taken would be affected. If that is the case, the federal government must be able to justify why it is not possible to consult that consultation and then, it must start consultation as soon as circumstances allow it. Defederal government must finally be there , as a third condition, also to ensure that it is strictly limited to what can be integrated into it authorized today on sanitary police, civil protection of civil security and thereby does not proceed to purely the material powers of another government. It is not possible to take measures without a sanitary dimension in the context of combating a single epidemic emergency based on the powers of administrative police, civil protection/or civil security. This way the federal government can. Laying a mouth mask and a social distance requirement in schools and museums, insofar as that is a proportional and necessary measure (edge ​​number 33), and - in extreme circumstances - self -decisions to close it (23). However, it cannot, however, impose alternative regulations for education and for cultural experience, such as the obligation to offer distance education or to provide for an online museum offer, or vice versa-exclude them. After all, such measures cannot be considered as sanitary measures ".15. In the present case, the research of the three above requirements leads to the following comments:- The requirement of material reliability is apparent from the prospective draft decision that was preceded by an analysis of The recent scientific data (24);- What the requirement for consultation, this has been taken, since the file submitted to the Council of State, shows that a consultation was organized in the consultation committee on 14 April 2021- finally-- finally- appropriate relaxation measures provided for in the present draft, in the context of what can be qualified as sanitary measures.16. In particular with regard to the test and pilot projects from Article 8 of the draft, the question arises whether the federal government is authorized to do so in the context of its powers on civil security, civil protection and sanitary e Police.Kan are assumed that those test and pilot projects provide valuable information for the evaluation and any adjustment of the measures contained in the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020, but that does not mean, as the Council of State has yet explained in aforementioned advice 68,936/AV, that the federal government to the communities (and the regions) "alternative arrangements for education and for cultural experience [can] impose". (25) The aid of the design are probably aware of the possibility that that test - and pilot projects can be interwoven with powers of the communities and the regions, since Article 8 of the draft means "the competent ministers" (26) who also select those projects and help determine the protocol with a framework, calendar and step -step plan for the Organization of those test and pilot projects. In addition, reference is made to the agreement with "the decision of the consultation committee in the matter". ERIS also such "decision" in the designed Article 8, § 4, first paragraph, 4 °, of the Ministerial Decree (Article 2 of the draft)When asked what the legal scope of the latter "decision", the authorized representative replied: "This addition must ensure that the protocols are drawn up on the basis of the decisions made of the consultation committee of 5 February 2021 where the specific modalities for reopening the Contact professions explicitly explained and the consultation committee of 19 March 2021 and 14 April 2021 where the possibility of organizing pilot projects was discussed. "These" decisions "of the consultation committee have no binding legal value (27) and cannot result in the federal government hair As out for outlined powers, by organizing test and pilot projects for which the communities or the regions are competent. (28) It is possible that the federal government works on that organization, specifically from the point of view of its powers, among other things by for those test and pilot projects exemption from Granting measures contained in the ministerial decision of 28oktober 2020 and with the intention of evaluating and adjusting Diot measures based on the findings of those test and pilot projects. The Federal Government can also organize its own proof and pilot project organizing within its material powers. In the competence conformer pretetation, the designed provision can be used.c.c. Vormseists17. Since legal provisions that provide a legal basis for the present draft do not authorize the Minister for the Interior of the Interior to deviate from the mandatory preceding formal requirements, these must in any case be fulfilled.18. Since the legal provisions that do not require the legal land forms of the draft that that draft is determined on the basis of consultation within Deminister Council, follows from Article 6, § 1, of the law of 15 December 2013 `containing various provisions of administrative simplification 'that it is in principle is not obliged to perform an impact analysis in connection with this. And from Article 10 of the Royal Decree of 21 December 2013 'Conducting of Title 2, Chapter 2, of the Act of 15 December 2013 containing various provisions of administrative simplification' it follows that there is no reason to devote a member in the preamble Any ground for exemption from the obligation to perform an impact analysis. The member of the preamble must therefore be canceled. Investigation of the text alternative remark regarding the restriction of fundamental rights - proportionality/equality19. The Administrative Law of the Council of State ruled in its judgment no. 249.904 of 24 February 2021, NV Derby, the following: "Les Parties Requérantes Ne Contestent Pas Que L'Arrêté Ministériel Attaqué Poursuit Un Objectifde Santé Publique et qu'il S ' Agit là d'An Objectif Légitime. Ainsi que relevant le préambule de l'rijkattaqué, La Pression sur les Hôpitaux et Sur La Continuité des Soins non Covid-13 Demeure élevée, Lerisque pouris Publique Persiste. La Prolongation de la Mesurede Fermeture des Bureaux de Paris s'inscrit DONC DANS UN Ensemble de Mesures Qui Emportent des Restrictionsà la Liberté de Mouvement du Public et Aux Entreprises. CES Mesures dans danconge La Santéde Danger Danger Danger Danger Danger Danger Danger Danger Danger Danger Danger Danger Danger Danger Danger Danger Danger Danger Danger Danger Danger Danger Danger Danger Danger Danger Danger Danger Danger Danger Danger Danger Danger Danger. Ont Toutes Pour Objectif de Ralentir et Derendre Gérable La Résurgence et la Propagation exponentielle du Coronavirus, compt Tenu également del'Appelition et de la Circulation de Va Rianants. De la Sonde, L'ruRêté Ministériel Attaqué Consacre Unnouveau Point d'équilibre déterminé par la partie Adverke, and Tenant compt the l'évulution de la situationsanitaire et notamment de l'évolution du nomre d'PeSivets, des hospitations du taux de reproduction, afin de continuer à limiter la propagation du virus. S'il prévoit ainsi quelquesassouplissements Progressifs, notamment pour les Professions The contact non médicales ou les activitésextérieures, il impose et mintient encore de nombruses authes restrictions afi -lesele -lesure lesure lesure lesure lesure lesure lesure lesure lesure lesure lesure lesure lesure lesure lesleure pretuevueliber 28 Octobre 2020, tel Que Modifié NotammentPar L'ruité Ministériel Attaqué, Forment un tout Indivisible et Indissociable.l'arrêté ministérielattaquaque Participe participation à la stratégie the La Partie ivan fondre're, destrian fondre fondre fondre'en fondre's fondre'en fondre'en fondre'en fondre'en fondre'en fondre'en fondre'en fondre'en fondre'en fondre'en fondre'en fondre'en fondre's fondre'en fondre's fondre'en fondre'en fondre'en fondre'en fondre'en fondre'en fondre'en fondre'en fondre'en fondre'en fondre'en fondre'en fondre'en fondre'en fondre'en fondre'en fondre'en fondre'en fondre'en fondre'en fondre'en fondre' Contaminations, La Protection du FonctionSrementdes Hôpitaux et du Secteur de la Santé, et d'Autre Part, La Sauvegarde de l'éconicie Belge et le Bien-ffenéral de la population. La Partie Advertiser A Opté, Depuis Plusieurs Mois, Pour Une Réouverture Progressive Certains Sectors au Regard des Exigences Sanitaires et ÉconomiquesThe Minister of the Interior has a large power of discretionary appreciation to seek a balance between separate interests and often conflicting, in order to achieve a decision which serves the general interest and it does not belong to the Council of State to substitute His appreciation to that of the minister on the strategy to follow in the context of the management of a pandemic. (...) With regard to the principle of proportionality, it should be recalled that the attacked ministerial decree consecrates a new point of balance holding the evolution of the health situation and in particular the evolution of the number of infections, deshospitizations, the rate of positivity and the reproduction rate in order to continue to limit the propagationu virus and that if the attacked decree provides for some Progressive softenings, in particular for non -medical contact approaches or outdoor activities, it still imposes and maintains many other restrictions in order to reach this team free. All the measures provided for by the ministerial decree October 28, 2020, as modified in particular by the ministerial decree attacked, therefore form a toutindisible and inseparable and it is with regard to this set that proportionality is applied. The applicant parties do not dispute that the attacked ministerial decree pursued objective of public health and that this is a legitimate objective. If it is correct that the healthy health must be understood as much physical health and mental health, the preamble to the decree attacked that the opposing party has regarded, in the context of its appreciation of proportionality All of these measures, to the problem of mental health since it decides to gradually proceed with the reopening of non-medical contact professions whose services can precisely be made to the mental well-being of citizens. Contrary to what the applicant parties support, the opposing party therefore did not, during its appreciation, neglected the mental health of citizens ". Bijhet voorliggende havewerp worden een aanal maatregelen die opgelegd waren bij het minister Besluit 28 2020 versoepeld, maar worden ook verschillende beperkingen gehandhaafd. Op die wijze wordtmet het voorliggende ontwerp ernaar gestreefd een nieuw evenwicht te vinden tussen enerzijds het voorkomenvan nieuwe besmettingen en het beschermen van de werking van de ziekenhuizen en van de gezondheidssector,en anderzijds het vrijwaren van de Belgische Economie En Het Algemeen Welzijn Van De Bevolking.deadvieSaanvrager Zal in Het Licht Van Het Grondwetlijk Gewaarborgde Gelijkheidsbeginsel in Staat Moetenzijn Om Aan Te Tonen Dat de Onderscheiden Behandelde Categorieën Van, NogeStreefde doelstellingen via objectity in relevantmiddel in. Algemene OPMERKING INZAKE HET Gebruik van `Protocollen'20.1. VerschillendeBepalingen Uit Het Ontwerp Bevatten Verwijzingen Naar Protocollen (Ontworpen Artikelen 8, § 4, Eerste Lid, 2 °, 3 ° in 4 °, 8, § 4, Tweede Lid, 2 ° in 29, Tweede Lid). Artikel 1, 3 ° , Van Het Miniserieel Besluit van 28 Oktuber 2020 Definieert Een Protocol als "Het Document Bepaald Doorde Bevoegde Minister in Overleg Mettrokken Sector Dat de Regels Bevat Die De Ondernemingen En Verenigingenvan de Bedelde Sector Dienen Toe Tee Passen Bij de uitoefening van." 20.2.Het Antwoord Van De Gemachtigde OP De Trueag Wat de Juridische Waarde is van Deze Protocollen is ambivalent: "Deprotocollen en gidsen vormen een indicatief Beoordelingskader. De Protocollen en Gidsen Kunnen Enkelverordenende Maatregelen, Zoals Bepaald in Het Verordenend.artikel29 van het huidige minister Besluit Bepaalt dat bepalingen van een protocol of gids die minder striktzijn dan de regels van het miniTerieel besluit buiten toepassing worden gelaten. Voor proef- en PilootProjectenkan yesterday van Worden afgewe! Bovendien Valt Niet in Te Zien Waarom Het Ontworpen Artikel 29, Eerste Lid, Van Het Ministryelbesluit Van 28 Oktober 2020 Bepalingen Van Protocollen (Of Gidsen) Buiten Toepassing Zou Moetenindian Deze toch niet abstract in Algemeen Verbinde Zouden Zijn. Vooral de Mogelijkheid in Het have haveworpenartikel 29, tweede lid, van het miniTerieel Besluit van 28 OKTOBER 2020 OM aan de hand protocollenaf te wijken van bepalingen uit het miniTerieel besluit voor proef- en pilootProjecten toont aan datert toch een verordenend waardenend uitgat van. Ook Elders Stelt of Gemachtigde Dat "Deeconomische Inspectie Controllet [..] for compliance with measures arising from the MB (and the cases of concrete measures arising from the sector protocols) ". It should finally be noted that the Article 8, § 4, first paragraph, 2 °, 3 ° and 4 °, in the designed Article 8, § 4, first paragraph, 2 °, 3 ° and 4 ° and second member, 2 ° (Article 2 of the draft) Certain exceptions to the prohibition on certain service performance are accompanied by a reference to "Compliance with the modalities foreseen in Het -Optor Protocol" and that the definition of the concept of "protocol" in Article 1, 3 °, of the Ministerile Decree of 28 October 2020 reports the "Rules to be applied" .20.3. Die ambivalence should be canceled. After all, one of the two of them: either the protocols have no order character but then the concretisations they are not binding, the protocols cannot differ from the ministerial decision, and compliance with it cannot be controlled and maintained by setting up a criminal claim for non-compliance with it; In other words, the protocols are orders are the measures that they are intangibly binding, but then these measures must be included in decisions of the competent government. ADHEF21. In view of the essential information value of the preamble in the submitted design, this must be read on relevance and topicality. (29) Article122. In the second paragraph of the designed Article 5 of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October2020, the provision under 14 ° is replaced as follows: "14 ° A consumer may be accompanied by one person of the same household or by sustainably maintained close contact referred to in Article15bis. The minors of their own household or the people who need guidance may be accompanied by one adult. "23.1. Quite apart from any problems of evidence about those who maintain close contact as referred to in Article 15bis of the Ministerial Decree of 28oktober 2020, the relationship between the first and second phrases must be clarified. They too can only be accompanied by one adult of the same household or by an adult sustainable maintain contact, the second phrase is unnecessary. If the adult companion can be added to the companion of the same household or by sustainably maintained close contact, this must be defined in the dispositive of the designed determination.23.2. More generally, question arises as to how the relaxation for the design provided for in Article 1, 2 °, relates to other provisions of the Ministerial Decree to be changed. For example, Article 13, second paragraph, of that decision stipulates with regard to markets that "individual] is being done and for a period of a maximum of 30 minutes". The authorized representative stated the following: "This is a justified consideration. This discrepancy is unintentioned unintentionally We propose to add the following additional article to the design: Articlex. Article 13 of the same decision makes the following changes: 1 ° The second member is replaced as follows: `The visitors are admitted for a maximum period of 30 minutes . '; 2 ° The third paragraph is replaced as follows: `A visitor may be accompanied by one person from the same household or by sustainable maintaining close contact referred to in Article 15bis. The minors of the own household or the persons who need guidance are accompanied by one adult. TRA (art. 9MB). "Subject to what has been noticed under edge number 23.1 can be agreed to this. Article 7 of the draft extends the measures in the decision to be changed up to and with31 May 2021. Always evaluated in the light of the epidemiological results that evolve from day to day. On the consultation committee of April 14, 2021, there was communication on the planned step -by -step verses of 8 May 2021 on condition that the 65+ age group has reached and reached and reach a vaccination rate of more than 80 percent Provided that the situation in the intensive care department has improved. A new consultation committee is already planned on 23 April 2021 to evaluate the epidemiological situation and to adjust measures if necessary. light of the current condition, this method can be agreedThe main clerk, Gregorydelannayde Chairman of the Council of State, Jacques Jaumotte _________catios (*) This extension stems from Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws on the Council Vanstate, coordinated on January 12, 1973, which is determined in which it is determined that the period of five working days extends to eight working days in the case in which the advice is given by the General Meeting Meting Application of Article 85. (1) To date, the Act has not yet been submitted to the legislation in connection with those various ministerial decisions , or in connection with ministerial decisions that have previously been established in this regard. (2) Adv.RvS 68.936/AV of 7 April 2021 A preliminary draft law 'concerning the administrative police measures during an epidemic sood situation' (hereinafter 'PandemieWet'), . 5. (3) A reference to such a provision must be introduced by "overwhelming" instead of "given". Principles of the legislative technology manual for the preparation of legislative and regulatory texts, www.raadvst-consetat.be, recommendation40. (4) See, among other things, the cases 7543 and 7544 submitted on March 9, 2021. (5) Rb. Hainaut, 9 February 2021, 20C001830, p. 31-34 : « S'il est acquis que le principe de légalité des incriminationset des peines implique que le pouvoir législatif est le pouvoir naturel pour prendre des mesures restrictivesdes droits et libertés individuels, les délégations à d'autres pouvoirs sont largement admises. Il Convientégalement The Relever Que La Délégation à Un Ministre Seul Peut se Justifier Eu Égard à l'Urgence de Lasitation. [...] Il résulte des Dévelpopten qui précèdent qu'il n'y a pas lieu d'écarter l'applicationde l'rrêté ministériel du 23 mars 2020 portant des mesures d'Urgence pour limiter la propagation ducoronavirus covid-19. Les poursuites Exercées par le ministère Public sur la Base de Cet Arrêté Doivent, Partant, être Déclarées Recevables »(6) Bergen, 8 February 2021, 2020/H/361, p. 8: "Il résultede la Lecture Conjointe des Dispositions précitées que l'Imposition de Mesures de Confinement Destinéesà protéger La population Face à une Situation The Danger Sanitaire inopiné Relevoir's pouvoirsaeur de L'Trérérérérérérérérérérésau V'Trérérérérérérérérérérérérérésau V'Trérérérérérérérérésau. LIMITE à CE CADRE D'ABILITATION CONSISTEDANS LA ProportionNalité des Mesures PAR Report à la Catastrophe Subie ou à la Menace Encoure.and l'Espèce, Les Interdictions de Sortie (Sauf Cas Autorisés) et de Rassemblement de Rassemblement La Distanciation Social Peuvent être Analysées Comme des Modalités Relatives ou Atténuéesde Confinement (and CE Sens, Kuty F., Les Implications Pénales de la Sécurité Civile - Les Infractionsà la Réglementation Tendant à Propagation Tendant à Propgationation , Chroniquejudiciaire, 2020, p. 298) et Sont and Lien Avec Les Risques Alors Encourus, Notamment The Propagation Duvirus et The Saturation des Hôpitaux, Que l'rechté Ministé Riel Entendait Contrer. [...] and Conséquence, Il Ressort de Ce qui précède que les arrêtés ministériels dont le ministère public sollicite l'applicationont bien été pris and exécution de la loi d'Habilitation du 15 mai 2007, adoptaire pour feek of the situations the Catastrophes Soudaines ou Imminentes. ”(7) Rb. Brussels (Fr.), Decision, 31 March 2021, no. 2021/14/C:" [...] Il Apparaît Que La Situation Liée à la Pandémiede la Covid 19 N'est Pas, Great Facie, Visée par La Loi du 15 Mai 2007 [...]. La Loi du 15 Mai 2007 Face Situations Bien Spécifiques Qui Ne Recouvrent Pas La Situation The Gestion d'Une Pandémie [...] Ils'avère Que La Fermeture des Divers établissements (Culturels, Festifs, Sportifs, HorecaSta, DES Professions De Contact), La Suspension de l'Oligation Scolaire, La Limitation des RassemblementsPublic Ou Privé, La Limitation de Circuler Depuis et Vers La Belgique Échappent, excellent facie, Aux Notionsque Le Language Courant Nous Impose, des Termes "Réquisition" et , partant, au cadre restrictifet prévisible de l'Abilitation prévue par la li du 15 mai 2007 "(n ° 66 p. 23);` si l'Urgence des premierstemps de l'épidmie aurait puer expliquer qu'Appuyerer sur la Loi Du 15 Mai 2007, Il Ne Paraîtplus Justifier de S'en Prévaloir Plusieurs Mois Après L'émergence de la Crise Sanitaire [...] '(N ° 67- P. 24); `Par Identité de Motifs et Pour Autant Que de Besoin, Les Mêmes Constats d'Illégalité ApparentePeUVENT être POUDS POUR LES Autres Dispositions à l'Appui desquelles l'rijkté ministériel du 28 Octobre2020 et ses arrêtés subséquents on été édictés' (n ° 73 - p. 25). (8) stainless steel (AV) October 30, 2020, nr. 248.818, NV Umami, 10-11. See in the same sense, still about the closure of the hospitality industry, after a motivation, RVS 4 February 2021, no. 249.723, BV Mainego et al. (9) RvS (AVS) 30 October2020, no. 248.818, NV Umami, 11. 10) Stainless steel November 13, 2020, no. 248918, eg Mainego; RVS 4 February2021, no. 249.723, BV Mainego et al. (11) RVS 24 February 2021, no. 249.904, NV Derby et al. (12) RVS (AVS) 30 October 2020, no. 248.819, Verelst et al., 25-30. (13 ) RVS (AV) 30 October 2020, no.248.819, Verelst et al., 28. (14) See now the various questions referred to the Constitutional Court (Supra, Rand number 4) (15) Footnote 19 of the aforementioned advice: adv. RVS 53.932/AV of 27 August 2013 on a proposal that led to the special law of 6 January 2014 `With regard to the sixth state reform '(Parl.st. Senate 2012-13, no. 5-2232/1). (16). ) Footnote 20 of the aforementioned advice: the aforementioned adv. Stainless steel 67.142/AV of March 25, 2020, forth. 6. (17) Footnote 21 of the aforementioned advice: the aforementioned adv. Stainless steel 53.932/AV; See also: adv. Stainless steel 53.018/VR from May 13, 2013 on a draft Royal Decree "containing the health control of the International Severing", comment 9; adv. RVS 66.387/1/V of 29 August 2019 on a design that led to the Royal Decree of 11 December 2019 `concerning the modalities regarding manipulating and storing polioviruses of type 2 ', comment 7.5; GWH 15 February 2009, no. 2/2009, B.5.2. (18) Footnote 74 of the quoted advice: The principle of federal loyalty means for each government obligation to exercise the balance of the federal not to disturb her at all and not to harm the interests of the other entities. The federaleloyautey concerns more than the mere exercise of powers: it indicates in which spirit that must be done. (GWH 18 March 2021, no. 47/2021, Overl. B.11; See also: J. VanPraet, "The general principles of the division of powers", in B. Seutin and G. van Haegendoren (Eds.), The transversal powers the federal Belgium, Bruges, Die Keure, 2017, 53, no. 75). (19) Footnote 75 of the quoted advice: Footnote 4 in the text quoted: in this regard there is a fixed and detailed case law, in particular about general administrative measures Police who have been taken by municipal governments: see for example RVS April 21, 2006, no. 157,849, BVBA. "La Démarche"; April 23, 2010, no. 203.235, CVTrocadero; 24 March 2017, no. 237,779, Amilcar et al. (20) Footnote 76 of the advice quoted: Adv. RVS 63,791/2/V of 6 August 2018 on a preliminary draft of law 'concerning municipal administrative enforcement', alg. OPM. 1, b) (21) Footnote 77 of the advice quoted: see GWH, 18 March2021, no. 47/2021, Over. B.15: "As stated in B.11, the principle of the Federal Loyautitle legislator obliges to ensure that the exercise of his own competence does not make the exercise, by the other legislators, of their powers impossible or overly difficult. When the affairs he wishes to regulate is so intertwined with the matter that falls under the competence of another legislator, he can only exercise his authority after having consulted that other legislator in advance. "See also CC, December 21, 2017, no. 145/2017, Overl. B. 60.2. (22) Footnote 78 of the quoted advice: reference is made to margins 66 and 67 below in connection with the cases in which emergency situations may occur in which measures must be taken very quickly to combat an epidemic sood situation, such as those intended in the preliminary draft (23) Footnote 79 of the quoted advice: Already in the aforementioned advice 67.142/AV of 25 March 2020, the general meeting of the department legislation stated that the King was authorized to "recall schools or universities "(24) See members 33 and following of the preamble of the preliminary preliminary draft:" Whereas our country has been at national level 4 (very high alertness) since 13 October 2020; Coronavirus Covid 19 in Belgium had a fall in the last seven days up to 3,436 confirmed positive cases and on April 15, 2021, April 2021 over a period of 14 days 468 out of 100000 inhabitants is; that the reproduction number on the basis of the new hospitalizations is 0.95; that the pressure on hospitals and on the continuity of non-Covid-19 care still realis and that this has a considerable negative effect on public health; that the hospitals have switched to phase 2a of the hospital -needed plan; Whereas the situation remains very precarious and that should prevent the number of infections and hospitalizations from increasing again; mostly the variant B.1.7 has become dominant in Belgium; that this variant is more contagious and therefore the virus can circulate even more smoothly among the population; that it is therefore necessary to extend certain measures; whereas the vaccination campaign has started and that this already has a clear effect on the infections of people over 65; that the number of hospital admissions and deaths of residents of residential care centers seems to be declining as a result that it is important that it is a maximum coherence in taking measures for the enforcement of public order, in order to maximize its efficiency; that these measures must apply to the goanship area; However, that the local governments have the possibility, taking into account the epidemiological state on their territory, to take stricter measures insofar as they are proportional and in the time -restricted "(25) Adv. Stainless steel 68,936/AV, comment 35. (26) It is not concluded by this, reference is made to ministers of the Community and Regional Governments (see, for example, Article20, third paragraph, of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020). (27) ADV.RVS 68.188/4 of27 October 2020 on a draft that has led to the decision of the Walloon Government of 6 November2020 `Portant Exécution de l'Article 47/15bis du Code Wallon de l'ACTION Social et de la Santé '(general notices), as well as (regarding the National Security Council) Adv.RvS 67,543/4 of 11 June 2020 Agreement designed that led to the decision of the Walloon Government of 16 July 2020 `Portant sur lesmesures d'Urgence and Matière de Taxis, Location de Voitures AVEC Driver et Services Assimilés' (Note Ing in Article 1). (28) It would therefore be preferable to refer in articles 2 and 8 of the design to "the consultation" or "the agreements" in the consultation committee. (29) This is how it is unclear the first consideration: "Considering the consultations between the governments of the federal states and the competent federal governments within the National Security Council, which came together on 10, 12, 17 and 27 March 2020, on 15 and 24 April 2020, on 6, 13, 20 and 29 May 2020, on 3, 24 and 30 June 2020, on 10.15, 23 and 27 July 2020, on 20 August 2020, as well as on 23 September 2020; ", without these meetings being relevant to the ministerial decision of 28 October 2020 and without subsequent to refer to debases of the consultation committee.Publication: 2021-06-02Numac: 2021031562Federal Public Service Home Affairs 7 May 2021-Ministerial Decree amending the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19. - Addenduminhet Belgian Official Gazette No. 132, second edition, of Friday 7 May 2021, page 47138, the official advice of the Council of State is added. Council of State, Legislation Division, Advice 69.305/AV, of 6 May 2021, on a draft ministerial decision `Setting amending the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronaviruscovid-19 on April 29 2021, the Council of State, Department of Legislation, was requested by the Minister of the Interior, Institutional Reforms and Democratic renewal within a time of five working days to eight working days* to provide advice on a draft of ministerial decision `containing amendment to the ministerial decision of 28 October 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19. The design was investigated by the General Meeting on 5 May 2021. The General Meeting was composed of Jacquesjaumotte, chairman of the Council of State, Marnix Van Damme, Pierre Vandnoot , Martine Baguet and Wilfriedvan Vaerenbergh, Chamber Presiders, Chantal Ba MPS, Jeroen van Nieuwenhove, Luc Cambier, Bert Thys, Bernardblero, Wouter Pas, Koen Muylle, Patrick Ronvaux and Christine Horevoets, State Councils, Jan Velaers, Sébastienvan Drooghenbroeck, Christian Behrendt and Johan Put, Assessors, and Gregory Report was released by Xavier Delgrange, first auditor's department, Jonas Riemslagh, auditor, and Anne-Stéphanie Renson, Deputy auditor. The agreement between the French and Dutch text of the advice was checked under the supervision of Jacques Jaumotte. The advice, the text of which follows below, was given on 6 May 2021. Contrary to Article 84, §3, first paragraph, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, the department legislation had to limit itself to the investigation of the authority of the author of the action, of the legal basis, as well as the question of whether the formal requirements to be fulfilled has been met. The design of the Ministerial Decree for advice on the SteltoT change of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 `containing urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 concern '. The changes mainly concern the so-called corona measures. For example, "open terraces" may be operated, the evening clock will be replaced by a gathering ban between 0.00 and 5.00 in the morning and certain activities, such as events, cultural performances and professional sporting competitions, under conditions, are admitted. The design also contains a regulation with regard to the safety of service check employees. In addition, the temporal scope of the thus changed decision is extended to 30 June 2021. The decision to be taken comes into effect on May 8, 2021. II. Recordability2. According to Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, the reasons for advice must be stated to support its emergency, the urgency of the advice of the advice is according to the Advisory applicant motivated by "the necessity to consider measures that are based on epidemiological results that evolve from day to day and of which the latter have justified the measures, that it is therefore urgent to fit, take and extend certain measures, so that it is 8 May 2021 can enter into force. The measures decided during the consultation committee that came together on April 23, 2021 and were approved by the Council of Ministers of 28 April 2021 ". As has already happened with the advice 69,253/AV, given on April 23, 2021, on a draft that became the ministerial decision of 24 April 2021 `Determination of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 containing urgent measures to spread the Coronavirus Covid- 19 to limit ', this motivation may be accepted. III. Preceding remark3. It is the second time that the Legislation Department is thus advised on an application for an adjustment on an adjustment by the minister competent for the Interior of a number of existence measures to combat the coronavirus and on the extension of existing measures.253/AV of 23 April 2021 has the General Meeting of the Legislation Department, giving the very short term within which it had to issue advice, decides to limit its research to the change provisions and the scope of rationing temporis, and this for the following reasons: " This advice was given by the General Meeting of the Legislation Division of the Council of State within a period of five working days, extended to eight working days in application of Article84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the coordinated laws on the Council of State . The thus in this way [G] emet period expires on Wednesday 28 April 2021. Since the ministerial decision of 28 October2020 `containing urgent measures to limit the distribution of the COVID-19 Coronavirus' is up to and including 25 April 2021 (Article 28 of the decision) and this designed change text must take place on Monday 26 April 2021, the general meeting has deemed the appropriate to give this advice waiting until the last day of the [G] Emeten Term, and even on the contrary to give the advice within the initial period of five working days. In those circumstances, the General Meeting of the Council of State legislation wanted to draw attention to the fact that, within the specified period of five working days for the handling of the advisory for advice, the advice it has thus carried out, Strictly limited ISTOT The amendment provisions submitted it, as well as the stipulated application period of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020, to the extent that that period relates to the changes in the Ministerial Decree in question and therefore not about the complete decision, such as It is extended by Article 7 of the draft ". A similar comment applies to the advice, which is essentially limited to the investigation of the new relaxation measures. In any case, it goes without saying that the fact that no comment is made about one or the other determination of the draft, does not mean that these provisions do not grasp Being for criticism or for improvement. The silence of the legislation on those provisions cannot be used to explain the draft decision one or the other. General comments. Legal ground4.Luidens The preamble of the draft is sought in: -artikel 4 of the law of 31 December 1963 `concerning civil protection '- Articles 11 and 42 of the law of 5augustus 1992` On the police officer'- The articles 181, 182 and 187 of the Law of 15 May 2007` in relevant civil security '. It concerns the same legal grounds as that referred to in the preamble of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 himself, as well as in the different decisive decisions to change that Decree, including the Ministerial Decree of 24 April2021 on which the Legislation Division has issued advice 69.253/AV. As also in Advies69.253/AV, the question is to what extent delegations are possible by the legislator to the minister of the Minister of Interior in principle In addition to the investigation of this request for advice. Although questions have been asked for the Constitutional Court for preliminary ruling. (ii) As long as the Court of Appeal has not pronounced itself and has established an unconstitution, if necessary, dedes -relevant legal provisions will remain in force. In the investigation of a draft decision, the provisions that the legislator has established is in principle assumed, although they must of course be interpreted even more. Article 4 of the Law of 31 December 1963 `With regard to civil protection 'as follows:" The minister whose authority of the Interior Affairs belongs, organizes the resources and provokes the measures that are required for the whole country of territory for civil protection. He he. Coordinates the preparation and application of those measures in both the different -ministerial departments and in the public bodies. That coordination also relates to all measures in connection with the use of the resources of the nation, which are already taken in peacetime with a view to the civil protection in wartime. The Minister Exercise of authority with regard to the issues related to the civil protection that is being dealt with ininternational organizations, and following the International Chass of this area. "6." 6Article 11 of the Law of 5 August 1992 'On the police officer' is as follows: "Without prejudice to the powers that they have been granted by or pursuant to the law, Minister of the Interior and the Governor practiced the powers of the mayor or of the municipal institutions in subsidiaryire Order out when these, whether or not voluntarily, do not comply with their responsibilities, when the disruption of public order extends over the territory of diverse municipalities or, even if, even if the event or the situation is only located in a single municipality, the public interest Their intervention requires the powers of administrative police in the meaning of Article 3, 1 °, except those who form the object of Article 42 of the Act of 7 December 1998 to organize an integrated police service, in structured cap two levels . "Article 3, 1 °, of the police officer, to which explicitly referred to in Article 11 of the same law, defines the "police measures" as any legal or material -litable act of administrative or judicial police that contains an indication, an obligation or prohibition for citizens. The powers exercised by the mayor or the municipal institutions must also be understood if a reference to the relevant provisions regarding the new Municipalities Act, in particular its Articles 119, 134 and 135. Article 42 of the same law reads as follows: "When in danger If his assignment is fulfilled or when persons are in danger, each member of the operational framework can claim the help or assistance of the persons present on site in the event of an absolute necessity, he can also claim the help or assistance from any other useful person . The advanced help or assistance is not allowed to jeopardize. "7. de Articles 181, 182 and 187 of the law of 15 May 2007" concerning civil security "are Tosslot as follows:" Art. 181. § 1. The Minister or his representative can, in the event of interventions stated in Article 11, claim the persons and goods that he deems necessary in the absence of available public services. To the mayor, as well as the zone commander and, in the delegation of the same, to the officers during interventions of these services in the context of their assignments. Dekoning records the procedure and the further rules of the remediation. § 2. Dekstosten attached to the removal of persons and affairs and reimburse these costs to the entitled parties: 1 ° the State, when it is the minister or his representative who proceeds to the claim; 2 ° the municipality when it is the mayor who proceeds to the claim; 3 ° the zone when the zone commander or the officers who proceed to the claim. The costs are not owed when they arise from the repair of the damage caused to the persons and affairs that occurred and arising from accidents that took place in The course of or through the fact of the performance of the operations with the eye on which the claim took place, when the accident was deliberately caused by the victim. § 3. During the duration of the performance, the employment contract and the learning contract are suspended for the benefit of the employee who are part of these services or that were called. 182. In the event of imminent circumstances, the Minister or his attorney may oblige the population to assert its protection from places or regions that are particularly exposed, threatened or affected, and those who are involved in these measures designate a provisional place of residence ; For the same reason, he can prohibit any relocation or traffic of the population. This self -authority is granted to the mayor. (...) Art. 187. Refusal or omission to support the measures ordered in application of Articles 181, § 1, and 182, is punished in peacetime with prison sentence of eight days to three months, and with a fine of twenty -six euros to five hundred euros, or with one of those penalties only. In wartime or in the same periods, refusal or omission is to behave according to the measures for the application of Article 185 have been ordered punished with prison sentence of three months to six months with a fine of five hundred euros to a thousand euros, or with one of one of Those penalties only. Deminister or, where appropriate, the mayor or the zone commander, can also have the stated post -office carried out, at the expense of the opponent or in default persons "In article 11 of the Act of 15 May 2007, to which reference is made in Article 181, § 1, of the same law, the various general assignments of the operational services of the Civil Security Eals follow: "§ 1. [...]: 1 ° the rescue and assistance to persons threatening circumstances and the protection of their goods; 2 ° the urgent medical assistance as determined in Article 1 of the law of 8 July 1964 on urgent medical assistance; 3 ° the fight against fire and explosion and their consequences; 4 ° the control of pollution and the release of hazardous substances including radioactive fabrics and ionizing radiation; 5 ° the logistical support. § 2 Making integral part of the assignments listed in § 1, 1 °, 3 °, 5 °, The proactions, prevention, preparation, implementation and the evaluation. In the meaning of this section, understood: 1 ° Proactie: All measures to make the risks and to make the risks analyzing; 2 ° prevention: all measures to limit the risks to minimize or to minimize the consequences of the sich; 3 ° preparation: all measures to guarantee that the service is ready to cope with a real incident; 4; ° Implementation: All measures are thoroughly when an incident actually occurs; 5 ° evaluation: all measures to improve proactions, prevention, preparation and implementation through lessons drawn from the incident. " , with regard to the competence of the federal government, has been the subject of a general analysis by the general meeting of the Legislation of the Council of State in the advice 68,936/AV on 7 April2021 on a preliminary draft that the draft draft has become "concerning the administrative police measures during an epidemic emergency" (read below, the design of "PA NDEMOWET '). (III) Define of existence, in those different texts, of a sufficient legal basis for determining, by ministerial decisions, of the current measures in the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie Votomandally Reason for controversy in both the doctrine If in case law, which is the cause of intigues uncertainty, in particular in terms of the judiciary of the ordinary courts and courts. For example, Kangewegen are on a judgment of the Correctional Court of Charleroi (IV) and on a judgment of Hethof by Bergen, (V) in which it was considered that the existing ministerial decisions should not be put aside. The French -speaking court of first instance of Brussels, on the other hand in a decision of 31 March 2021, pronounced in summary proceedings, ruled that the Ministerial Decisions of 18 and 28 October 2020 have no sufficient legal basis. (VI) The Belgian State has appealed to that decision (VII). While this request for advice Hangendewas: - In a decision of 30 April 2021 of the French -speaking court of first -term Brussels on the closure of the hospitality industry, it was re -ruled, among other things, that it could not support the law of 15 May 2007; (VIII)- and the aforementioned judgment of the Court of Appeal of Brussels of Brussels of 27 April 2021 decided to deal with unequal treatment on the basis of Article 15, §3, of the aforementioned Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 that implies a violation of Articles10 and 11 of the Constitution. (IX) In that context, it is that the government has taken the initiative to work out the aforementioned design of 'PandemieWet', which designs to provide a clear and coherent legal framework in order to better deal with it in the future " Epidemic emergency situations, in the sense as defined in that draft law.9.1. About the so-concerned legislative provisions, the general meeting of the Administrative Law Division, in the context of a claim for suspension in the event of extremely urgent necessity, has in the context of the COVID-19 Pandemie also noted the following (X): "10. (...) under Article4, first paragraph, of the law of 31 December 1963, which applies both in wartime and peace time, Minister of the Interior organized Matters and provides the measures that are required for civil protection for the whole of the national territory. She coordinates the preparation and application of those measures Both at the various ministerial departments and at the public bodiesThe 'civil protection' aims not only to ensure the protection and continuation of the population, as well as that the country's patrimony in wartime, but also to provide assistance and assistance in peace time in the event of disaster events, catastrophes and damage such as fires, floods and floods and floods and floods and floods, and floods and floods, and floods and floods, and floods and Other such disasters (Parl. St., Senate, 1961-1962, 338, 2). Under such catastrophy, infections with a living virus can also be understood, such as the infection with SARS-COV-2 that leads to COVID-19. The fact that infections with a life -threatening virus are also contained by emergency planning also seems to be supported in the Royal Decree of 31 January 2003 that, as proved above, in his preamble refers to various crisis situations including infectious diseases. According to article 3 of the Law of 15 May 2007, the "civil security" includes all civil measures and resources needed for the completion of the assignments stated in the law to come to the help of and protect their living environment at all times. "Civil measures" are the measures that are neither of a police nor of a military nature (Article 3 in conjunction with Article 1, §2, 7 °, of the law of 15 May 2007). In the event of imminent circumstances, the minister or his authorized representative, to ensure its protection, may oblige themselves to remove places or strokes that are particularly exposed, threatened or affected, and those who have been involved in these measures designate a provisional place of residence; For the same reason he can prohibit any movement or any traffic of the population '(Article 182 of the law of 15 May 2007). Refusal or omission to support the measures ordered in application of (among other things) Article 182, Peace Time is punished with prison sentence of eight days to three months, and with a fine of twenty -six euros to five hundred euros, or with one of those penalties alone (Article 187, first paragraph). The minister or, where appropriate, the mayor or the zone commander, can also have the Saeping measures ex officio, at the expense of the perseverance or in default (Article 187, last paragraph) .11. In addition, the Minister of the Interior and the Gouverneurop of the law of 5 August 1992 also exercise powers on administrative police. In accordance with Article1 of that Act, they practice, and this without prejudice to the powers that have been granted by law (as, as, in these, the powers of civil security), the powers of the mayor in subsidiary order (among other things) 'when the disruption of public order out of the territory of several municipalities or, even if, even if the event or display is only located in a single municipality, the public interest requires their intervention. 42 of the law of 7 December 1998 `to the organization of an integrated police service, structured on two levels of administrative police within the meaning of Article 3, 1 °, of the same law. (Police) measure in the meaning of Article 3, 1 °, of the Law of 5 August 1992 is understood to mean `any legal or material -lit -setting act of administrative or judicial police that serves an indication, an obligation or prohibition for citizens established that on the basis of Article 135, § 2, second paragraph, 5 °, of the new Municipalities Act, it is the task of the municipalities to provide for a good police, in particular about toilet, the Health, Department and Rest on public roads and places and in public buildings. More specifically, the following store of police is entrusted to the vigilance and authority of the municipalities, `5 ° take appropriate measures to prevent disasters and pests, such as fire, epidemics and epizoötiën and providing the necessary help to make them stop ' . In subsidiary Order `When the disruption of the public order extends over the territory of various municipalities or, even if, even if the event or the situation is only located in a single municipality, the public interest requires their intervention, that task and the associated Exercise of police authority attributes the Minister of Interior cases (Article 11 of the Act of 5 August 1992). †) "In the same judgment of 30 October2020 it was then noted that the challenged measure, namely the" mandatory closure of DeHoreca, with the exception of peripheral activities ", for a month," seems to be integrated into Debij Article 11 of the law of 5 August 1992 authority directly allocated to the Minister so that the general legal principle appears to be met in Article 105 of the Constitution ". It was also considered that" a prohibition of travel can be given in the conclusion in the meaning of Article 182 of the law of 15 May 2007 under which the minister can oblige the population, in case of vandal circumstances, to ensure its protection, in which places that are particularly exposed, threatened or affected and even, what the conception of a (entire) lockdown , for the same reason every relocation or any traffic of the population can be able to order ". (XI) 9.2. In some later judgments, Always pronounced in the context of a claim to suspend in the event of extremely urgent necessity, with reference to this judgment of 30 October2020, in the same sense with regard to the closure of the hospitality industry (XII) and the closure of certain gambling devices (XIII) .9.3. . In another judgment of 30 October 2020, the General Meeting of the Administrative Jurisdiction Division of the Council of State, also in the Framework for suspension in the event of extremely urgent necessity, that a means in which it was argued that the minister, partly in the light of the in the in Article 14 of the Constitution contained legality principle of criminal cases, its powers had taken out with the adoption of a temporary evening clock knee. (XIV) In doing so, the Council of State noted that "the provisions of the Act of 31 December 1963 concerning the claim of persons and goods, the measures to evacuation of certain places or the insulation measures" were transferred to Title XI of the Act of 15 May 2007 and The explanatory memorandum on those provisions of the law of 31 December 1963 stated that "the special disasters in which the aforementioned very broad authority is given to the minister (...) among other things in which" there is a danger of radioactivity or For infection exists' (Parl.st. Senate1961-1962, piece 338, 5) "belong (XV) .9.4. From what precedes and from the existing legal grounds the minister explicitly granted the authority for the interior to be relevant, it seems to be derived, of course, subject to a possible constitutional test of the delegation to the minister who should carry out the Constitutional Court in this regard (XVI) and subject to a final judgment by the Administrative Law Division of the Council of Stateof by the Court of Cassation on the scope of the legal basis of the Ministerial Decree of28 October 2020, that the minister's intervention for the Interior in the framework of the Coronapandemie may in principle be accepted on the basis or of one or the other mentioned legal basis, or a combination of these different legal grounds, including the KanGekwalified measure, among other things as a place or relocation prohibition, whereby it is compliance with one or one or Multiple conditions Oh F modalities still admitted is to be in a certain place or to go to a certain place.9.5. It must be established that Article 26 of the Decree to be changed as follows as follows: "Institutions of the provisions of the following articles are curbed with the penalties determined by Article 187 of the Act of 15 May 2007 in question Civil Security:- articles 5 to 11, with the exception of the provisions that relate to the relationship between the employer and the employee;- Article 13, with the exception of the provisions relating to the relationship between the employer and the employee, and to the obligations of the competent Municipal government;- Articles 14, 15, 15bis, 19, 21 and 25. " Dein the first paragraph of Article 187 of the Act of 15 May 2007 provided for sanction applies in the event of "[W] Egging or failure to behave according to the measures ordered in application of Articles 181, § 1, EN182". Since it does not belong to the minister to expand or limit the scope of that provision, the minister himself seems to be of the opinion that the parts of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 that are listed in the quoted Article 26 will be found in (among other things ) Article 182 of the Law of 15 May 2007 (XVII), while the parts that fall outside that list can find a legal basis in that legal provisionIn this regard, the representatives of the Minister declared the following: "The provisions that are not sanctioned via Article 26 find their legal basis in Article 11 of the Police Office Act. These provisions are also often ininquent for other legislation for which compliance is checked by other authorities (Such as legislation in connection with well -being at work) or that refer to other bodies of the federal, regionalof local government. Incidentally, compliance with some provisions that were not repeated in Article26 is very difficult to controllable and therefore also little sanctionable on the site. An interpretation: • Articles 5 to 11 concern the conditions under which certain commercial matters can be opened, goods and services can be delivered and the like more. In the event of non -compliance with these rules, a sanction will follow in accordance with art. 26; • Art. 12 is a provision ten regarding the local government, which cannot be sanctioned in accordance with art. 2 6; • Article13, with the exception of the provisions relating to the relationship between the employer and the employee, and to the obligations of the competent municipal government; • Articles14, 15, 15bis concern obligations on the basis of the citizen, which are sanctioned in accordance with art.26; • Article 16 concerns a provision intended for the local government; • Article 18 determines the modalities under which an event as determined in Article 15 can be organized. A violation of Article 18 cannot in itself be sanctioned if Article 18 is not not this is respected, this leads to a violation of Article 15 ".9.6. Specifically about the enforcement of the designed Article 2, § 2bis, of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 (Article 2 of the design), which concerns the situation of service check workers, the authorized representative on Article 238 of the Social Criminal Code, regarding the "obligations imposed in the window of the urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 ", which is as follows:" With entrepreneurship of level 2, the employer, the employer, are appointed or his proxy, or anyone who imposed the obligations in the article in article 15 of the Special Powder Decree No 37 to implement Articles 2 and 5 of the Law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes to take measures to the Koningom in the fight against the spread of the COVID-19 (II) coronavirus to support the employees Not compliance with the application of this article is understood by "companies": "All jobs" as defined in article 16, 10 °, of this Code. For the first paragraphs referred to in the first paragraph committed by the employer, have been appointed or proceedings, is a report on the number of employees involved. "Article 15 of the Special Feat Decree. 37 (XVIII), in turn, reads as follows: "The obligations provided in the window of dedring measures taken by the Minister of the Interior to limit the distribution of the Coronaviruscovid-19 should be respected in the companies as prevention measures to take the safety and to ensure the health of the employees. "The fact that the non-compliance with certain measures to limit the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19, namely those considered in companies and which can be considered prevention measures to the safety of employees To be insured, on the basis of these provisions it can be sanctioned, of course does not alter the fact that the minister must first of all have a service for the Interior of the Netherlands to determine those measures. 10. In view of the above -mentioned, the following comments may be made with regard to the legal basis of the present design.10.1. The designed Article 2, § 2bis, of the Ministerial Decree of28 October 2020 consists essentially of two parts. The first paragraph stipulates that the employer must provide the service check employee with regard to the safety material. The second member vat a scheme regarding whether or not to leave the workplace for the service check employee can not perform or continue the work in safe circumstances. About the sculpture of this last provision, the authorized representatives of the Minister provided the following explanation: "Cettedisposition Apporte des Clarifications and Précisant Les Modalités Dans Lesquelles Le Travailleur Peutexercer Son Droit. Conformément à li article 27, § 1er, 2 °, de la 3 Juillet 1978 RelateveTX Contrats The Travail, Le Travailleur A Droit à la Rémunération Qui Lui Serait Revenue S'Il Avait PuacCOMPLIR SA Tâche Journalière. "As it turned out, the minister does not assume that the designed scheme can support Article 182 of The law of 15 May 2007 (marginal 9.5)This opinion can be included, since the designed regulations can be obviously considered and a prohibition or displacement prohibition on which certain conditions or modalities are linked or not. Also Article 4 of the Act of 31 December 1963 "concerning the civil protection" and Article 11 of the law of 15 August 1992 "On the police office", the preamble of the draft decree for legal grounds are put forward. On the basis of these provisions, the minister can on the one hand. Organize the resources and provoke the measures that are required for civil protection (Article 4 of the Act 31 December 1963) and, on the other hand, on the other hand, the place of the mayor and the municipal institutions, which,, implies that Deminister "police regulations "will be able to issue within the meaning of Article 119 of the New Municipalities Act (Article 11 of the Act of 15 August 1992). The Council of State can agree that DEVERLATIONS TO WILL WEAR A MOTH MASHER in certain places or in certain circumstances or to have a disinfecting tile or a similar product, in principle, even if a sanitary police measure can be considered. The scope of the designed Article 2, § 2bis, first paragraph, gaiter much further. The designed Article 2, § 2bis, first paragraph, involves very precise obligations for employersmers to make mouth masks and disinfecting gel or a similar product. The designed Article 2, § 2bis, second paragraph, also concerns an employment law provision, which provides for the notification to the employer and the suspension of the work or the right to leave the workplace, although the employer's agreement is required by the employer unsafe situation less than half of the foreseen performance time lasts.10.2. Although it also has designed Article 2, § 2bis, it has sanitary objectives, it involves detailed regulation of obligations for the employer and rights for the employee's safety on the work that there may be doubts about whether the Legal Declaration Daartoe stated in the preamble can offer a sufficient legal basis and whether rather legal basis should be sought in the legislation on safety at work. Also the scoopers of the design of decisions also realize this Since they also put other potential grounds for the aforementioned provisions. Asked to highlight the legal basis of Article 2 of the draft, the representatives of the Minister first of all refer to the Decree designated in the preamble of the Legal Decree. However, they added the following: "D'Autrepart, Les Mesures de l'ruRêté ministériel Cadrent Dans Les Dispositions Relatives à la Santé et au bien-êtredes travailleurs: La Loi Relative au Bien-être des Travailleurs Lors de Lors de Lors de Lors de Lors de Lors de Lors de Lors de Lors de Lors de Lors de Lors de Lors de Lors de Lors de Lors de Lors de Lors de Lors de Lors de Lors de Lorécute de Leur Travail, article 4; le code du bien-ffre au travail, notamment:- article I.2-26- Article4, § 1, art. 5, § 3- art. 6 Welfare Act Employees 4/8/96- Articlei .2-2, art. I.2-16, art. I.2-24 Codex Welfare at work; and the law of 20 July 2001: Art.7nonies Law of 20 July 2001 promoting neighborhood services and jobs " The Council of Statestelt, however, determined that none of these provisions authorized the Minister competent for the Interior to take the designed measures. The permissions contained in Articles 4, 5 and 6 of the law of 4Augustus 1996 "concerning the well -being of employees in the performance of their work" are all focused on the king. The exercise of the authorization (XIX) provided for in Article 4, § 1, fourth paragraph, of the Act of 4 August1996 to, in the event of an epidemic or pandemic, determine special prevention measurement measurement, also requires the prior consultation in the Council of Ministers on the designated Royal Decree. The provisions of the Codex cited by the representatives on the well -being at work are related to the designed scheme (XX), but none of those provisions contains delegations to determine additional or deviating regulations. (XXI) The authorization contained in Article 7nonies of the Law of 20 July 2001 `TOT PROMOTION OF NEIGHTS AND Cours' to determine the special modalities of the regulations regarding safety, health and well -being at the work that applies to the implementation of a Employment Checks' Checks "is also addressed to the king. Helutop All the foregoing and on the doubts that may arise with regard to the grounds for the plus, at least with regard to Article 2, § 2bis, the Council recommends Statean to include the detailed regulation in a Royal Decree that finds the legal basis in the stated provisions regarding safety at work. (XXII) b. Competence 11The general meeting of the legislation department recently reminded 68,936/AV of 7 April 2021 the following: "The authority to combat an epidemic emergency is no power that as such exclusively is to one government- the federal, community or regional- has been assigned. As the Council of State, the legislation department has already recalled (XXIII) and also during the current COVID-19 Pandemie (XXIV), `Every government is responsible for combating a public health crisis within the limits of its own material powers. '(XXV) (...) In the fight against an epidemic emergency, the federal government measures can take in the context of its powers regarding: - the health policy; - the enforcement of public order, in particular the enforcement of the Health in public (sanitary police)-- civil protection and civil security;- the control of the external borders;--sanitary mow Tregelen in the context of other federal powers. "In the present case, the most supply measures of the present design fall under the federal powers regarding sanitary police, civil protection and/or civil security. In all, the general meeting of the legislation in the aforementioned advice 68.936/ AV stated the following: "On the basis of its extensive authority on sanitary police, civil protection and civil security, the federal government has issued measures in the past that have a major impact of the policy domains that belong to the competence of the communities and/or the regions. For example, in the past, the federal government has taken measures in the fight against an epidemic emergency such as the closing of educational institutions, prohibiting cultural events or only keeping the schools open or only allowing cultural events under certain sanitary conditions (number of participants, mouth mask and social distance requirement, etc.). Although these measures have a clear sanitary dimension, they can, because of their radical impact on policy areas of other governments, only be taken by the federal government when the most important non -spectervan, in view of their efforts, can be deemed to relate to the sanitary police, the Civil protection and/or civil security, for which the federal government is competent. The Council Vanstate happens that the latter will only be the case if three conditions are met.33. In first place, the federal government must always answer the proportionality principle in the exercise of its powers. This general principle, which is related to the Federal Loyauteit (XXVI) in Article 143, § 1, is all the more important in this matter as the Federal powers regarding the enforcement of public order (sanitary police), the civilian Protection and civil security are so wide that, by their nature, they can have a major impact on domain ends are among the competence of other governments. A responsible exercise of these powers, in accordance with the principle of proportionality, assumes that the decision of the federal government is a careful consideration of scientific insights, preceding the results of the consideration against an epidemic seal and other way of the fight against an epidemic situation and otherwise Influence in the policy areas that are to the communities and the regional accessories. It happens to the Council of State that the scope that has the principle of proportionality in the doctrine of limitation of fundamental rights, mutatis mutandis, also applies here. It implies that "the government in the light of the nature of the facts in which it supports, of the seriousness of the facts and the circumstances of the case, must prove that the measure she is considering is taking a necessary, appropriate and proportional measure : In that respect, it is very particularly important to ensure that there is a sufficiently direct and closely link in the meantime the circumstances and the circumstances of the case and on the other hand the disruption of the public order to prevent the intended police measure In order for the measure to be justified. (XXVII) "(XXVIII) 34. A second condition is that the federal government, which intends to take a measure that has a direct impact on domains that belong to the material jurisdiction of the partial states, must consult in advance to commit with those other governments (XXIX)Although one -yourself consultation may not lead to a distance or transfer of authority, it is indispensable the consequences of the measures taken for the policy areas that are possible to correctly estimate the competence of disgusting communities and the regions and thus form a correct picture of all then not proportional nature of the measures taken. Such a consultation must be a conditionalism to be fulfilled to be in accordance with the principle of proportionality. This obligation to contribute does not exclude the result that the federal government, in view of the interdependence of the powers, conducts the consultation in the consultation committee, established at the Articles 31 and 31/1 of the ordinary law of 9 August 1980 `to reform the institutions' and about the measures to be taken a consensus to be taken. It can, however, happen that, in urgent situations, (XXX) this consultation cannot take place, because otherwise the effectiveness of the measures to be taken would be affected. If that is the case, the federal government must be able to justify why it is not possible to consult consultations and then, then, it must start that consultation as soon as circumstances allow it.35.The federal government Finally, as a third condition, also ensure that it is strictly limited to what can be integrated into her b Evtenants on sanitary police, civil protection of civil security and thereby does not proceed to purely the material powers of another government. It is not possible to take measures without a sanitary dimension in the context of combating a single epidemic emergency based on the powers of administrative police, civil protection/or civil security. This way the federal government can. Laying a mouth mask and a social distance requirement in schools and museums, insofar as that there is a proportional and necessary measure (edge ​​number 33), and - in extreme circumstances - self -decisions to close it (xxxi). However, it cannot, however, impose alternative regulations for education and for cultural experience, such as the obligation to offer distance education or to provide for an online museum offer, or - reversed - exclude them. After all, such measures cannot be considered as sanitary measures. "12.1. In this case, the research of the three aforementioned requirements gives rise to the following comments:- With regard to material proportionality, the preamble of the present design that it was preceded by an analysis Of the recent scientific data; (XXXII) -which concerns the requirement on consultation, that has been taken into account, since the file submitted to Derad van State shows that a consultation was organized within the consultation committee on 14 and 23 April 2021; - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Finally, the relaxation measures that are intended in the present draft can be considered sanitary measures.12.2. In particular, which is in particular the limitation of the noise level as referred to in Article 3, 3 °, of the draft (designed Article 6, § 3, first paragraph , 11 °), the representatives of the minister, to the question of which objective of the level of health This pursues, the following answered: "[E] and sound threshold necessary because it is established that people in company start speaking much louder and can therefore also spread much more powerful infected drops when they are in a noisy environment". It appears that the limitation of the noise level can be considered as a sanitary measure in the fight against the coronavirus, which can be taken by the federal government despite the fact that that measure has an impact on the regional authority in the fight against the noise pollution as referred to in Article 6 , § 1, II, first paragraph, 1 °, of Debijzoral Act for the reform of the institutions of 8 August 1980. 12.3. With regard to the measures with regard to the service checks, as referred to in Article 2 of the draft, which fall under dematerial authority of the federal government regarding labor law and well -being at work (art. 6, §1, II, 3 °, et v, et v, fifth paragraph, 12 °, of the Special Law for Reformation of the Institutions of 8 August1980)(XXXIII) Although the regions, in accordance with Article 6, § 1, IX, 8 °, of the Special Act for Reformation of the Institutions of 8 August 1980, are competent for the service checks, but the Federal Government "remains responsible for the aspects related to the Employment law (on the basis of Article 6, § 1, VI, fifth paragraph, 12 °, of the special law), such as those with regard to employment conditions in the sector, the regulation with regard to the welfare of employees at work, the provisions for social consultations , the wage policy and the employment contract service checks (Chapter II, Section2, of the law of 20 July 2001) that connects the employee with the service check company, including the sanctioning of the infringements of employment law and social security law ". (XXXIV) C. form requirements13. Since in the legal provisions that offer the legal basis for the present design, the Minister is not authorized for the Interior to deviate from the mandatory formal requirements, those formal requirements must in any case be taken into account. Fundamental rights - Propertiness equality14. In Advies 69,253/AVvan 23 April 2021, the General Meeting of the Legislation Division reminded of the following: "The Administrative Jurisdiction Division of the Council of State ruled in its judgment No 249,904 of 24 February 2021, NV Derby, the following:` Lesson Parties Requérantes Ne Contestent Pas Que L'rocté Ministériel Attaqué Poursuit Un Objectifde Santé Publique et qu'agit là d'Agit Légitime. Ainsi que le Relève le préambule de l'rocêtétaqué, La des soins non covid-49 demeure élevée, lerisque pour la santé public persiste et des compromis doivent être faits. la prolongation de la mesurede fermeture des bureaux de paris s'inscrit donc dans un ensemble de mesures qui-emportentententententententententententententententententententententententententententententententententententententententententententententententententententententententententententententententententententententententententent Public et Aux Entreprises. CES Mesures Sont Prises Afin de Protéger la Santéde la population Dans des Circonstances Dangereuses. Elles ontes Pour Objectif de Ralentir et Derendre Gérable La Résurgence et la propagation exponentielle du Coronavirus, compt Tenu également del'achtelition et de la Circulation de Variatants. De la Sonde, L'ruRêté Ministériel Attaqué Consacre Unnouveau Point d'équilibre déterminé par la partie Adverke, and Tenant compt the l'évulution de la situationsanitaire et notamment de l'évolution du nomre d'PeSivets, des hospitations du taux de reproduction, afin de continuer à limiter la propagation du virus. S'il prévoit ainsi quelquesassouplissements Progressifs, notamment pour les Professions The contact non médicales ou les activitésextérieures, il impose et mintient encore de nombruses authes restrictions afi -lesele -lesure lesure lesure lesure lesure lesure lesure lesure lesure lesure lesure lesure lesure lesure lesleure pretuevueliber 28 Octobre 2020, tel Que Modifié NotammentPar l'ruité Ministériel Attaqué, Forment un tout Indivisible et Indissociable. L'ruité ministérielattaqué Participe Clairement à la Stratégie de la Partie Advertée Sur un Équilibre Permanent àtrouver Entre, d'Une part, la prévention de nouvelles contamation, la protection du foncteurdes, dapitaux , La Sauvegarde de l'économie Belge et le Bien-ffenegénéral de la Population. La Partie Advertis A Opté, Depuis Plusieurs Mois, Pour Une Réouverture Progressive Certains Sectors au Regard des Exigences Sanitaires et Économiques. Le Ministre de l'Intérieur disposed'un large pouvoir d'appréciation discrétionnaire pour rechercher un équilibre entre des intérêts distinctset souvent conflictuels, afin de parvenir à une décision qui sert l'intérêt général et il n'appartientpas au Conseil d'Etat de substituer Son Appréciation à Celle du Ministre sur la Stratégie à Suivre Dansle Cadre La Gestion d'Une Pandémie. (...) S'Agissant du Principe The Proportion Frame, Il Convient De Rappeler Que l'ruveau Point D'Ristériel Attaqure Tenantcompte de l'évolution de la Situation Sanitaire et Notamment de l'évolution du nombre d'infections, desshospitalisations, du taux de positivité et du taux de reproduction afin de continuer à limiter l'rusaqutaquert Progressifs Notamment Pour Lesson Prosessions The Contact Non Médicales Ou Les Activités Extérieures, Il Impose et Maintient Encore The Nombrususautres Restrictions Afin d'Tindre Cet Équilib re. Toutes les Mesures prévues par l'ruité ministérieldu 28 octobre 2020, tel que modifié notamment par l'rrêté ministériel Attaqué, forment donc un toutindivisible et indissociable etc.est au v'Ild d'est d'est d'est d'est d'est d'est d'est d'est d'est d'est d'est d'est d'est d'est d'est d'est d'est d'est d'est d'est d'est d'est d'est d'est d'est d'est dThe applicant parties do not dispute that the attacked ministerial decree pursued objective of public health and that this is a legitimate objective. If it is correct that the healthy health must be understood as much physical health and mental health, the preamble to the decree attacked that the opposing party has regarded, in the context of its appreciation of proportionality All of these measures, to the problem of mental health since it decides to gradually proceed with the reopening of non-medical contact professions whose services can precisely be made to the mental well-being of citizens. Contrary to what the applicant parties support, the opposing party therefore did not, during its appreciation, neglected the mental health of the citizens'.bijhet voorliggende havewerp worden een aanal maatregelen die opgelegd waren bij het minister Besluit 28 OKTOBER 28 2020 VersoEpeld, Maar Worden Ook Verschillende Beperkingen Gehandhaafd. OP Die Wijze Wordtmet Het Voorliggende havenp Ernaar Gestreefd Een Nieuw Evenwicht te Vinden Tussen Enerzijds Het Voorkomenvan Nieuwe Besmettingen En Het Beschermen van de Werking van de Ziekenhuizen en van de gezondheidssector, in Anderzijds Het Vrijware Deadviesaanvrager zal in het licht van het grondwettelijk gewaarborgde gelijkheidsbeginsel in staat moetenzijn om aan te tonen dat de onderscheiden behandelde categorieën van personen, met name in artikel 2van het ontwerp, in een redelijk verband staan ​​met de nagestreefde doelstellingen via objectieve en pertinentemiddelen".Dezelfde algemene OPMERKK KAN Herhaald Worden Metrekking Tot Het Voorliggendeontwerp.artikel 115. Uit De Lezing Van Artikel 1 Blijkt Niet Duidelijk in Hoeverrede Gedeeltelijk of Volledig Overdekte Terrassen al Dan Niet inBegrepen Zijn in Definitie van " ER] VRIJ KAN Circuleren ".OP Een TRUEAG IND VERBAND HEBBEN DE GEMACHTIGDEN VAN DE MINITER HET VOLGENDE GEANTWOORD:" EEN TERRAS ISEEN BUITEN DE BESLOTEN RUIMTE Van Een Horeca-Inrichting Gelegen Deel Van Die Ingichting Waar de OpenLucht Vrij Kan Circuleren Biedt in waar Dranken of Spijzen Voor Direct Consumpiezijn te nuttigen. HET TERRAS MOET MINSTENS OVER ÉEN VOLLEDIGE ZIJDE GEOPEND ZIJN ONGEACHT DE WEERSOMSTANDIDENEN DIENT EEN VOLDoende Ventilatie te Verzekeren. Bovendien Mag De Open Zijde Niet Deels AFGESLOTEN Worden, Zoals Bijvoorbeeld Met Een Windscherm of Zonnewering. Terrassen in Een Gesloten publishes Ruimte (Zoalseen Winkelcentrum) Vallen Niet Onder de Definitie van Een Open Terras. Indian Een Terras Dus Overdektis, Maar Er Éné of Meerdere Zijden Volledig Open Zijn, Dan Beantwoordt dit aan de Definitie van `Openterras'". Het Verdient Bijgevolg Aanbeveling de Definitie in Die Zin Te Verduidelijken.artikel216. Tevens rekend Hierboven is Gemaakt Metbetrekking Tot De Vraag of Rechtsgrond, Die Enkel de Minister Bevoegd Voor Binnenlandse Zaken Machtigtom Metrekking Tot Dit Precieze aspect op te treden via Een Gewoon Miniserieel Besluit (Zie Randnummer10.2), Wel Voldende is, Dienen De Volgende Te Worden.17. Het Ontworpenartikel 2, § 2bis, Voorziet in Maatregelen Die Ertoe Strekken Werknemers Die Met Anbeidsoverenkomstdienstencheques Werken, Zoals Bedeld in Hoofstuk II Van de Wet Van 20 Juli 2001 `Tot Bevordering Vanburtdiensten Beschermen. Aangezien Het Beginsel van Gelijkheid in non-discriminatious, Zoals Dat Verankerd is in Artikelen 10 in 11 van de Gron Dwet, inhoudt dat personen die zich in dezelfdesituatie bevinden, op dezelfde wijze behandeld Moeten word, Moet De Steller van Het nettwerp in Staatzijn te verantwoorden waarom de geplande maatregelen beperkt zijn tot die ene categorie werknemers. Zou Kunnen Worden Dat Ze Zich Opzijn Minst in Een Vergelijkbare situatie Bevinden. Er Wordt Bijvoorbeeld Gedacht Aan of Huishoudhulpen, aan de Thuiszorgers, Enz.18. Gevraagd of in Het Ontworpen Artikel 2, § 2bis, Tweedelid, van Het Minister Besluit Van 28 Oktuber 2020 Ook Niet Moet Worden Verwezen Naar de PreventiemaAtregelenbedoeld in Het Eerste Lid Van Die Ontworpen Bepaling, Verklaarden de Gemachtigden Van De Minister Hetvolgende: "Doel Zowel De Algemene Verplichtingen Inzake Preventie, Veiligheid en Beschermingop Het Werk Worden Nageleefd, Als de Specifieke van Het Mb (§ 2), Als § 2bis.wekunnen dit in Definitit Tekst Mbst Mb Verduidelijken. Werkplaats, vaststelt dat de Andere PreventiemaAtregelen, Andere Dandeze Vermeld in Alinea 1, Niet Gerespecteerd Worden of Kunnen WordenAfter all, it is stated that it is determined whether the necessary protective equipment was made available before sending out the employee. The employee must check at the start of the working day or made sufficient protective equipment available; This check should not be postponed until the moment of the start of performance at a workplace. It is necessary that the employer clearly makes concrete agreements with the user about the prevention measures to be taken to perform the service check -up worker during his work at the user as well as possible to protect. If the Service Checkervast sets that he cannot start or continue the work in safe circumstances because the agreements about the prevention measures are not complied with, he must immediately bring his employer to this, and he may suspend his performance as long as the situation persists. This would be the case, for example, if the employee finds on arrival or during work that someone in the home in quarantineis without this was reported, if there is no ventilation, if too many people are present in the spaces who do not live there. .. "19. The designed regulation must in any case be investigated the light of the above comments. Articles and 320. The designed Article2, § 2bis, second paragraph, of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 refers to" the prevention measurement measured in paragraph 2 ". Side that concern section" [D] Eze appropriate prevention measures (...) Safety and health regulations of material, technical and/or organizational nature as determined in the `generic guide to spread COVID-19 on the to prevent work ', which is made available on the website of the Federal Public Service Employment, Labor and Social Consultation, supplemented with guidelines on sectoral and/or business level au, and/or other appropriate measures, offer an equivalent level of protection ". Asked to explain the legal status of those measures, taking into account the conditions regarding the delegation of regulatory powers, the representatives of the minister declared the following:" Degenerical Guide is the result of a collaboration between the Minister of Work, the FPS WASO and the Social Partners of the Supreme Court for Prevention and Protection at Work. This guide provides concrete and removal measurement measures to support employers and to protect employees at work, during the movements to and from the workplace (eg in common transport), or during other work -related activities (such as use of refters, changing rooms and other social provisions, contacts with customers, suppliers and subcontractors, ...). The employer can provide the ministerial decision on the generic guide, which contains a series of general measures to take the workshop 'Coronasafe' for taking the prevention measures and on the sector guides (insofar as available) in which the general measures of the guide are supplemented with sector -specific measures. In any case, the employer, together with his prevention services and with the CPBW, will have to check which concrete prescription measures are most suitable in the context of his company.Zowel the generic guide as the sector guides are good The practices that the employer can use in the development of deconcrete prevention measures. When the employer takes the measures included in these guides, there is a suspicion that the employer has been correctly met. These measures offer the same protection to employees: after all, the ministerial decision explicitly applies that "other appropriate measures that offer at least an equivalent level of protection" are admitted. If the employer takes these other measures, he must be able to demonstrate that the level of protection is equivalent ".21. In the designed Article6, § 3 (Article 3 of the draft), it is also determined which modalities are applicable to the open terraces" without prejudice The appropriate protocols ". In the case of a question of legal scope of those protocols, the representatives of the minister have given the following ambivalent answer:" The protocols and guides form an indicative assessment framework. The protocols guides can only concrete regulatory measures, as stipulated in MB, but are self -regulating. "22. In advice 69.253/AV of 23 April 2021, the General Meeting of the Legislation Division has already noticed the following about the legal scope of the Protocols: "20.2. †] Although the authorized representative denies the regulatory power of the protocols, it appears that these regulatory provisions can "concretize". Moreover, it is not possible to see why the designed Article 29, first paragraph, of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 should not apply provisions of protocols (or guides) if they are not abstract and generally binding. In particular, the possibility in the designed Article 29, second paragraph, of the ministerial decision of 28 October 2020 to deviate from provisions from the ministerial decision for test and pilot projects on the basis of protocols that there is nevertheless a regulatory value of these protocols Elsewhere, the authorized representative states that "the Economic Inspectorate is checking [...] for compliance with measures for the MB (and, if necessary, on concrete measures arising from the sector protocols). that the exceptions to the ban on the ban to perform certain service performance in the designed Article 8, § 4, first -line member, 2 ° and 4 °, and second paragraph, 2 ° are accompanied by a reference to `The compliance with the modalities foreseen in the applicable protocol 'and that the definition itself of the concept of' protocol 'in Article 1, 3 °, of the Ministerial Decree of 28 Octobe R 2020 reports the "Rules to be used" 20.3. That ambivalence must be lifted. After all, one: or having protocols not a decisive character, but then the concretisations they hold are not binding, the protocols cannot deviate from the ministerial decision, and its compliance cannot be controlled and maintained by setting a criminal proceedings in the event of non-claim compliance with it; either well the protocols are regulatory and the measures that they are intangibly binding, but then to be included in decisions of the authorized government. "This comment can also be made in Article 8, 4 ° of this draft (newly designed article 15, § 10). Article323. The designed Article 6, § 3, second paragraph, "a household may be a table parts, regardless of the size of that household". The "household" is in Article 1, 6 ° of the ministerial decision of 28 October 2020 defined as "persons who live under the same roof". In the meaning of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020, the concept of household therefore does not (necessarily) correspond to the concept of family, but can therefore also refers to that concept , for example, co -tenants or personally share the same room. To the reason for the question of what the scope of that concept, having authorized representatives of the minister the following: "The notion of 'household' must be committed Depente becomes known as the concept that is known in normal language. In that sense, a retirement home, or a boarding school, does not fall under the notion "household". However, the concepts of "household" and "ménage" apparently do not have the same meaning in normal language. Whether it can be deviated from the first paragraph of the designed article 6, § 3, and that sanctions can be imposed if one does not adhere to that concept, it is advisable to give a clearer definition of the concept of "household" for each mention of that concept In the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020, and also to take into account the cases that are the result of new family forms, such as newly composed families or other situations in which the people involved do not live under the same roof, this remark also applies to the designed article 14, second paragraph, (Article 7 of the draft: the options for the members of the same household would have to themselves Between midnight and 5 o'clock in the morning sample) and for the designed Article 15bis (Article 9 of the design: the option of which a household would have to receive a maximum of two people at the same time in Huisof in a tourist accommodation) .24. In the designed Article 6, § 3, first paragraph, it is determined which modalities the catering sector must apply in terms of open terraces. A maximum of four people per table is permitted under 2 °. However, the second paragraph of the same section provides for a deviation in favor of the householdsDue to the interference, the right to respect the private life that could entail such an interpretation, the deviation provided for in the aforementioned second paragraph cannot reasonably be interpreted as an obligation for those responsible for the establishments concerned or for their staff to go or go or Indeed the members of the same "household", so that, if they were not going to do so, they could increase the criminal penalties laid down in Article 26 of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October2020, unless it appears to be clear that those responsible for the establishments concerned or Their staff had to be aware of the fact that the ready -made passenger passenger were not members of the same "household" in the sense as specified in accordance with the previous comment.ikel 425. In the designed Article 8, § 1, second paragraph, 12 °, there is only the "outdoor areas of brocante and junk markets, insofar as it concerns professional buyers ", so that non-professional sellers do not fall under that regulation. A different disguise treatment should be justified in the light of the principle of equality and not anchored, which is anchored in Articles 10 and 11 of the Constitution. To provide the request for the aforementioned various treatment, the representatives of the minister answered the following: "Le Fait Que l'Iroorersation Est assurée par un professionalmanforce La Qualité de Cette Organization. Le Professionnel a été Informé Par Sa Fédération Sur Les Protocolesà Recter. Un Professionnel Disposis Le Cas échéant the personnel apte à appliquer et faire respecttere protocole. Ils Disposent du Savoir-Faire et Savoir être Vis-à-Vis du Public. Il est Identifiable Ettenu au respect des règles fixées dance l'Am. "However, the representatives of the minister specize inhun does not answer whether it is the organization that must be set up by a professional, or (also) the sellers should be professionals, nor or or or or or or or or or The two categories of professionals must be. As a result of the answer to that question, the stater of the design will have to be able to answer why non-professional sellers, where appropriate, in the context of a professional organized flea market or flea market would not be able are to live the sanitary measures afterwards.26. The question arises as to whether, if only in view of legal certainty, it should be not impressed that "the open terraces of the party and reception halls", referred to in the designed Article 8, § 1, second paragraph, 13 °, of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020, are also subject to the conditions for the open terraces as determined in the ON Tworps article6, § 3, of the decision to be changed. Article 527. For Article 5, theopen terraces are treated differently than the other establishments where alcoholic beverages are sold, which are the times when they can sell those drinks, since the open terraces can sell them up to 22 hours, while all other establishments are only allowed to go to 8 pm Sales. Uniform different treatment must be justified in the light of the principle of equality non-discrimination, which is anchored in Articles 10 and 11 of the Constitution. At the request for the aforementioned various treatment to give up pertinent reasons, the minister's authorized people answered the following: "The end hour for Take Away is 10 pm, just like the open terraces. The end hour for night shops is also 10 pm and stores have their stores usual hours. "With the answer, the representatives of the minister do not give any responsibility for the set different treatment in terms of times at which alcoholic beverages may be sold (but only in terms of opening hours of certain establishments (XXXV). The author of the design must therefore be able to demonstrate that this difference in treatment based on reasonable and objective grounds. Item 728. It is not clearly clear how the first and the second paragraph relate to each other, since the first -lecture involves gatherings, while the second paragraph relates to movements. However, not each other forms a displacement. So it cannot be clear Drawing up or a group of four adults who do not belong to the same household, whether or not we can move together. To a question in that context, the representatives of the minister answered the following: "No, that is not allowed. It is only possible to move between 00 and 5 am by more than 3 people if all these persons belong to the same household." For the sake of sake of the rights security, the dispositive must therefore be clarified on this point. Article 829In response to a question regarding the definition of the concept of professional sporting competitions, the representatives of the minister have given the following clarification: "Professional -sporting competitions concern those in which the participants practice the sport as a profession." It is good to include that clarification in the dispositive .30. In the French text of the provision under 2 °, the word "accomplis" must immediately follow the words "l'âge de 12 ans" .31. The representatives of the minister agree that, in the provision under 3 °, the reference to Article 18, 6 °, must be omitted, since the latter provision only relates to the non-professional sports training.32. In connection with the provision under 4 ° rice, with regard to the French text of the designed Article 15, § 10, the question of whether the conditions are die in - namely, among other things, "are organized by professionals" or still "outdoors" organized " - Without a distinction applies to all "events, cultural and other performances, professional sporting competitions". The fact that the male plural - "Pour Autant qu'ilssoient organizés ..." - is necessarily it seems to be impressed. Insofar as the opening of "un public the 50 persons au maximum peut a? Nouveau assister à l'Elyercice du culte, des évégings, des représentations culturels et des compétitions sportives professionalnelles, pour author qu'ellessoient organizées a? Extérieur" State, however, another lecture is suggested, since the female plural by definition cannot refer to the "évégings" which is mentioned in it. Defrean text of the decided decision must be clarified on this point and, if appropriate, Dutch text must be revised accordingly In order to avoid any uncertainty.33. What the provision under 6 °, the representatives of the minister answered a question in connection with "the applicable rules": "applicable rules: the" gold rules "(hand hygiene, distance , mouth mask use, .. "" From the answer of the minister's representatives, it can be concluded that this apparently refers to the rules at Articles 23 to 25 of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020. If that is indeed the intention of the Steller of the draft, the dispositive must be clarified in that sense for the sake of legal certainty.34. With regard to the determination under 6 °, the minister's authorized representatives, following the question of whether Kinderentot and the age of 12 years are counted for the maximum number of 10 people, the following: "Children are included." For the sake of the Legal certainty must be supplemented in that sense. Article 935. In the change of Article 9, it is no longer possible to change the concept of "sustainable maintaining close contact". In the case of the present draft, the following is the following for a question in that context, the representatives of the minister confirmed the following: "[D] It is a justified comment, and will be adjusted, to art. 23, § 2, third line". The disposition must therefore be revised in that sense. Article 1036. Under the designated Article16 of the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020, the competent local government, when Zoee makes an admission decision with regard to the organization of the activities permitted by Article 15, § 10, the CERM and CIM intended by the consultation committee during its meeting of April 28, 2021, which is made available to it on the website for this purpose "Info-coronavirus.be" Vande Federal Public Service Public Health, Safety of the Food Chain and Environment ". The designed article 15, § 10, relates to events, cultural and other performances and professional sporting competitions that can be attended by a sitting audience of a maximum of 50 people under certain conditions.36.1. Asked if "De Cerm and Cirm" were already available and, if so, through which URL, the minister's representatives answered: "See https: //www.covideventriskmodel.be/https: //www.covideventriskmodel.be/cirm" . Under reservation of what follows below, must, for the sake of legal certainty, define the concepts of "CERM" and "Cirm" in the ministerial decision. It must also be ensured that a correct and immediately possible European is displayed in the designed provision. 36.2The minister's authorized representative was asked to explain the sculpture of the legal status of the CERM and CIM, taking into account the fact that the designated determination focuses on the competent local authorities, but that the possible refusal to grant admission for An activity also affects citizens' rights. These authorized people answered the following: "The CIM and CERM are evaluation tools that the local authorities use when taking their decision to allow or not allow an event on their territory. It indicates whether the event in accordance with the rules of the MB (for example, the rules provided for in Article18, 23 and 25) can be organized. In this way the local government gets a clear overview of the measures that the organizers have taken to be in accordance with the rules of MB; for example, the CIM provides a clear Image of how many people can be present at a certain place, taking into account the distance of 1.5 m imposed in Article 23 of the MB. DEGLEMENT REGISTER to allow an event, therefore, a competence of the local government remains legally binding provisions therefore remain the provisions of the MB and the final, applicable, decision of the local government. "To that extent De Cerm And Cirm merely a supporting function for the competent local authorities can be agreed to the method used. That is not just that these instruments may not contain deviations from the ministerial decision to be changed, but also that the competent local government is not automatically bound by the outcome of the intended models. Article 1337. In Article 13, the measures are included in the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020, as that Decree is amended by the present draft, extended Toten by 30 Juin 2021. To a question in that regard, the authorized representatives of the Minister have the following clarification Given: "The measures are always evaluated in the light of the epidemiological results that evolve from day to day. On the consultation committees of 14 and 23 April 2021, the planned step -by -step reducing decorations from 8 May 2021 on condition that the 65+ age group of 65+ more than 80 percent would reach and, in terms of intensive care department, would have been improved. This was confirmed on the consultation committee of April 28, 2021. On 11 May 2021, a new consultation committee was already planned to evaluate the epidemiological situation and if necessary the measures to fit ". The general meeting has in advice 69.253/AV of 23 Apr IL 2021 Made the following comment: "To the extent that the government is committed to always ensuring that the established measures meet the proportionality in the light of the current state, this method can be dedicated". However, account must be taken of the fact that, specifically for the administrative police measures in the event of an epidemic emergency, a new legal framework is now preparing. (XXXVI) As the General Meeting of the legislative Department has noticed in Advice 68,936/AV of 7 April 2021, it will therefore no longer be possible to do a single occupation as soon as that legal framework has been taken into effect, it will no longer be possible to combat an epidemic emergency on the legal grounds for which reference is made to the prospective design. The measures that are referred to in Article 13 of the present draft may in any case be extended after the announcement of an epidemic emergency situation as a result of COVID-19 following the entry into force of that new legal framework. The chairman of the Council of State, the Main clerk, Jacques Jaumotte Gregory Delannay ________cati * This extension arises from Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated top 12 January 1973, which stipulates that the period of five working days is extended Up to eight working days in the case in which the advice is given by the General Meeting in application of Article85.ii See, among other things, the cases 7543 and 7544 submitted on March 9, 2021.III Parl.st. Room2020-21, no. 55-1951/001.iv rb. Hainaut, 9 February 2021, 20C001830, p. 31-34 : « S'il estacquis que le principe de légalité des incriminations et des peines implique que le pouvoir législatifest le pouvoir naturel pour prendre des mesures restrictives des droits et libertés individuels, lesdélégations à d'autres pouvoirs sont largement admises. Il Convient également De Relever Que la Délégationà un minister Seul Peut se justifier eu Égard à l'Urgence de la Situation. †] It follows from developments which precede that there is no reason to rule out the application of the ministerial decree of March 23, 2020 on emergency measures to limit the spread of the COVVI-19 Coronavirus. The proceedings exercised by public prosecution on the basis of this decree must, therefore, be declared admissible ".Vbergen, 8 Februari 2021, 2020/h/361, p. 8: "It follows from the joint reading of the aforementioned provisions the taxation of containment measures intended to protect the population in the face of an unexpected health dedanger is the responsibility of the powers conferred on the Minister of the Interior by the law of May 15, 2007. Limit to this framework of authorization consists in the proportionality of the measures taken in relation to the disaster undergone or the threat incurred. In this case, the prohibitions of exit (except in authorized cases) and of gathering, or the obligation of respect Social distancing, can be analyzed as relative or attenuated methods of containment (in this sense, Kuty F., Criminal security implications - Incrections to regulations tending to limit the propagation of the COVVID -19 virus (1st part ), J.T., Judicial chronicle, 2020, p. 298) and are in the risks then incurred, in particular of propagation of the virus and the saturation of the hospitals, that the Minister Tériel intended to counter. [...] Consequently, it appears from the above that the ministerial arrests which the public prosecutor requests the application were taken in execution to the authorization law of May 15, 2007, adopted to provide an urgent and temporary response to Dessituations of sudden or imminent disasters. "VI RB. Brussel (Fr.), Beschikking, 31 maart2021, nr. 2021/14/C:" [...] it appears that the situation linked to the pandemic of COVVI-19 is not, prima facie, targeted by the law of May 15, 2007 [...]. The law of May 15, 2007 aims at very specific situations which do not cover the situation of management of a pandemic [...]. It turns out that the closure of various statements (cultural, festive, sporting, recreational, event, horeca, contact professions), the suspension of the school obligation, the limitation of public or private gatherings, the limitation of circulating from and towards Belgium escape, prima facie, notions that everyday language imposes on us, terms of requisition and evacuation 'and, therefore, on the restrictive and predictable framework of the authorization perched by the law of May 15, 2007 "(n ° 66 - p. 23); `If the urgency of the early days of the epidemic would have to explain that it is necessary to rely on the law of May 15, 2007, it no longer seems to justify to take prevail in it with the emergence of the crisis sanitary [...] '(n ° 67 - p. 24); `by identity of reason and as much as need, the same observations of apparent illegality can be posed for the other dispositions to the support of which the ministerial decree of October 28, 2020 and its decrees subsequent was enacted ' (n ° 73 - p. 25). VII Bij een arrest van een fernstalige kamer van hofvan beroep van brussel van 27 April 2021 (Brussel, 27 April 2021, 2021/Kr/7) Werd de Zaak Ondertusssenvastgesteld Op of Zitting Van 18 Mei 2021 En Warden de Partijen Uitgenodigd Hun Standpunt Geven Omtrenthet VOORNOEMDE Advies 69.253/AV VAN 23 April 2021.VIII RB. Brussel (Fr.), Beschikking, 30 April2021, nr. 2021/23/C: "35. At first glance, the closure of" establishments in the Horeca sector "is not akin to a measure of" requisition of people and things ", as referred to in article181 of the Law of May 15, 2007. The Belgian State does not support it. 36. Such a measure does not say either, at first glance, constitute a distance from the particular place or regions of, threatened or victims. Establishments in the Horeca sector and restaurants do not seem to be, at first glance, constitute particularly exposed, threatened or disaster -based places. of provisional stay to populations far from dangerous places, falling under the dualist power of the interior. Likewise, this measure of closure of Horeca establishments is nothing in common, from near or far and depending on the common sense, with a measure of prohibition of any displacement or movement of the population, referred to in article 182 of the Law of May 15, 2007. However, insofar as any infringement articles 181 and 182 is penalized by article 187 of the law of May 15, 2007, the authorization that these provisions contain must be interpreted strictly. Even by admitting that the law of May 15, 2007 is intended to apply, in the long term, to a situation of health crisis like that which we know [..] and that the legislator has not intended to quote exhaustively and in detail any measures that the Minister of the Interior could take in such cases, his interpretation must remainrootable and obvious, taking into account the criminal sanctions which match these measures and principles of legality and legal certainty recalled above. In our opinion, considering that the closure of the Horeca constitutes a measure of prohibition of displacement within the meaning of article 182 of the law of 15mai 2007, as the Belgian state maintains, amounts to giving this concept a meaning that The legislator wanted to give him. It is a fortiori so with other measures (schedule) framing the sale of meals to take away, with or without alcoholic drinks (cfr. Supra). Furthermore, even if it was necessary to consider that the closure of Horeca establishments could, in principle, be decided by the Minister of Interior Title of his authorization to prohibit any displacement - which we do not think at first sight - , still it would be necessary that: - it is for the purpose of allowing the remoteness of the populations, the places or regions particularly exposed, threatened or victims (cfr supra), [and that] - the measure reaches the target, namely to prevent any displacement . However, this does not seem to us to be the case. First, the closure of restaurants was not, at first glance, was decided to allow the most dangerous areas of the most dangerous areas. Second, this measure, not only, is not intended to prohibit travel - which allows article 182 - but it does not even have the effect of preventing, since people can continue to move Freely, everywhere in Belgium, without having to adjust a particular reason, subject solely of the curfew and, if necessary, the port Dumasque. Third, the measure also does not seem to be able to claim a partial ban - according to the rule "which can most can" [...] - (the measure would only prohibit to move "to go to An establishment in the Horeca sector ”), since such apensions remain allowed in order to withdraw an order of take -out dishes (CFR above). Furthermore, the principle of legal certainty requires that any justiciable can understand what it is estimated; Legal authorization must be intelligible enough to meet the requirements for predictability, clarity and precision (cfr. Supra). It seems difficult to sustain in this regard that by reading the terms of articles 181 and 182 of the law of May 15, 2007, the litigant can understand and expect the opening of restaurants, or the sale by them Alcoholic or not meals and drinks, to take away, beyond certain hours, constitute behaviors punishable by imprisonment of article 187 of this law (...). 40. In the light of the above, prima facie, and incorporate principles of legality, legal certainty and strict interpretation of criminal law, Lesmesures, in particular of closure, and the criminal sanctions provided for respectively in articles 6 and 26 'Litigious ministerial decree (such as modified on several occasions), do not seem to be able to be validly able to be valid on articles 181, 182 and 187 of the law of May 15, 2007 relating to civil security. This is enough to note that at least The criminal sanctions decreed by article 26 (...) are, prima facie, illegal, in that they are based on this law, in that their author seems to have disregarded his authorization, and in that They seem to contravene articles 12 and 14 of the Constitution and to the principles of legality, legal certainty and strict interpretation of criminal law ".IXbrussel, 27 April 2021, 2021/KR/17:" Without being contradicted and rightly, He [the complainant] invokes Laviolati on: - of article 19 of the Constitution [...]; - of article 23 of the Constitution [...]; -principles of equality and non-discrimination noted by articles 10 and 11 of the Constitution, by noting that "the citizen who wishes to satisfy his need for religious spirituality can participate in a gathering of 15 people in a place of worship to assist At a religious ceremony and the Minister of Worship can freely organize such a rally, with respect for the rules set out in article 15 of the AM of October 28, 2020. On the other hand, the citizen who wishes to satisfy his right to the cultural development Not participating in a rally of 15 people, neither in a place of worship nor in a concert hall, to attend a music concert, in compliance with the same rules. And Unartist cannot freely organize such a rally unlike a Minister of Cult ”, then a religious ceremony could perfectly take a musical form and transform de factoen concertAs it indicates, this discriminatory treatment remains devoid of any justification for the court and no scientific reason is advanced to justify that if 15 people are gathering the name of a god and a philosophy, the risk of contamination would be lower than if the same 15 people gathered, in exactly the same conditions, without invoking any belief or philosophical research. This discriminatory treatment is all the less eligible since it constitutes an offense to the law of May 10, 2007 tending to fight against certain forms of discrimination which notably punishes discrimination against people or groups based on convictionreligious or Philosophical ”(n ° 29 - p. 21) .x RVS (AV) 30 OKTOBER 2020, nr. 248,818, Nvumami, 10-11. Zie in Dezelfde Zin, Nog Steeds Over by Sluing Van de Horeca, Na Een Omstandige Motivantring, RVS 4 Februari 2021, nr. 249.723, BV Mainego E.A.XI RVS (AV) 30 OKTOBER 2020, nr. 248.818, NV Umami, 11. XII RVS 13 November 2020, nr. 248.918, BV Mainego; RVS 4 FEBRUARI 2021, nr. 249.723, bv mainego e.a.xiii rvs 24 februari 2021, nr. 249.904, NV DERBY E.A.XIV RVS (AV) 30 OKTOBER 2020, nr. 248.819, Verelst E.A. 25-30. XV RVS (AV) 30 OKTOBER 2020, nr. 248.819, Verelst E.A., 28.XVI Zie Thans de Verschillende Prejudiciële Vragen aanhangig Bij het Grondwettelijkhof (Supra, Randnummer 4) .xvii Artikel 181, § 1, Van de Wet van 15 mei 2007 Betreftde Mogelijkheid Voor to minister om " Die Hij Nodig Acht "op te Vorderen. HET CURTIELVOORLIGEnde havewerp lijkt geen dergelijke maatregelen te bevatten. XVIII BIJZONDERE-MACHTENBESLUITNR. 37 van 24 juni 2020 `Tot uitvolering van artikelen 2 in 5 van de wet van 27 maart 2020 die machtigingverleent aan de koning om maatregelen te nemen in strijd tegen de verspreiding van het coronaviruscovid-19 (II) Tot Ondersteuning Van de Werknemers'. XIX Deze Bepaling Werd Ingoerd in Artikel4 van De Wet van 4 Augustus 1996 Door Artikel 57 Van De Wet Van 2020 `Houdende Tijdelijkeondersteuningsmaatregelen Ten Gevolge Van De Covid-9-Pandemie '(inwerking Getreden Op 1 oktber 2020). Toelichting Werd Daaromtrent Het Volgende Uitgelegd: "Dit Artikel Voegtin de Welzijnswet van 4 Augustus 1996 De Mogelijkheid in Om, in Geval van Een Epidemie of Pandemie, Bijin Ministerraad overlegd koninklijk besluit bijzondere preventiemaatregle Bij de uitvolering van hun Werk. Het Gaat om Tijdelijkemaatregelen van Dringe Aard, Die Alleen Gelden Voor de Dur de Epidemie of Pandemie, en Slechtszolang deze Een Impact Heeft OP from Werkvloer. Een Epidemie of Een Pandemie, Zoals de Huidige coronaviruspandemie, is een gezondheidscrisis van Buitengewone Omvang Op National of International Schaal. Het Kan Bijvoorbeeldgaan Om Een Gezondheidscrisis Die, Door de Wereldgezondondheidsorganisaie (who) als "Public Health Emergency International concern" Wordt Beschouwd, (Wat Overeenkomt puts Het Hoogste Alarmniveau), of Om Een Gezondheidscrisdie Een Pandemie Wordt Beschouwd.een Gezondheidscrisis van Een dergelijke omvang heeft een werslag op alle Ondernemingen in Insttellingenen Dus op het Welzijn van alle Werknemers. In zo'n situatie is het noodzakelijk om heel specific, tijdelijkepreventiemaatregen van matriële, technische en/of organiatorische aard te kunnen nemenn om de gezondheiden de veiligheid van de Werknemers op hun Werk zerk omogelijk te Beschermen. Aangezien Deze Bepalingin De Welzijnswet Van 4 Augustus 1996 Wordt Ingeschreven, Kunnen de uitvoeringsbesluiten Alleen Maatregelenbevatten Die Betrekking Hebben Op Welzijn, Veiligheid En Gezondheid OP Het Werk. Hierbij kan gedachtworden aan hygiënemaatregelen, maatregelen over afstand houden op het werk, enz., die in normale omstandighedenniet nodig zijn en die aldus het gebruikelijke kader inzake welzijn op het werk kunnen aanvullen om eenantwoord te bieden op de specifieke problemen in de arbeidscontext als gevolg van Een Epidemie of Pandemie.de Codex Over Het Welzijn op Het Werk Bevat Weliswaar Een Aantal PreventiemaAtregelen Die Specifiek Bedeldzijn Voor Werknemers Die Ten Gevolge Van De Aard van Hun Werk Een Risico Lopen op Blootstelling Aan Biologischeage, HET WELZIJN OP HET WERK. DEZE Beantwoorden Echternniet of O Donvoldoende aan de Bijzondere Van Een Een Epidemie of Een Pandemie, Waar Het Virus Alomtegenwoordigis in Maatschappij: Deze situatie vereist een aantal specialieke maatregelen Die op albeidsplassengen Hun Werk Een RisicolopenThe framework that the king can determine in this way may therefore contain the necessary measures to combat the distribution on the workplace of an omnipresent virus and to ensure that employees can continue to do their work in as safe and healthy circumstances. The SocialPartners must be involved in the development of the measures in implementation of this provision. There is no deviation on this mandatory involvement, in view of Articles 46 and 95 of the Weligen Act of 4 August 1996, who impose that the designs of implementation decisions should be advisable for advice submitted to the social partners via the Supreme Court for Prevention and Protection at the work. The general rules regarding the penal provisions that the Social Criminal Code and in the Special Article 127 SSW imposes, in the event of infringements of the Welfare Act of 4 August 1996 and the Implementation decisive service ". XX This is how Article I.2-26 of the Codex determines the well-being at the work that the employee" who, in the event of an unavoidable, serious and immediate danger, leaves his work post or a dangerous zone, (.. ) No disadvantage of [may] experience and must be protected against all unjustified consequences thereof "and that he" immediately JK informs the competent member of the hierarchical line and the internal service of this.xxi, incidentally, a delegation to the Minister in Codex would initially be addressed to "the minister whose authority belongs to the welfare of the employee at the execution of their work (Art. I.1-3, 3 °, Codex). XXII It is a permanent advisory practice of the Council of State, which is included in a royal decree insofar as the same provision is included in a Royal Decree and that it does not go beyond the comments made by the General Meeting of the Legislation of the Council of State in this advice on this again an advice the Council of State must be requested. XXIII footnote 19 of the quoted advice: adv. RVS 53.932/AV of27 August 2013 on a proposal that has led to the special law of 6 January 2014 `With regard to the sixth state reform '(Parl.st. Senate 2012-13, no. 5-2232/1) .xxiv Footnote 20 of the quoted advice: Hondem [D] Adv. Stainless steel 67.142/AV of March 25, 2020, forth. 6xxv Footnote21 of the quoted advice: Hondem [D] Adv. Stainless steel 53.932/AV; See also: adv. Stainless steel 53.018/VR of 13 May2013 on a draft Royal Decree "containing the health control of the International Severing", Note 9; adv. RVS 66.387/1/V of 29 August 2019 on a design that led to the Royal Decree of 11 December 2019 `concerning the modalities regarding manipulating and storing polioviruses of type 2 ', comment 7.5; GWH 15 February 2009, no. 2/2009, B.5.2.xxvivoutnut 74 of the quoted advice: The principle of federal loyalty means for each government obligation to exercise its own powers the balance of the federal construction in its whole Not to be disturbed and not to harm the interests of the other entities. The federaleloyautey concerns more than the mere exercise of powers: it indicates in which spirit that must be done. (GWH 18 March 2021, no. 47/2021, Overl. B.11; See also: J. VanPraet, "The general principles of the division of powers", in B. Seutin and G. van Haegendoren (Eds.), The transversal powers the federal Belgium, Bruges, die Keure, 2017, 53, no. 75) .xxvii footnote 75 of the quoted advice: Footnote 4 In the quoted text: in this regard there is a fixed and detailed case law, particularly about the measures of general administrative police who have been taken by municipal governments: see for example RVS April 21, 2006, no. 157,849, bvba la Démarche; April 23, 2010, no. 203.235, CV Trocadero; 24 March 2017, no. 237.779, Amilcar et al.s.xviii Footnote 76 of the advice quoted: ADV.RVS 63,791/2/V of 6 August 2018 on a preliminary design of law `concerning the municipal administrative enforcement ', alg. 1, b) .xxix footnote 77 of the advice quoted: see GWH, 18 March2021, no. 47/2021, Over. B.15: "As stated in B.11, the principle of the Federal Loyautitle legislator obliges to ensure that the exercise of his own competence does not make the exercise, by the other legislators, of their powers impossible or overly difficult. When the affairs he wishes to regulate is so intertwined with the matter that falls under the competence of another legislator, he can only exercise his authority after having consulted that other legislator in advance. "See also CC, December 21, 2017, no. 145/2017, Overl. B. 60.2XXX footnote 78 of the cited advice: reference is made to edges 66 and 67 below in connection with the cases in which emergency situations may occur in which measures must be taken very quickly to combat an epidemic sood situation, such as those intended in the preliminary design. XXXI Footnote 79 of the Cited Advice: Already in the Neignoem [D] Advice 67.142/AV of 25 March 2020, the General Meeting of Department of Legislation stated that the King has authorized the Closing of Schools or Universities on the basis of the Special Powers Granted to him " . XXXII See thirty-two member and Nextevan The preamble of the present design: "Whereas our country has been at alarm level 4 (very high alertness) since 13 October 2020 at National level; over the past seven days, a slight increase had been confirmed to 3,502 confirmed on April 28, 2021; predominantly defeated on April 28, 2021, a total of 2,858 patients affected by COVID-19 are treated in the Belgian Hospits; that a total of 892 patients are treated on the services of intensive care; of the services of intensive care remains high; that the pressure on hospitals and on The continuity of non-Covid-19 care is still realistic and that this has a considerable negative effect on public health; that the hospitals are switched to phase 2a of the hospital impact plan; Whereas the situation remains very preacher and that must be prevented that the number of infections and hospitalisations increases again; That this variant is more contagious as a result, the virus can circulate even more smoothly among the population; that it is therefore necessary to extend reversed measures; Whereas the vaccination campaign has started that this already has a clear effect on the infections of the over-65s; that the number of hospitalization of deaths of residents of residential care centers seems to decrease as a result; Whereas it is important that there is a maximum coherence in taking measures for the enforcement of public order, in order to maximize its efficiency; that these measures must fade for the entire territory; However, that the local authorities have the possibility, taking into account the epidemiological condition in their territory, to take stricter measures for ZOverdie Proportional and over time ".xxxiii have answered the following to a question in that regard: «The draft does not intervene on the regional powers on service checks, the design explains from the federal authority of safety and health on work and [from] health point of view specific measures [fixed]. The design concretizes the obligations of safety and health that the recognized company - in [[ its capacity as employer of the service check-up employee- although in the context of the welfare legislation and the generic guide Safewerken. The regional authority is primarily aimed at recognizing the service checking companies, but this does not affect the obligations of the company as an employer in the framework of welfare the work ".xxxiv parl.st. Senate 2012-13, no. 5-2232/1, 126.XXXV See the law of 10 November 2006 `concerning opening hours in trade, craftsmanship and services', in particular Article 6, a). XXXVI CFR. draft law on the administrative police measures during an epidemic emergency situation, Parl.st. Room 2020-21, no. 55-1897/001.