Publication: 2021-09-09Numac: 2021032818federal Public Service Finance 11 July 2021.-Act amending the Code on the added value with regard to the exemption from the tax on medical care.- Erratain The Belgian Staatsblad of 20 July 2021, no. 200, deed no. 2021/31804, pages 71593 and 71594:- on page 71593, in the introductory sense of Article 3, 2 °, must be "sections 2, 1 °"read instead of "paragraph 2, first paragraph, 1 °";- on page 71594, in Article 44, § 2, 1 °, a), third paragraph, second line, of the tax of the added value, serves"Acts of commercial companies;"to be read instead of "actions of commercial companies."Publication: 2021-09-20NUMAC: 2021032850Federal Public Service Public Health, Food Chain Safety and Environment 30 April 2020.-Royal Decree on a correct and timely information flow on the numbers of COVID-19 patients, the treatment capacity in hospitals and stocks on personal protection material. -German translation below is the German translation of the Royal Decree of 30 April 2020 on a correct and timely flow of information about the numbers of COVID-19 patients, the treatment capacity in hospitals and supplies to personal protection material (Belgian Official Gazette of 6 May 2020). This. Translation was made by the Central Service for German translation inmalmedy.föderaler Öffentlicher Service Volksgesundheit, Sicherheit der Nahrungsmittelkettenunde Umwelt30. April 2020-Königlicher Erlass über Einen Korrekten und Zeitnahen InformationFlussüber die Covid-19-Patientenzahlen, Die Treatlungskapazitäten in Krankenhäusern und die Bestände An Persönlicers, dose of the eels, die königgraureshet, königgrauresh, königgrauresh, königgrakesh. Zur Bewältigungder Außergehnhnlichen Krise Zu Ergreifen, mit der Unser Land derzeit Konfrontiert Ist, Nämlichder Covid-19-Pandemie. Diese Krise Bringt Besondere und Schwerwiegende Probleme with Sich, Vor Allem imhinblick Auf Die Volksgesundheit.am 12. März Hat Das National Krisenzentrum that fasteral Phaseder Noteinsatzplanung Ausgelöst. Anschließend Hat Die Risk Management Group (Nachstehend RMG) AM13. März Beschlossen, Dass that Aktive Phase der Krankenhausnoteinsatzpläne AB 14. Nur Allgemeine Krankenhäuser Mit Einer Für Spezialisiert notfallpfreundd/Oder Einer Intensivplegeeineit were in Das ICMS AUFGUMEN.Darüber Hinaus Sammeltsciensano über das Web-Tool "Epistat" Epistat ". Seit Beginn Dercovid-49-Krise in Belgien Liegt of the Schwerpunkt Auf den Covid-19-Patientendaten, Wobei Die Häufigkehebhebhebhebelhebelhebelhehnen Dem 18. Daten zu übermitteln.Dabei handelt es sich einerseits um Daten zu den Patientenzahlen (wie Anzahl Patienten im Krankenhaus,Anzahl Patienten in einer Intensivpflegeeinheit, Anzahl Patienten, die beatmet werden müssen, usw.) undandererseits um Daten zu den Behandlungskapazitäten (Anzahl freier Betten im Krankenhaus , Anzahl Freierplätze in the Intensivpflegeeinheiten, Anzahl Verfügbarer Beatmungsgeräte ussw.). Da das concerned virus hoch ansteckend Ist, das plefegelpersonal in the krankenhensern menschenschutzmaßnahmenbenba ßaßnahmenbenbennaws. Die Verwendung von So Genannter Spezieller Persönlicerschutzausrüstung (PPE) Wie Masken, Handschuhe, Kittel, Schürzen, Schutzbrillen USW. Ist eine Wententlichevorausetzung für Sicheres Arbeiten. Under Verbraucher Ausrüstung Ist Jedoch Aufgrund Dulroßen Anzahl Infizierter Patients, who became Aufgenommen in Krankenhäser, Hoch. Außerdemist Zu Erwarten, Dass Diese Situation nor Einige Zeit Anhalten Wird. Those Eigen Bestände Ansolcher Ausrüstung in the Krankenhäusern start Stark Zu Sinken. Die Öffentlichen Behörden Haben Daherumfangreiche Orderllungen für Ppe Aufgegeben, Um diesen Mangel zu Beben. That of the Seaty Bersbarenbaren Jedoch nicht aus, um die Sicherheitsbestände der Einzälens. Daher ist es notwendig, dass das verfügbare Material prioritär an die Krankenhäuser geliefertwird, die es am dringendsten benötigen.Um einen genauen Überblick über die Bestände der Krankenhäuserund den täglichen Materialverbrauch zu erhalten, hat der FÖD Volksgesundheit, Sicherheit der Nahrungsmittelketteund Umwelt eine Online-Plattform eingerichtet , Über who order that Krankenhäuser material aus dem file derehöffentlichen Behörden Können. Jedem Anthrag Ist Eine Schätzung des Krankenhauseigenenenen's FileSund des Tagesverbrauchs Beizufügen. Auf diese Weise Kann die Verwaltung, Welche eBerstenPrioritär Beliefert became Müssen. Those Meisten Krankenhäuser übermitteln those submitted dating. Leader Muss Jedoch Auch Festgestellt were, Dass einige Krankenhäuser Trotz Wiederholteraufforderung der Beörden, Aber Aber of the Dach organizations of the Krankenhäuser, who dies nicht right seitigund/fehlerhaft dahernrom.mitvlgendmitt. Darüber Hinaus Müssen who dated innerhalb der Bevertenfrist were registeredThe information provided must be as precisely as possible, but of course the goal is not to overload the hospitals with administrative and logistical tasks. In case of cases, it is aggregated data. The General Data Protection Regulation is therefore not applicable. The treatment capacities in hospitals and the stocks of personal protective equipment philippe, king of the Belgians, all present and future, our greeting! Due to the law about hospitals and other care facilities coordinated on July 10, 2008, Article 92 (1); on the basis of the statement of the financial inspector from March 31, 2020 and April 6, 2020; due to the impact analysis when issuing regulations that were carried out in accordance with Articles 6 and 7 of the Act of December 15, 2013 to determine various provisions in terms of administrative simplification; due to the urgency, justified by the fact, that presented egg An extraordinary crisis situation concerns, namely the consequences of Dercovid-19 pandemic, which is currently rampant in Belgium and has special and serious problems for the health health; that the authorities are urgently overview of the Capacities in the hospitals need, especially with regard to the number of patients accepted in the hospital, the available intensive care beds, the available ventilation devices, etc.; that the public authorities also need urgent accurate overview of the still existing stocks of personal protective equipment so that new deliveries of such equipment are purchased and can be distributed as best as possible according to the needs of the care providers and facilities. 4 § 1 paragraph 1 No. 3 of the laws about the State Council on January 12, 1973; at the proposal of the Minister of the People's Health Board, we: Article 1 - § 1 - Every general hospital that included in the incident crisis management system (ICMS) is, transmitted daily before 11:00 a.m. via the ICMS: 1. The capacity divided into free beds, which enable a recording virus infected patients with the Covid 19 virus, 2. The location on free beds according to the location in an intensive care unit, which enable the patient infected with the covid-19 virus infected, 3. The number of freelance ventilation device for hospital, 4. The number of free devices for extracorporal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) in the hospital. § 2 - The data mentioned in § 1 must refer to the situation as it exists in the hospital on the day of the transfer of the data in question. § 3 - The federal public service, security, security of food chain and the environment can publish technical instructions on the way the data mentioned in §1 must be collected and transmitted. 2 - §1 - ​​Each general hospital transmits the following data every day before 11:00 a.m. Total number of patient hospitals admitted to the hospital, 2. Number of the patients newly admitted to the hospital since the prior data collection; This data record must be divided into patients who have been accepted directly into the hospital and patients who were transferred from another hospital, 3. Number of patients who are in an intensive care unit of the hospital, 4. Number of patients connected to a ventilator in the hospital 5. Number of patients who are connected to an extracorporal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) in the hospital. 19-patients and possible COVID-19-patient-breakdown. § 3 - The data mentioned in § 1 must refer to the situation as it exists in the hospital on the day of the transfer of the data in question.Section 4 - Sciensano can publish technical instructions on the way the data mentioned in § 1 must be collected and transmitted .art.3 - The federal public service, public health, safety of the food chain and the environment can also be sent to the information about information about their entire treatment capacity searches. The hospitals must follow the request for information within two working days after the shipment. The federal public service, security of the food chain and environment can ask for any hospital, information about its stocks of personal protective equipment (Personal Protective Equipment or PPE) and an estimate of his daily consumption on such materials. Follow the uches within two working days after shipping. § 2 - The federal public service, the safety of the food chain and the environment, gives the type of personal protective equipment for every request for information, about whose existence and/or daily consumption he would like to receive information. § 3 - The most of the number of personal protective equipment must be communicated according to quantities, unless this is determined by the federal health, the security of the food chain and environment. Before the request was calculated, unless this is determined differently in the request of the federal public service, security of food chain and the environment. 5 - The issue will enter Kraft.Art.art on the day of his publication in the Belgian State Gazette. 6 - The Minister of Public Health is commissioned by the execution of the present decree.Publication: 2021-09-20Numac: 2021032851federal Public Health Service, Safety of the Food Chain and Leefmilieu21 September 2020.-Royal Decree in which people who are not legally authorized to practice medicine, in the context of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemia, admission granted to conduct certain laboratory tests. - German translation The following text is the German reversal of the Royal Decree of 21 September 2020 in which persons who legally do not authorize medicine to practice medicine, in the context of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemie, admission is granted to conduct certain laboratory tests (Belgian Official Gazette from 25 September 2020). This translation was drawn up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.fderaleröffentlicher Service Volksgesundheit, Sicherheit der Nahrungsmittelkette und Umwelt21. SEPTEMBER2020 - Königlicher Erlass zwecks Ermächtigung von zur Ausübung der Heilkunst gesetzlich nicht befugtenPersonen, im Rahmen der Epidemie des Coronavirus COVID-19 bestimmte Laboranalysen durchzuführenPHILIPPE,Konig der Belgier, Allen Gegenwartigen und Zukunftigen, Unser Gruß!Aufgrund des Gesetzesvom 19. Januar 1961 zwecks Ermächtigung von zur ausübung of salvation Gesetzlich nicht befugten persons, unter außergehnöhnlichen umständen bestimmed medizinic handlungs zu perform, the articles1; aufgrund der Stellungnahme des finanzinpektors vom 11 1973, aufgrondder the state of the state of the state of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of 1973, the AUFGRUED. Aufgrundder Dringlichkeit; in Erwägung der Stellungnahme des Hohen Gesundheitsrates vom 17. März 2020; inerwägung des königlichen erlasses vom 19. April 2020 zur erklärrung of the rawdam of the corinus donaviruiet; 19-Gesundheitskrisalig Ist, über ausreichende Testkapazitäten zu verfügen, um die Ausstiegsstrategie nach den Quarantänemaßnahmenzu unterstützen, ein erneutes Wiederaufflammen der Ansteckungen durch das SARS-CoV-2-Virus einzudämmenund eine Übersterblichkeit zu vermeiden;In Erwägung der Feststellung, dass die zugelassenenLabore derzeit nicht über ausreichend Testkapazitäten verfügen, um 50.000 Bis 60,000 Zusätzliche Molekulare, antigen-und serological tests durchzuführen.in Erwägung der Feststellung, dass that durchführungder Voorerwähnten tests eine the medizinischen labor technologies, dassy-to-the-of-the-of-the-of-the-of-the-of-the-of-the-of-the-of-the-Este-Tongen-7ththere-Tunge-der-Ralte-7ththere-there stop-to-the-of-the-Este-Tongen-there stop-to-no. Erforderlich Power; in Erwägung der Notwendigerkeit, Schnellstmöglich eine Zeitweiligeausnahmeregelung Vorzusehen, Damit auch Anderses Qualifiziertes Personal as Medizinic Laborologenogeneingestellt were durrkit, dams of sterns stern there plegeleistung gewährleistet bleibt; auf vorschlag des ministers of the Volksgesundheithabenwir Beslassen wir: Article 1 - that situation of the epidemic of the Coronaviruscovid -49 stells eine katastrophensitation dar, die, Dlael, Dlah, Dlah Einem, Dlah Einem, Dlas Einem, Dlah Einem, Dlas Einem, Dlah Einem, Einem Mangel, Einem Mangel, Einem Mangel, Einem Mangel, Einem Mangel, Einem Mangel, Einem Mangel, Dlas Einem, Dlas Einem, Dlas Einem, Dlas Einem, Dlas Einem, Dlah Einem. Labordiagnose der betreffenden Krankheit durchzuführen.Art.2 - Folgende Laboranalysen, nämlich Vorbereitung, Durchführung und Ausarbeitung von In-vitro-Analysenvon Proben menschlichen Ursprungs, dürfen von Personen durchgeführt werden, die durch oder aufgrund desGesetzes vom 10. Mai 2015 über die Ausübung der Gesundheitspflegeberufe Nicht Gesetzlich Dazu Befugtsind: 1. Immunological analysis, 2. molekularbiological analysis. Die in Absatz1 Erwähnten Laboranalysen Dürfen Nur Bei Proben Durchgeführt, who im Rahmen Einer Anysansteckung mit dem Covid-Virus Entnommen Wurden.art. 3 - Those in Article 2 Erwähnten Laboranalysendürfen Nur Durchgeführt, Wenn sie Gleichzeitig Folgende Squeezing Bells Erfüllen: 1. Sionwerden Unter der Koordination und Steantwortung Eines Zugelassenen Labors für clinical biology durchgeführt, who ir königlichen Erlassen erlassen über who Zober von Laboren fürheit Zusteitch den für .2. Sie were vonem facharzt oder-pharmacist für clinical biology, der Einem in nr. 1 Erwähnten Zugelassen and Labor Angeeschlossen Ist, Unter Seiner Aufsicht in Auftrag Geeben.3. Sie were Von Persons Durchgeführt, who inhabereines of the in Anlage 1 Erwähnten Diplome sind.4. Sie were Von Persons Durchgeführt, who became Einspezify Ausbildung Absolviert Haben, UM Solche Laboranalysen in Dem Labor Vornehmen zu Können, Unterdessen Koordination Sie Laboranalysen Durchführen. Diese Ausbildung Umfasst Mintestens die in Anlage 2 Erwähnten aspect. Those persons, those who eagid laboranalysen durchführen, müssen jederzeitnachweisen Können, dass sie dieses spezifi ausbildung absolviert haben.art4 - The settlement decree will come into force on the day of its publication in the Belgian State Gazette and will be out of force on October 1, 2021. 5 - The minister responsible for public health is commissioned by the execution of the present decree. De Blocklage1list The graduate in-depers' diploma holders can be considered for the implementation of the laboratory analyzes mentioned in Article 2:- Master of biomedical sciences, master of biochemistry,- Master of biology,- master of biotechnology, master of the bi-engineering,- master of neurosciences,- master Forensic sciences,- Bachelor of Chemistry,- Bachelor of Biochemistry, Bachelor of Agricultural and Biotechnology,- Bachelor of Biomedical Laboratory Technology, Bachelor of the Pharmaceutical Laboratory Technology,- Bachelor's Bachelor's Bachelor of Bio Inery Sciences. September 21, 2020 Werdenphilippevon Königs because of: The Minister of Volksgesundheitm.de Block system 2aspects of the specific training of Article 3 No. 4 mentioned must treat at least the following aspects:-All-reason of hygiene and organic safety as well as practical implementation of this THE Aoretic concepts, basic knowledge of the molecular and immunological screening technology and diagnosis,-the practical skills required for the proper execution of the tests, to be attached to our decree of September 21, 2020 because of: Dieminin Minister of Volksheitm. De blockPublicatie: 2021-09-23numac: 2021032916Fedeal Overhiddsdienst Financien7 November 2019.-Koninklijk Besluit dead wijziging van de Koninklijke Besluit nrs. 1, 7, 10, 24, 31, 35, 46 EN 56 MET Betrekking Tot de Belasting Over de Toegevoegde Waardde. - Duitse vertalingdehierna volgende tekst is de duitse vertaling van het koninklijk besluit van November 2019 dead wijzigingvan de koninklijke besluit nrs. 1, 7, 10, 24, 31, 35, 46 MET Betrekking Tot de Belasting Overde ToeGevoegde Waardde (Belgian State Blad Van 25 November 2019) .deze vertaling is opgemaaktdoor de Central duty voor duitse vertaling in Malmedy.Föderal Public Service Finance7. November 2019 - Royal decree to change the royal decree. 1, 7, 10, 24, 31, 35, 46 and 56 on the VAT report to the Königsire, with this design of a royal decree, the aim of royal decree No. 1 of December 29, 1992 on measures with regard to the payment of the payment of the payment VAT to change VAT as to the invoicing regulations within the framework of the sharing economy and in relation to telecommunications services, radio and television services and electronic services to non-taxpayers. VAT in relation to the duties of the bankruptcy manager. With the draft, the royal decree No. 7 of December 29, 1992 is also available for imports from goods for the application of VAT in relation to the procedure of passive refinement and royal decree No. 10 of December 29, 1992 about the modalities for D he Exercise of the options provided for in Denartikeln 15 § 2 paragraph 3 and 25th § 1 paragraph 2 no. 2 of the VAT letterbook, about explanations about activity intake, change and termination and about preliminary explanations in the area of ​​VAT is used with regard to self -employed mergers , in terms of changes in the provisions on special regulations for telecommunications services, radio and television services or electronic services to non-taxable and a conclusion in terms of modalities for taxation in the area of ​​renting of the natural goods. With the draft, the royal decree No. 35 of December 28, 1999 is also changed to the introduction of a flat basis for taxing the profit spanned reserve travel agency in the area of ​​VAT. With the draft, the royal decree No. 46 of December 29, 1992 on the declaration of the intra -Community acquisition of vehicles and the payment of the VAT owed in this regard and the royal decree No. 56 of December 9, 2009 on the reimbursement of VAT to taxpayers in another Member State of the reimbursement of the reimbursement, in relation to the exclusion period for the reimbursement of tax to certain sales that are not based in Belgium. April 2, 2002 on the modalities for the application of the VAT. Information on sales of non -resident taxable. this S Design is taken into account the third recommendation of statement No. 160/2019. The second recommendation of the statement is implemented by later amendment of the VAT code (below: "Code"). The other two recommendations are not followed. Chapter 1 - Sharing Economy article1 Legislators made it possible to carry out a limited activity with a minimum of administrative effort as part of the sharing economy. In reference to VAT, Article 50 of the Program Act of 1 . July 2016 (Belgian State Journal of July 4, 2016, 2nd edition, German translation: Belgian State Gazette of March 2, 2017) supplemented by a paragraph4 in which it is determined that taxable natural persons who are economy in the sharing Conditions are not recorded for the purposes of VAT. December 1992 on measures with regard to the guarantee of payment of VAT (below: "Royal decree No. 1") in exceptional cases obliged to issue an invoice for certain services that he provides for private purposes of natural personsHowever, such a taxpayer would not be able to make all of the royal decree No. 1 required on this invoice, since the nature of the simplification regulation is based on the Sharingeconomy that the taxpayers concerned are not captured for purposes of VAT. In addition, the issuing of invoices contradicts the spirit of the regulation, which on it, to free the taxpayers concerned from as many administrative obligations. Hence freed from the exhibition from invoices. Article 1 of this draft is added to Article 1 of Royal Decree No. 1 India's sense. Chapter 2 - Chapter 2 - On Telecommunications Services, Radio and Television Services and Electronic Services to Non -Talent Control Positioning Articles 2in Article 53decies § 1 Paragraph 3 of the Code, inserted by The law of February 11, 2019 on the amendment of the VAT CERFOCESIE Insulation of the treatment of vouchers and the special regulations for telecommunications services, radio and television services or electronic services to non-taxable (Belgische State newspaper from February 22, 2019, German translation: Belgian state newspaper from March 6, 2020) (below: "Law of February 11, 2019") is determined that the invoicing in reference to the special regulations mentioned in Article 58te and 58 Quater of the Code is subject in which the service provider or supplier, who claims one of the special regulations, is recorded for the purposes of VAT. With this new provision, Article 219a paragraph 2 letter b) of Directive 2006/112/EC of November 28, 2006 is implemented via the joint value system (below: "VAT guideline"). . January 2019 is now the responsible member state in relation to the invoicing provisions for:- Telecommunications services, radio and television services or electronic services that take place in Belgium or in the other Member State and by a service provider based in a third country, which in Belgium 58th special regulation mentioned ("non-EU regulation") is used and is therefore recorded in Belgium for the purposes of VAT,- telecommunications services, radio and television services or electronic services that are in another Member State. find and are provided by a service provider based in Belgium, which takes advantage of the special regulation ("EU regulation") mentioned). have to appear. At this first point, Article 53 Section 2 (1) No. 1 of the Code is determined that taxpayers, the deliveries of goods or services to a non -taxable legal person, are obliged to issue their contract partner an invoice. The combination of these provisions means that A taxpayer recorded in Belgium for the purposes of VAT, which takes one of the regulations mentioned in the articles 58t or 58quater of the code and provides a service to a non -taxable legal person to issue this person an invoice that takes place in another member state. The mandatory information mentioned in Article 5 § 1 of the Royal Decree No. 1 contains the mandatory information mentioned in Article 5 § 1 No. 9 Desiconal Decree No. 1 concerns the tax rates and the total amount of the taxes to be paid or to be corrected. This provision, even though it does not affect any formal difference, has always been concerned with the Belgian VAT rates and the account of the Belgian VAT. Since the entry into force of Article 53decies § 1 paragraph 3 of the Law Belgium Belgium, the competent Member State in relation to the invoicing regulations of a situation in which a tax liable for tax liable for tax liability tax of another Member State must invoice for the first time. 5 § 1 No. 9 of the Royal Erfar No. 1 offers no clear guarantee that the above case is already covered by this provisionIn order to ensure that legal certainty is widely possible and, in this special case, ensure that the amount of the VAT foreign value is correctly invoiced on the tax liability issued by Belgium for purposes of VAT, Article 2 of the Design Article 5 § 1NR. 9 of the royal decree No. 1 amended that the service provider is obliged to indicate the invoice that he issues his contractual partner in addition to the tax rates and the amount of VAT, that if the relevant sales take place in another member state, the community Applicable sentence and the tax to be paid or to be corrected refer to the Member State. A simple note of the Member State concerned on the calculation in addition to the additional value rate and/or amount specified in accordance with Article 5 of Section 1 No. 9 of the Royal decree No. 1 (examples: " VAT set (France): "," VAT amount (France) "or" VAT amount: XX, XX € (France) "). Any other statement that enables it to recognize on the invoice that the applicable sentence or the owed or to be corrected to a certain Member State is referred to for the application of the new Article 9 of Section 1 No. 9 of Royal Decree No. 1 as sufficiently respected. This special specification therefore does not constitute an additional statement as such, but only a specification of the application per application in Article 5 § 1 No. 9 of the Royal Decree No. 1 (Article 226 No. 9 and 10 of the VAT guideline) mentioned to one to take into account the very specific and previously unable case (i.e. if the Member State of others responsible for determining the invoice provisions is other than the one in which the tax claim is without the application of a reversal of the tax guidelines)). This provision is therefore not incompatible with Article 273 paragraph 2 of the VAT guideline. Chapter3 - Explanation and payment obligations of bankruptcy administrative items 3, 4 and 5in Article 53undencies of the Code, inserted by the law of July 30, 2018 to determine various provisions in the area of ​​VAT (Belgian State Blade of August 10, 2018, German translation: Belgian State Gazette of March 6, 2020), it is determined that the bankruptcy administrator is the position of the taxable bankruptcy debtor as part of the KORKURSLiquidationan for all rights and obligations that are assigned or imposed on the latter by the code and its execution lens are. This makes it clear that the bankruptcy administrator has to take the place of the taxpayer bankruptcy debtor as part of the bankruptcy liquidation and that all duties of Value, which are normally obliged to do tax, are responsible for this duties. , the storage and transmission of documents and the submission of periodic VAT declarations, with the exception of explanations that relate to the sales of the bankruptcy debtor before the bankruptcy opening and which the bankruptcy debtor had not yet submitted on the day of this judgment. is inserted by Article 3 of this draft new § 8 in Article 18 of Royal Decree No. 1, which an annual VAT declaration for the tax subject to tax provisions that the bankruptcy administrator is said to have in the area of ​​the tax employee (Article 2 of the Code) since the day of the bankruptcy opening judgment, with a adapted date for submitting and paying the VAT owed. to submit a periodic declaration of VAT annually, at the latest on February 28, after the year to which it refers. The tax owed, which emerges from this declaration, must be paid on April 30 of the same year. This payment period is necessary because the payment of amounts from the deposit and consignment fund is released, which takes a certain time. XX.140 of the Business Code). In this case, the bankruptcy manager must submit the VAT declarations to the normal rules, that is, with the same periodicity as the VAT declarations that the taxpayer submitted before bankruptcyOn the other hand, when the bankruptcy proceedings are concluded, the last periodic VAT declaration (which relates to the period from Januard's year until the verdict at the end of the bankruptcy proceedings) must be submitted at the latest on the last day of the second month after the verdict at the end of the bankruptcy proceedings. The owed tax, which emerges from this declaration, must be paid within three months after the deadline for submitting the declaration. 1 If the submission of the periodic VAT declaration is provided in an electronic way. This obligation applies in the same way to bankruptcy administrators within the framework of the above -mentioned obligation to submit periodical VAT declarations, if they do not have the necessary computer -assisted funds, in order to this To be committed to the obligation. Articles 4 and 5 of the draft are changed to Article 1 and 10 of Royal Decree No. 24 of December 29, 1992 on the payment of VAT in order to pay the practical modalities for paying the VAT to be determined. Contrary to the original acceptance of the data protection authority, this article does not provide the legal basis for the provisions of this draft in relation to the obligations of the bankruptcy administrator, so that the resulting recommendation is not relevant. As can be seen from the preamble of the design and from the report No. 66.447/1/V of the State Council of August 7, 2019, Article 53octies and Article 54 of the Code of Code form the legal basis for these provisions. Chapter 4 - Passive finishing items Article 88 of the VAT directive means ES: "For temporary objects that are reintroduced from the community, after they have been put in a standstill, redesigned or processed outside of the community, the Member States take measures that ensure that the VAT treatment is the same , as if the work mentioned had been carried out in their respective territory. "Belgium has taken such a measure by introducing a liberation from VAT in Article 40 § 1 No. 2 letter b) of the Code Community repaired, redesigned Oderbe- or have been processed by those who have carried out the goods from the community. Dieben conditions for the application of this exemption are in Article 41 of Royal Decree No. 7 from29. December 1992 on the import of goods for the application of VAT (below: "Royal estate No. 7"). On the basis of Article 41 of Royal Decree No. 7, an in article 40 § 1 No. 2 letter b) of the Code mentioned in part is partially available from the tax exemption, subject to the two fully mentioned fully mentioned in Article 41 of the Royal Decree No. 7 Conceptally, the application of the current provision leads to the context in which double taxation could occur if outside of the community work on goods that are carried out for this purpose from Belgium and are introduced after these work on Belgium. of the following example provision (contained in VSUE circuit No. 20/2010 of February 26, 2010, No. 27, Example 3). The VAT has acquired to China to let B coatable. A buys the yarn, the buttons and the feed that are required for the preparation of the coatable, from Chinese retailers C and indicates it to make this need material available to the work contract worker. . In fact, B provides a contractual work contract that takes place in the community that takes place in Belgium, the country in which the taxable/service recipient is based. However, the service is accompanied by a associated delivery of goods by one third, C. The prerequisite for the import of goods with complete exemption from the VAT in accordance with Article 41 § 4 No. 1 of Royal Decree No. 7 is therefore not fulfilled. In addition, in Article 41 § 4 No.2 This royal decree, which is intended to be exempt from VAT, is not applicable, since the contractual work in Belgium is subject to tax and the associated delivery of goods would also be subject to the tax if it had taken place in Belgium. Article 41 of Section 1 of Royal Decree No. 7. Article 41 § 3desselben royal decree therefore stipulates in the example mentioned above that the owed tax on the value of the goods and work that is delivered or provided abroad is increased by the amounts that are not yet included in this value and according to Article 34 §2 of the Legal Book must be included in the tax base, and to the sentence that is applicable to the goods applicable in Belgium. The associated delivery of goods by the supplier C increases the amounts that are still not contained to this value, which must be included in the taxation basis in accordance with Article 34 of the Code. § 2 of the Code AL s takes place in Belgium, so that it is already taxed in Belgium on the basis of Article 2 of the Code. In this case for the service (work contract work) as such that was actually provided outside of the community, but applies to the purposes of VAT than in Belgium, and once for the (re) import of goods to Belgium, in which the value of the previous service the tax basis for the VAT (value of the goods at the time of the re -import). line, according to which the Member States must take the necessary measures to ensure that the VAT treatment is reintroduced by those who have been applied to the goods concerned if the maintenance, reorganization or processing work in the area of ​​the Member States itself took place. In Article 7 of the present draft, Article 41 of Section 3 of Royal Decree No. 7 is therefore changed in such a way that the tax base on the re -import no longer includes "work abroad", but only services that according to the articles 21 § 2 and 21bis § 2 No. 6 letter c) of the Code does not find the joint act. Since these are therefore services that are not taxed in the community, the inclusion of their value in the tax basis for re -importing can no longer lead to double taxation. Declative No. 7 amended by replacing the words "goods". In fact, the first expression was used before the introduction of new rules for the determination of the location of the service in 2010, as in the case of services that consisted of material work on movable goods, according to the previous article 21 § 3 No. 2 letter a)) of the law book The place where these services were for VAT for the purpose of the VAT was the place where the estate at the time when this service was actually performed, regardless of whether these services are a taxpayer ("B2B"- Situation) or a non-taxable ("B2C" situation). Since January 1, 2010, such services that are provided to a taxable (B2B situation), according to Article 21 § 2 of the Code, have been taking place as to Woder Service recipients. Taking into account the changes to the rules for the determination of the service since January 1, 2010 and based on the in Article 41 § 4Nr. 1 of the royal decree No. 7 used formulation should be used in the future the terms "Hadden plaatsgevonden". In this way, a agreement between the French and Dutch version of Article 41 No. 2 of Royal Decree No. 7 is finally guaranteedThe actual amendment of royal decree No. 7 is used to adapt in Article 40 of this decree to refer reference to a outdated regulation. In Article 40 § 1 of the Royal Decree No. 7, in relation to the customs procedure carried out for the return, it says: "Indians Article 185 and 186 of the Regulation (EEC) No. 2913/92 of the Council of the European Communities on October 12, 1992 To determine the customs code of the communities ". This customs code of the communities sausage by the regulation (EU) No. 952/2013 of the European Parliament and the Council of 9 October 2013 to determine the customs code of the Union of a complete new version, from which the customs code Union emerged. The content of Article 185 and 186 of the above -mentioned regulation (EEC) No.2913/92 was adopted in Article 259 of the Union's new customs code. In Article 6 of the Design, reference in Article 40 of Section 1 of Royal Decree No. 7 is adapted accordingly. Chapter 5 - Independent mergers of personal items 8 and 9 with the law of May 26, 2016 for the amendment of the VAT code in relation to tax exemption for services self -employed compound People in favor of their members (Belgian State Gazette of June 9, 2016, German translation: Belgian State Gazette of December 16, 2016), the regulation in relation to these compilations was reformed in order to ensure a better implementation of the European regulations Services that provide independent mergers of people in favor of their members are freed from the tax if he is complied with. Cups to be fulfilled, regardless of whether or not the sales made by this merger are completely exempt from VAT. In particular, the merger must notify the administration commissioned with VAT (below: "administration") of the admission or exercise of such an activity and send a list of its members and the type of their work. This merger is also obliged to report any change in relation to its own work or the activity of its membership. September 2019 will be followed by a later amendment of Article 44 § 2bis of the Code. This change is intended to clarify the purpose of the obligations imposed on the self -employed together to the self -employed. Erzestes No.10 of December 29, 1992 on the modalities for the exercise of the options provided for in Article 15 § 2 Paragraph 3 and 25th Section 1 (2) No. 2 paragraph 2 of the Value Certificate Code, about explanations about job admission, change and termination and About the previous declaration of VAT (below: "Royal decree No. 10") expressly from the commitment to notify the administration of the admission of such an economic activity. In order to reconcile this provision of royal decree No. 10 with the new Article 44 § 2bis paragraph 3 to 5 of the Legal Book, Article 8 No. 1 of the Design Article 1 (5) of the Royal ErfarSNr. 10 Moduced that the self -employed connections of people mentioned in Article 44 § 2bis of the Code are excluded from this exemption. In Article 8 No. 2 Des design, Article 1 of Royal Decree No. 10 is added to a paragraph in which it is specified that that is specified that The list of members and the type of work that the independent merger of personal administration must transmit can either be transmitted to paper or electronically. According to the third recommendation of statement No. 160/2019, the data protection authority of September 27, 2019 is preceded by the fact that the list of members must contain names, legal form, address and corporate number of these members. to notify the responsible service of the administration electronically or on paper or leave a member or change the activity of one of its members. This obligation is subject to a new paragraph 2, which is inserted in Article 2 of Royal Decree No. 10Chapter6- Options as part of the special regulation that is on telecommunications services, radio and television service or electronic services to non-taxable and in the framing optional taxation in the area of ​​rental of natural goods item10, 11 and 12 option and information in the context of the special regulation for telecommunications services, radio and Television services or electronic services to non -taxable according to non -tax items 21BIS § 2 No. 9 Paragraph 1 of the Code, replaced by the law of February 11, 2019 in the implementation of Article 1 No. 1 of Directive 2017/2455/EU , telecommunications services, radio and television services apply undekehr electronic services that are provided within the community to non-taxpayers than in the Member State, in which The service recipient is based. However, Stinerkikel 21BIS § 2 No. 9 Paragraph 2 of the Code provides an exception to this basic rule. Small companies that provide such services should have the option under certain conditions (and in particular up to a certain threshold), this services in the Member State in which they are located (and not in the Member State in which the service recipient is in line with the service) To subdue. In this way, it is avoided that the VAT in a Member State in which the small company is not based, possibly using the special regulation ("EU regulation") in accordance with Article 57a number 2 of the implementing regulation (EU) No. 282/2011 of March 15, 2011 In order to determine implementation regulations guidelines 2006/112/EC of the Council of 28 November 2006 via the common VAT system. that telecommunications services, broadcasting and television services and electronic services that are provided within the municipality of non-tax service recipients than in the Member State in which the service provider is based, if:- The service provider is only based on one member state- the services to non -taxpayers who are based in a different Member State than the Member State in which the service provider is not exceeded EUR 10,000 in the current calendar year - the total amount - without VAT - and does not do so in the previous calendar year. However, Section 2 No. 9 Paragraph 4 of the Code can opt the taxpayers in order not to apply this deviation from the basic rule for the determination of the location and thus to have their services in accordance with this property rule directly in the Member State in which the service receiver is available. This option then applies to a period of at least two calendar years. Stinarktikel 21BIS § 2 No. 9 Paragraph 5 of the Code, the king is authorized to determine the modalities of the application of this option regulation and in particular to determine the formalities, the information about the information about the crossing of the threshold and the option declaration of the option. With articles 10 and 11 This draft is authorized by the king. 10 modified, on the one hand the option mentioned in Article 21bis § 2 No. 9 paragraph 4 of the Code (see comment on Article 11 of the draft) and on the other hand the option provided for in Article 44 §3 No. 2 letter d) Taxation of the rental of natural goods (see below comment on Article 12 of the Design). . 9 Paragraph 4 of the Code mentioned option and the notification of information to the administration in relation to the exceeding of the Inarticles 21BIS § 2 No. 9 paragraph 2 letter c) to be presented by the law book of 10,000EUR. paragraph 1 and 2 in terms of modalities for the exercise of the in Article 21bis § 2 No.9 Paragraph 4 of the Code of Code mentioned, a distinction between the taxpayers concerned, depending on whether they use the EU special regulation mentioned in Article 58quad of the Code of Code the recipient of the relevant services apply. 58 Quater of the Sonder Regulation mentioned to take advantage of the administration at the electronic address set up for this purpose by the ministerial finance or by its commissioned electronic address. Use on the first day, from which the special regulation mentioned in Article 58 Quater in Article 58 Quater of the Code may apply, i.e. in principle Article 57d of the Implementing Ordinance (EU) No. 282/2011 of the Council of March 15, 2011 Recording of implementation regulations on Directive 2006/112 /EG via the common VAT system, the first day of the quarter, which follows the application for registration in this special regulation. It is logical that if the taxpayer takes up his economic activity and at this time both options exercise, it also takes effect at the same time at the same time are available for the date of the option, no parallelism of Article 57dder Implementation Ordinance (EU) No. 282/2011 of the Council of March 15, 2011 who regulates the situation in which a steep more unusual. In this case, the option begins on January 1 of the year, for which the responsible service of the administration was informed by the option. In this way, it can be ensured in particular that taxpayers, the special regulation mentioned in Article 58 Quaterer of the Code, are already applied before January 1, 2019 and continue to apply them after this date, are not obliged to establish their service recipients in all Member States in which their service recipients are to be recorded for the purposes of VAT if you want to subject all your services in these member states of the tax. to let the service recipient be resident, but not to be used to use the special regulation mentioned in Article 58 Quater of the Code of law, the service of the service management management, which they are subordinate to, also inform them by entering it. The main interpretation of information is to inform the administration via the VAT registration of the Member State (s) for the above -mentioned services. of the threshold of EUR 10,000 mentioned in Article 21bis § 2 No. 9 Paragraph 2 letter c) of the law book: In § 1, the taxpayable riches mentioned every year from the first turnover - in its entirety - with which the threshold is exceeded, an explanation of the Exceeding the threshold in the responsible service of the administration. This declaration does not have to be submitted if the taxpayer in question has submitted such an explanation in the previous calendar year, or- The Inarticula 21bis § 2 No. 9 paragraph 4 of the Code ( According to the I m new Article 7th §§ 1 and 2 of the royal decree No. 10 modalities recorded) has been exercised in a coarse -preceding calendar year or in the current calendar year. which is made to the explanation. , introduced by the law of14. October 2018 (Belgian State Gazette of October 25, 2018, p. 81448 ff, German translation: Belgian State sheet of 6March 2020) (below: "Law of October 14, 2018"), the time for the exercise and the formalities to be observed as part of this option. In Article 12 of the present draft, a new article 7quater is inserted into the royal decree No. 10 , in whose § 1 paragraph 1 it is specified that this option for taxation is carried out by a common explanation dated and signed by the contracting parties. In this provision, it is also specified that this declaration must be drawn up at the latest at the latest, and taxed rental contract between the parties will be effective. In the relevant case, the fact of whether the rental agreement is registered or not, does not have an impact, since this applies that the agreement between the parties has the legal force, regardless of all formalities associated with the third -andtering rental agreement. 2 of the pre -chewing decree No. 10, the minimum information is specified, which must be recorded in the option declaration. It is: 1. Names or social names, address and in Article 50des code mentioned VAT identification number of the landlord and the tenant (for the last party, if necessary, the company number if it is not recorded for the purposes of VAT), 2. Identification of the building or part of the building, possibly, including the reason and the land, whose rental is taxed, 3. The expression of the will, the rental to tax, 4. Date on which the option becomes effective. Some taxable tenants, in particular, which only cause sales, for which they are not entitled to input tax deductible in accordance with Article 44 of the Code, is not assigned a VAT identification number as in Article 50 of the Legal Law. Expresses are expressed, or the terms used are of minor importance, provided that the will is unambiguously expressed. It goes without saying that, for example, a express reference to Article 44 § 3 No. 2 letter d) of the Code is an unambiguous witness of the parties to exercise the option for taxation. Optional taxation has been introduced in the area of ​​the rental of the rental of unmountable goods, the following is specified: "It is accepted that a specific" Pro Fisco "declaration in the rental agreement, which confirms the will to exercise the parties, is sufficient to allow the administration to prove that this option was actually carried out together by landlord and practiced by the tenant. " In the same sense, the new Article 7quater §2 of Royal Decree No. 10 provides that the admission of the information mentioned in Section 1 (2) in the document, which represents the rental agreement between the parties, is equated with a declaration mentioned in § 1 this provision To avoid. the party is required for the extended period. In accordance with the applicable tenancy law, the tacit extension - subject to different provisions - leads to the further use of the same contractual conditions between the parties. This also applies to the application of the VAT to the rental prices owed by the tenant and this is an application modality of Article 44§ 3 No. 2 letter d) of the law, the entry into force in accordance with Article 15 of the Act of October 14, 2018 Finally, it is specified in Article24 of this draft that Article 12 of the draft, with which the new article 7quater is inserted into the pharmaceutical decree No. 10, will also be effective on January 1, 2019 13In Articles 306 to 310 of VAT Directive, a special taxation regulation for sales, which are caused by travel agencies if they occur in their own name. Accordingly, Article 35 paragraph 2 of the code is authorized, the king's basis for the taxation basis for the in Article 18 § 2 paragraph 2 to determine the services of travel agencies mentioned by the Code. As in the VAT guideline, this provision on services that the travel agency provides for a travelerDerbelgische State has as a result of the judgment of the Court of Justice of the European Union (below: "Court of Justice") of February 18, 2018, Commission/Federal Republic of Germany, C-380/16, EU: C: 2018: 76, which in the judgment in the judgment of September 26, 2013, Commission/Spain, C-189/11, EU: C: 2013: 587, confirmed, a request for information in relation to the special regulation for travel agencies received by the European Commission's departments. In this request, the European Commission before that the Court is based on the differences between the language versions of the VAT guideline on this point on an approach that is based on the concept of the service recipient (and with it not the traveler). It follows that the special regulation for travel agencies should be applicable for all types of service recipients when traveling. The special regulation for travel agencies is only applicable when traveling that are sold to travelers who are natural persons, but also when traveling to travel agencies, which intend to resale them, and other luristic people who have the trip with regard to contact and have acquired the departure and stay of your personnel, your company manager or your administrator. Article 13 This draft aims to include Article 1 of Royal Decree No. 38 December 28, 1999 to introduce a flat -rate basic for the taxation of travel agencies in the area of ​​VAT to bring about the further interpretation of the personal area of ​​application of the special regulation for travel agencies. As a result, this provision is adapted by replacing the term "traveler (r)" by the term "service recipient", which reproduces this interpretation more appropriate, regardless of the maintenance of the term "traveler" in the German version of the above -mentioned article 306 to 310 of the VAT value directive. Article 18 § 2 Paragraph 2, 29 Section 2, 35 (2 and 45 and 45 of the Law book were similarly due to the law of May 2, 2019 for the determination of different provisions in the area of ​​VAT and to change the tax reduction for free benefits (Belgian State newspaper dated May 15, 2019, German translation: Belgian State Gazette of February 22, 2021) (below: "Law of May 2, 2019") changed. Chapter8 - Explanation and payment of the VAT item § 1 of the royal decree that is owed in the acquisition of vehicles No. 46 of December 29, 1992 also explanation of the intra -Community acquisition of vehicles and the payment of the VAT owed in this regard are persons who may be allowed to pay the intra -Community acquisition of a new vehicle in accordance with an explanation that does not have to be submitted to a customs office, nevertheless obliged to the delivery by the supplier Invoice issued of the vehicle and all other other others, from which it shows that the information on the invoice and the information in the declaration is correct to submit their choice at a customs office. Commissioner who preserves the permission to determine the vignette to determine the community character of this vehicle in the name of the Belgian customs office, or the permission to transmit a replacement signal instead of the management for vehicle registrations (DIV) by means of a procedure for electronic data transmission. To a paper vignette (Vignette No. 705), which must be attached to the registration application for land vehicles. In the course of 2018, the General Administration Tool and Accisen began a digitization project for this vignette. The self -adhesive vignette, as soon as new processes are implemented, is replaced by an electronic signal to the federal public mobility and transportation. Including this digitization is in article 14 of this draft Article 5 § 2 of the above -mentioned royal decree No. 46 This vignette is retained by a procedure of electronic data transmission. Chapter 9 - Exclusion period In the area of ​​cross -border reimbursement of VAT items 15ist, a taxable lens not in a location (without information on fraud or abuse), his right to reimbursement of VAT, that of the 2008 Directive /9/EC of the Council of 12February 2008 In order to regulate the reimbursement of the VAT in Directive 2006/112/EC to the Member State of the reimbursement, but taxpayers based in a member state, to exercise within the specified exclusion period, a Member State may not fail to use this right on the grounds, that the exclusion period for the exercise of this regulation has started to exercise this right from the date of the tax claim and had expired before the taxpayer submitted his request for reimbursement. C-533/16, EU: C: 2018: 204). In this case, the court was confronted with the regulation of a Member State, according to which a non-resident tax liability of the right to reimbursement of one more into the reimbursement of a freight in question of the freight in question Value tax is denied on the grounds that the exclusion period planned in this regulation had started to run from the time of the delivery and had been released before submitting the application for reimbursement. The VAT in favor of a taxpayer who does not resist in the Member State of Consumption and does not meet the purpose of the VAT, the right to withdraw the input tax, which is paid in a Member State in which the taxpayer's periodic VAT declarations are paid. That someone who wants to exercise a right to deduct input tax is both material conditions (taxable and the goods and services concerned from another taxpayer for the purpose of their own sales that justify a right to deduct input tax) as AUC h formal conditions (in possession of a regular invoice) must be fulfilled. However, the court emphasizes that a taxpayer according to Articles 180 and 182 of the VAT directive can be granted the deduction of the deduction if it is not the case during the period in which it was created , exercised. However, it is a prerequisite that certain conditions and individualities are determined in the national regulations, without this rule, however, by the granting of an unlimited right to deduct the input tax. sufficient taxpayers, provided that the equivalence principle (which requires that this period applies equally to the corresponding tax rights based on domestic law as to the rights based on the rights based) and the principle of effectiveness (which requires this that does not impossible or excessive the exercise of this right of deduction more difficult). he wants to exercise this right, are not actually fulfilled, regardless of when the tax claim has arisen to the tax to be deducted, but subject to cases of fraud, abuse or lack of care. In Belgium, the right to reimbursement of VAT for taxpayers , which are based in another Member State as Belgium and are not obliged in Belgium to submit periodic value declarations of the majority of periods. , which is based in a Member State of these reimbursement in a different Member State. As the previous guideline 2008/9/EC, this royal decree also sees in Article 12 paragraph 1 an exclusion period for submitting the application for reimbursement by which the exercise of the right on reimbursement ver is real. This period is set on September 30 of the year in accordance with September 30 of the year, which is calculated on the relevant reimbursement period (which is calculated in calendar months and comprises a period of at least three months to a maximum of one year). Under "reimbursement period" the period to which reference is made in the reimbursement application. In Article 13 § 1 No.1 of the same estate is determined that this request for reimbursement has to refer to the tax that has been used to use to make an invoice and for which the tax claim has arisen during the reimbursement period. In § 2 of this provision it is specified that the application can also refer to invoices that have not yet been compromised by previous reimbursement applications if they concern sales that were made in the calendar year of the reimbursement period. Directive 2008/9/EC stipulates that the request for reimbursement is made to "the acquisition of objects or services that have been taken into account within the reimbursement period, provided that the tax claim is before or at the time of the invoice status, or for the tax claim during the reimbursement period has arisen , if the tax claim was taken into account ", to be taken into account". A directive of this provision enables the exercise of this right to reimbursement under the conditions specified in this guideline in the case mentioned in the previous judgment of the Court of Justice of March 21, 2018. In Article 15 of the draft, Article 13 § 1 No. 1 of the above Royal decree No. 56 modified to ensure more faithful implementation of the VAT guideline and bring the article into line at the same time as the recent case law of the Court of Justice. Chapter 10 - Technical adjustments based on European legal provisions16 In Article 204 paragraph 1 of the VAT directive, it is determined that when it comes Tax debtors on the basis of the provisions of this directive is a taxpayer that is therefore not based in the Member State in which the VAT is due to allow Member States to appoint a tax representative who can r ublult 204 paragraph 1 sub -sales 2 of the VAT guideline is also determined that if the tax mandatory turnover is caused by a taxpayer who is not based in the Member State, in which the VAT is owed, and with the state in which this taxpayer There is a seat or a fixed branch, there is no legal agreement on administrative assistance, the area of ​​application of which of Directive 76/308/EEC (currently Directive 2010/24/EU, which affects administrative assistance in the event of VAT claims) and that of Regulation (EC) No. 1798 /2003 (currently regulation (EU) No. 904/2010 on the cooperation of the administrative authorities and the fight against fraud on the VAT area) is comparable, the member states can take precautions according to which Einvon owes the tax representative that is not based in their area .Belgienhat from these options through articles L 55 of the Code made use of the Code of Law. Area of ​​application with the Directive 2010/24/EU on administrative assistance in the collecting of VAT claims and the regulation (EU) No. 904/2010 on the cooperation of the administrative authorities and the fight against fraud is comparable to the area of ​​VAT. Since Belgium does not comply with his obligations from Article 204 of the VAT directive, Article 55 of the Law Book was changed by the Law Center 2, 2019 in order to the scope of the obligation to appoint a fiscal representative for taxpayers who are based outside the community, but in Belgium the VAT debt, to be limited to the cases for which this option is provided for in accordance with the above -mentioned itemder VAT guideline. Article 16 of this design is a similar adjustment in Article 1 of Royal Decree No. 31 of April 2, 2002 on the modalities for the use of VAT in relation to Sales of taxpayers who are not based in Belgium. Chapter11 - final provisions Article 17 of this draft is a transitional regulation for the application von Art 12 of this draft in relation to the exercise of the option for taxation of the rental of naturally unmountable Goods according to Article 44 § 3 No. 2 letter d) of the law book. Taking into account the fact that the relevant regulation in accordance with Article 18 of this draft is already 1January 2019 becomes effective, taxpayers who already submit the intent to submit the rental of VAT, granted an additional period in order to correctly complete the formalities for the exercise of the above -mentioned option. The parties concerned will have time at the end of the second month after the month in which this royal decree came into force, which takes place on the tenth day after its publication in the Belgian state newspaper. Royal declaration of the declaration mentioned or the certificate that makes a legal title for the rental contract between them can add an additional contract that contains the information that must be included in the above -mentioned explanation. two articles of this draft are provided. According to the date of the entry into force of the law of October 14, 2018 (Article 15), with which, among other things, Article 44 § 3 No. 2 letterbed) is inserted into the code of law, which is included in the optional taxation in relation to Reduces natural goods, the entry into force of the new Article 7 Quater of the Royal ErfaSnr. 10, which refers to the exercise of the option for taxing the rental of natural goods, on January 1, 2019. As a result, Article 18 of this draft is that Article 12 of this draft will be effective in Article 17 of this draft in Article 17 of this draft. in order to correspond to the application of the regulations in the customs area and the implementation of the digitizationer application. In this way, those concerned can use the advantages of the new procedure from this date. De croo7. November 2019 - Royal decree on the amendment of the Royal Erfahn No. 1, 7, 10, 24, 31, 35, 46 and 56 About the VAT philippe, king the Belgian, all present and future, our greeting! Due to the VAT code 21Bis § 2 No. 9 paragraph 5, inserted by the law of February 11, 2019, Article 35 paragraph 2, replaced by the royal decree of December 28, 1999 and confirmed by the legislative August 2003, Article 40 § 3, replaced by The law of November 26, 2009, Article 44 § 2bis paragraph 6, inserted by the law of May 26, 2016, Article 44 § 3 No. 2 letter d) paragraph 5, inserted by the law of October 14, 2018, of the Article 53 § 2 sales 5, replaced by the law of December 17, 2012, Article 53octies § 1 paragraph 1, replaced by the law of December 17, 2012, Article 53octies § 2, replaced by the Legal Through the law of November 29, 2017, of Article 53Nonies, inserted by the law of December 28, 1992 and amended by the law of January 28, 2004, of Article 54 (1), replaced by the law of December 17, 2012 and amended by the law of July 30, 2018, Article 55 § 3 paragraph 1, inserted by the law of December 20, 2002, and Desarticles 76 § 2 paragraph 2, inserted by the law of November 26, 2009; based on the royal decree No. 1 of December 29, 1992 on measures with regard to the Guarantee payment of VAT; due to the royal decree No. 7 of December 29, 1992, the import of goods for the application of VAT; due to the royal decree. 10 of December 29, 1992 on the modalities for the exercise of the options provided for in Article 15 § 2 sales 3 and 25th § 1 paragraph 2 no. 2 paragraph 2 of the VAT code, about explanations about activity, change and termination and about previous explanationsim Area of ​​VAT; due to the royal decree No. 24 of December 29, 1992, the payment of VAT; due to the royal decree No. 31 of April 2, 2002, the modalities for the application of VAT in relation to sales of non -resident taxes; On the basis of the royal decree No. 35 of December 28, 1999 for the introduction of a flat basis for the taxation of the profit span of travel agencies in the area of ​​VAT; due to the royal decree No. 46 of December 29, 1992 on the explanation of the intra -community acquisition of vehicles and the payment of the VAT owed in this regard; due to the king vertical No. 56 from 9December 2009 on the reimbursement of VAT to taxpayers who are based in a member state as the Member State of the reimbursement; based on the statement of the financial inspector of June 27, 2019; on the basis of the consent of the budget of July 15, 2019; on the basis of the statement by the data protection authority September 27, 2019; on the basis of the report No. 66.447/1/V of the State Council of August 7, 2019, submitted in the application of Article 84 § 1 paragraph 1 No. 2 of the Coordinated Act on the State Council on January 12, 1973; at the proposal of the Vice Prime Minister and Minister of the Finance Bed We: Chapter 1 - Sharing Economy Article 1 - Article 1 of Royal Decree No. 1 of December 29, 1992 on measures with regard to the guarantee of VAT, replaced by the royal decree of December 19, 2012 and Modified by the royal decree of December 18, 2015, a paragraph is With the following wording added: "In the deviation of paragraph 1, in Article 50 § 4 of the Code, the taxable of the issue of an invoice for the services you provide." Chapter 2 - on telecommunications services, radio and television services and electronic services non -taxes. 2 - In Article 5 §1 of the same decree, replaced by the royal decree of December 19, 2012, No. 9 is given by the words "and, if the relevant sales take place in another member state of the community, it must be stated that the applicable Sentence and the tax to be paid or to be corrected to refer to the Member State. With the following wording added: "Section 8 - In the deviation of Article 53 § 1 Paragraph 1 No. 2 of the Code, the bankruptcy manager of a taxpayer bankruptcy debtor must - except in the cases provided for in Article XX.140 of the Business Code - according to those specified in paragraphs 4 and 5 Modalities annually submit an explanation for Dieder tax, which he in the name of this tax liability Igen has provided the competition since the Tagdes, and this at the latest on February 28 of the calendar year after the calendar year, to which the declaration refers. Explanation receives. In deviation from paragraph 1, the bankruptcy administrator submits the declaration mentioned in paragraph 1 at the latest on the last day of the second month after the date of the judgment at the conclusion of the bankruptcy proceedings. The submission of the explanation mentioned in paragraph 3. "Art. 4 - In Article 1 introductory sentence of the royal decree no.24 of December 29, 1992 on the payment of VAT, recently amended by the royal decree of February 16, 2017, the words "by Article 8 § 1" by the words "der Article 8 § 1 and 10 No. 1/1 "replaced .art .art. 5 - Article 10 of the same decree, replaced by the royal decree of February 17, 2019, is changed as follows: a) A number 1/1 in the following wording is inserted: "1/1. Paragraph 1 of Royal Decree No. 1 of December 29, 1992 on measures with regard to the guarantee of the payment of the VAT mentioned, ". B) Inr. 2 If the word "explanation" is replaced by the word "explanations ".c) In No. 3, the words" of the same explanation "are replaced by the words" these explanations ". Chapter 4 - passive finishing type. 6 - in Article 40 § 1 of Royal Decree No. 7 of December 29, 19992 on the import of goods for the application of VAT, changed by the royal decree of June 20, 1994, the words "The Articles 185 and 186 of the Ordinance ( EEC) No. 2913/92Des Council of the European Communities of October 12, 1992 to determine the customs code of the Communities "by the words" Article 259 of the Regulation (EU) No. 952/2013 of the European Parliament and the Council of October 9, 2013 Definition of the Union's customs code "replaced .art. 7 - Article 41 of the same estate, most recently amended by the royal decree of December 9, 2009, is changed as follows: 1. Paragraph 3 is replaced as follows: "Section 3 - The tax owed is on the estate delivered abroad and services , which in accordance with Article 21 § 2 and 21bis § 2 No.6 letter c) The Code does not take place in the community, increases the amounts that are not yet included in this value and are to be included in the taxation basis in accordance with Article 34 of the Code, and the sentence that can be applied to the goods entered in Belgium , calculated. "2. [Modification of the Dutch text of § 4 No. 2] Chapter 5 - Independent compilation of personal species. 8 -Articles 1 of Royal Decree No. 10 of December 29, 1992 on the modalities for exercise in the articles 15 Section 2 (3) and 25th § 1 Paragraph 2 No. 2 Paragraph 2 of the Value Certificate Code provided, about explanations about the intake, change and termination and about prior declarations in the area of ​​VAT, recently modified by the royal decree of January 24, 2015, will be As follows: 1. Paragraph 5 is replaced as follows: "People, the exercise of their economic activity exclusively u Multimers, which are tax -free in Application von Article 44 of the Code, and do not open up the right to deduct input tax - with an exceptional self -employed compilation of personal explanations mentioned in Article 44 § 2bis of the Code. is added to the following wording: "In Article 44 § 2bis of the Code of law, the merging of people mentioned in accordance with Article 44 Section 2bis Paragraph 3 and 4 of the Code are also obliged to use the responsible service of the administration of commissioned tax on paper in the month after taking up their work Or electronically transmit a list that maintains the name, the legal form, the address, the company number and the type of activity of your members. "Art. 9 - In Article 2 of the same decree, recently amended by the royal decree of April 14, 2009, a paragraph with the following wording is inserted between paragraph 1 and 2: "Inviation of paragraph 1 parts in Article 44 Section 2bis Paragraph 3 of the Code mentioned People in accordance with Article 44 Section 2bis Paragraph 3 of the Code of the Law. Condition of persons or when changing the activity of one of its members, the merger shares this in accordance with Article 44 Section 2bis Paragraph 3 and 4 of the Code in the month after this event electronically. "Chapter 6 - Options as part of the telecommunications services, radio and Television NSt services or electronic services to non -tax applicable special control and in the context of optional taxation in the area of ​​renting natural goods. 10 - In the heading of the same decree, most recently modified by royal decree of April 30, 2013, the words "Article 15 § 2 paragraph 3 and 25th § 1 paragraph 2 no. 2 paragraph 2" by the words "Article 15 § 2 paragraph 3, 21bis §2 No. 9 paragraph 4, 25 § 1 paragraph 2 no. 2 paragraph 2 and 44 § 3 No. 2 letter d) "replaced. Art.11 - In the same decree, an article 7th is inserted with the following wording: "Art. 7th § 1 - taxpayers who would like to use the special regulation or application mentioned in Article 58 Quater of the Code of the Law, practice the option in Article 21bis § 2 No. 9 Paragraph 4 of the Legal Book Minister of Finance Oder from his commissioned electronic address inform. According to the elderly, Article 57d of the Implementing Ordinance (EU) No. 282/2011 of the Council of March 15, 2011 Subscription of implementation regulations on Directive 2006/112/EC via the common VAT system glint. If the taxpayer already uses this special regulation, the option begins on January 1 of the year, for which the option was exercised. § 2 - In Article 58quater § 2 of the Code mentioned, the taxpayers mentioned in Article 58 Quater of the Code of the Law, practice the option in Article 21bis § 2 No. 9 Paragraph 4 of the Code of Code. They are subordinate to them by entering the inscription. In this letter, the following must be given: 1Name or company name of the taxpayer and address of his main administrative or business seat and identification number, which was to be used on the basis of Article 50 of the Code for the application of VAT, 2. Member State or Member States, in which Article 21bis § 2 No. 9 Paragraph 1 of the Code takes place and for which the option is exhausted, 3. Identification number, which the taxpayer was assigned to in this or this Member State for the application of VAT, 4. Date on which the option uses, 5th date and name and property of the signator. Section 3 - Taxpayers provide an explanation for the responsible service of the administration on the exceeding of the thresholds mentioned in Article 21bis § 2 No. 9 paragraph 2 letter c) of the law from the first turnover - in its entirety - with which the threshold is exceeded, with which the threshold is exceeded However, people are freed from this declaration if such an explanation was submitted in the previous calendar year or if they have exercised the option mentioned in Article 21bis of the Code in one of the two previous calendar years or in the current calendar year. Or his representative determines the form and the way in which the explanation is made. . 2 letter d) The option for taxation mentioned by the landlord and tenant is dated E and signed explanation at the latest time at the latest at which the rental agreement between the parties is effective, this is explained. This explains the following information: 1. Name or social name, address and in Article 50 of the Landlike Detention number of the landlord and the tenant, 2. Identification of the building or part of the building, possibly including the associated land, whose rental is taxed, 3. Expiration of the parties, taxing the rental, 4th date on which the option becomes effective. § 2 - The admission of the information on the document in § 1 paragraph 2, which represents a legal title for the rental agreement between the parties, is equated with a declaration mentioned in § 1. § 3 - In the event of a conflicting extension of a rent, which is taxed as a result of an option, no additional explanation of the parties is required. "Chapter 7 - Travel Authority. 1999 For the introduction of flat -rate basis for taxing the profit span of travel agencies in the area of ​​VAT will be replaced by the word "travelers" by the word "service recipient". Chapter 8 - Explanation and payment of the VAT type owed in the acquisition of vehicles. . 46 of December 29, 1992 on the declaration of the intra -Community acquisition of vehicles and the payment of the VAT owed in this regard, finally modified by the royal decree of August 24, 2005, § 2 is replaced as follows: "§2 - The provisions of § 1 are not applicable if the person who pays the tax must, di e E from the minister of finance or from its representative, the vignette has been neglected on the basis of the intra -Community acquisition of the vehicle or a turnover of equalization in accordance with the explanation mentioned in Article 53 § 1 No. 2 of the Code. to transmit the management for vehicle registrations (DIV) by means of a procedure of electronic data transmission. "Chapter 9 exclusion period in the area of ​​cross -border reimbursement of VAT. 15 -in Article 13 § 1 of Royal Erfar No. 56 of December 9, 2009 on the reimbursement of VAT to taxpayers who are in a different Member State as the Member State of the reimbursement, changed by the royal decree of April 30, 2013, No. . 1 replaced as follows: "1.The tax, with which deliveries of goods and services were charged, for which an invoice has been issued within the desert period in accordance with Article 53 of the Code, provided that the tax claim arises before or at the time of the issue of the invoice is, or for which the tax claim arose during the reimbursement period, provided that the tax claim is issued for these sales in accordance with Article 53 of the Code of the Law issued an invoice, "Chapter 10 - Technical adjustments based on European legal provisions.16 - in Article 1 of Royal Decree No. 31 of April 2, 2002 on the modalities for the VAT application in relation to sales of non -responsible taxpayers, finally modified by the royal decree of 24 . January 2015, § 1 is replaced as follows: "§1 - A taxpayer that is not based in the community initiates the approval of a fiscal representative in accordance with the provisible decree, unless it is by the application of articles 55 § 1 paragraph 2 of the law Freeds before it in Belgium: 1. 1. Inveluction of goods or a service that does not deliver the delivery of goods or serviceists, for which the tax is owed in accordance with Article 51 § 2 Paragraph 1 No. 1, 2, 5 and 6 of the Code of Contracts , 2. An import of goods, an intra -Community acquisition of goods or sales, for the on the basis of Article 51 § 2 Paragraph 1 No. 3 and 4 of the Code, the tax owes 3. A turnover, by which goods are placed under a other warehouse control as the customs warehouse regulation, which is not subject to the tax. The provisions of the defect arrangement arranges the approval of a fiscal representative before he has a rejected sales. - Taxpayers who have a part of a building or a building or a building part, possibly including the associated land, which becomes effective before the date of the entry into force of this decree, and at the latest at the latest at the time of the effect on this contract. to tax the rental, practice the latest day of the second month after the month in which the present decree came into force in Article 44 § 3 No. 2 letter d) of the code mentioned option for the taxation Types from: 1. By creation of the declaration as mentioned in Article 7quater § 1 of Royal Decree No. 10 of December 29, 1992 on the modalities for exercise in Article 15 § 2 paragraph 3 and 25 § 1 paragraph 2 No. 2 paragraph 2 of the VAT code provided , About explanations about the admission, change and termination and about prior declarations in the area of ​​VAT, inserted by Article 12 of the present decree, modalities provided for in this article, 2. by adding an additional contract that contains the information of the statement mentioned in No. 1, to the certificate, which is a right title for the rental agreement between the parties. 18 - Article 12 will be effective on January 1, 2019. Article 14 will be effective on February 4, 2019.art. 19 - The ministerist responsible for finance commissioned to execute the present decree.