Publication: 2021-01-15Numac: 2021020134 Flemish government18 December 2020.-Decree of the Flemish Government containing various urgent measures under COVID-19 for the secondary education law (s) This decision is based:-the decree of 18 January 2002 on the Final terms, the development goals and the specific attainment targets in full-time ordinary and extraordinary secondary education, Article 8, §4- The Codex Secondary Education of 17 December 2010, Article 357/5, § 1, 1 ° form requirement (s) the consecutive form requirements are fulfilled: - The Finance Inspectorate has given advice on 9 December 2020.- For the sake of urgent necessity, this draft is not presented to the advice of the Legislation of the Council of State (cf. Art. 3, § 1 coordinated laws on the Council of State) . The decision is immediately submitted for definitive approval. Motivation decisive decision is based on the following motives: -ing the difficult circumstances During the COVID-19 Pandemie, the period for submitting curriculum for the second degree of Het Secondary Education is postponed by 2 months. COVID-19 find students in De Training Children's Counselor Dual and in the Healthcare Dual training difficult to find two workplaces. This condition is therefore discontinued as well as the minimum periods imposed. Initiator (s) this decision is proposed by the Flemish Minister of Economy, Innovation, Work, Social Economy En Agrouw and the Flemish Minister of Education, Sport, Animal Welfare and Flemish Randna Breking, Devlamic Government Decides: article 1. Contrary to Article 4, first paragraph, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 10 November 2006 establishing the approval criteria and submission modalities of the curricula, the curriculum of the second degree that applied on 1 September 2021 in the first grade of That degree, submitted to the competent Inspector-General Appearer months after the approval of the final objectives of that grade.Art. 2. Contrary to Appendix2 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 12 October 2018 to record structural hundreds of play and standard processes in secondary education, the school year 2020-2021 applies that students in the childcare center and in the Healthcare Dual course no workplaces must, and the minimum periods that are imposed in the respective standard processes are not met .Art. 3. The Flemish Minister, competent for education, is responsible for the implementation of this decision.brussel, 18 December 2020. The Prime Minister of the Flemish Government, J.Jambonde Flemish Minister of Economy, Innovation, Work, Social Economy and Agriculture. Crevitsde Flemish Minister for Education, Sport, Animal Welfare and Flemish Rand, B.WeytsPublication: 2021-01-18Numac: 2021020165Federal Public Service Home Affairs12 January 2021.-Ministerial Decree amending the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19. - German translation below is the German translation of the Ministerial Decree of 12 January 2021 amending the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (Belgian Official Gazette of 12 January2021). This translation was drawn up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.Föderaleröffentlicher Service Inneres12. January 2021 - Ministeryller Erlass Zur Abänderung des Ministerialian Lasses vom 28. October 2020 Zur Festlegung von Dringlichkeitsmaßnahmen Zur Eindämmung der Ausbreitungdes Coronavirus Covid -19Die Minister of the Inner, afgrund of the paints of the paints of the paints of the paints of the paints of the paints of the paints of the paints of the paints of painting of the paints of painting of the paints of painting of the paints of painting of painting of painting, the paints of painting of the paints of the paints of the paints of the paints of the paints of the paints of the paints of the paints23, the painting of the paints of paints23. Articles 4; AUFGRUNDDES GEETZES VOM 5. August 1992 über das Polizeiamt, of Article 11 und 42; Aufgrund des Gesetzesvom 15. Mai 2007 über die Zivile Sicherheit, of Article 181, 182 und 187; Aufgrund of the Ministerial Lasses Vom 28. October 2820. von Dringlichkeitsmaßnahmen Zur Eindämmung der Ausbreitungdes Coronavirus Covid-19; Aufgrund von Article 8 § 2 Nr. 1 und 2 des Gesetzes vom 15.Dezember 2013 zur Festlegung verschiedener Bestimmungen in Sachen administrative Vereinfachung ist vorliegenderErlass von der Auswirkungsanalyse beim Erlass von Vorschriften befreit;Aufgrund der Stellungnahmedes Finanzinspektors vom 11. Januar 2021;Aufgrund des Einverständnisses des Staatssekretärsfür Haushalt vom 12. Januar 2021 ; Aufgrund der am 12. January 2021 Abgegebenen Stellungnahmeder Minister, who is im rat darüber beraten; der Gesetzgebungsabteilung des Staatsrates innerhalb einer verkürztenFrist von fünf Tagen abzuwarten, insbesondere aufgrund der Notwendigkeit, Maßnahmen zu erwägen,die sich auf epidemiologische Ergebnisse stützen, die sich Tag für Tag weiterentwickeln, wobei die jüngstenErgebnisse die auf der Sitzung des Konzertierungsausschusses vom 8. Januar 2021 beschlossenen Maßnahm Entertigertt Haben; Dass es daher urgently Erforderlich isst, Mestimme Maßnahmen zu Erernundund Other Anzupassen; in Erwägung der Konzertierungen Zwischen the Regierungen of the Furierierteilgebiet und den Zuständigen Föderalen Behörden imtanden Sicherheitsratratratrat, am 10.undsratratratratratratrat, of am 10.undsratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratrat, am 10.und. . Und 24. April 2020, am 6., 13., 20. und 29. Mai 2020, am 3., 24. und 30. June2020, AM 10., 15., 23. und 27. July 2020, AM 20 . August 2020 und AM 23. September 2020 sister -to -eatist; in Erwägung of the Gees und der Gems und der Stellungnahmen der Rag und Desceleval; in Erwägung der Stellungnahme des Hohen Gesundheitsrates vom July 2020; inerwägung des der Europäischen Union, in Dem Das Prinzipder Vorsorge im Rahmen der Bewältigung Einer Internationalen Gesundheitskrise und der Aktiven Vorbereitungauf Einen Möglichen Krisenfall Anchert ist; Dass Dieses Prinzip VoraSetzt, Dass who Öffentlichenbehörden Bei der Feststellung, Dass Ein Ernst Risiko Höchstwahrscheinlich Eintreten Wird, UrgeeUnd Vorläufige Schutzmaßnom ergreifen) Derlägungecece) Derlägungecececaec) Derlägungecececeecde) Derlägungecec's) Derlägungecececebecd) derlägungecec's) Derlägungecec )d derlägungecect )d derlägungecect) Derlägungecec's) Derlägungecec )caec derlägungecececebecd) dervägungecec; 27. April 2016 Zum Schutznatürlicher Persons Bei der Verarbeitung Passenger Dating, Zum Freien Datenverkehr und Zur AuFhebungder Direct Line 95/46/EG; In Erwägung des Getzes vom 24. January 1977 übergens of Gesundheitor Bereich des Gesetzes vom 4.August 1996 über das Wohlbefinden der Arbeitnehmer bei der Ausführung ihrer Arbeit und seiner Ausführungserlasse;InErwägung des Zusammenarbeitsabkommens vom 25. August 2020 zwischen dem Föderalstaat, der Flämischen Gemeinschaft,der Wallonischen Region, der Deutschsprachigen Gemeinschaft und der Gemeinsamen Gemeinschaftskommissionin Bezug auf that mere insame Verarbeitung von Daten durch Sciensano und die von den zuständigen föderiertenTeilgebieten oder von den zuständigen Agenturen bestimmten Kontaktzentren, Gesundheitsinspektionsdiensteund mobilen Teams im Rahmen einer Kontaktermittlung bei (vermutlich) mit dem Coronavirus COVID-19 infiziertenPersonen auf der Grundlage einer Datenbank bei Sciensano;In Erwägung des Gesetzes Vom 9. October2020 Zur Billigung des Voorerwähnten Zusammenarbeitsabkommens vom 25. August 2020; in Erwägungdes Königlichen Erlasses vom 22May 2019 on the emergency planning planning and the coping with the emergency of municipal and provincial levels and the role of the mayors and the provincial organure on crisis events and in crisis situations that require coordination or coping with the national level; the federal phase with regard to the coordination and crisis management in relation to the Coronaviruscovide-19; in consideration of the "guideline for the opening of business", which is made available on the website of the federal service. by COVID-19 at work ", which is made available to employment, work and social concerts on the website of the federal service. on the website of the Federation of Economy; in consideration of the protocols, which are determined by the responsible ministers in concerting with the relevant sectors; in consideration of the recommendation (EU) of the Council of the European Union of August 7, 2020 to change the recommendation 2020/912 to gradually cancel the temporary restriction of not necessarily necessary trips to the EU; in consideration of the recommendation (EU) 2020/1475Des Council of 13 October 2020 for a coordinated procedure for restriction in the freedom of reveals of the COVID-19 pandemy; in consideration the explanation of the WHO in relation to the qualifying Coronavirus Covid-19, in particular with regard to the high transferability and dying risk; inheritance of the qualification of the Coronavirus Covid-19 as a pandemic that made by the WHO on March 11, 2020 March 16, 2020 The highest warning level in relation to the Coronavirus Covid-13au The calling that the global economy destabilizes and spreads quickly in the world; inner weighing the introductory speech of the WHO general director of October 12, 2020, in which it clearly made that the virus is mainly transferred between tight contacts and leads to outstanding epidemic, which could be contained by the implementation of targeted measures; inner consideration of the explanation of the WHO Europe General Director of October 15, 2020, in which he pointed out that the situation in Europe is very worrying and that the transmission and the transmission sources to the houses Public locations and in persons who do not follow the self-protection measures correctly, take place or to take place; in consideration of the explanatory general director of the WHO of October 26, 2020, in which he made it clear that the highest number of COVID-19 per week from 19 . October 2020 have been recorded and that all the strict to be taken to protect the employees of the health care sector; that schools and companies can remain open, but compromises must be made; that the general director confirms that the virus can be suppressed through fast and targeted action; inner weighing the explanations of the WHO general director of December 30, 2020 and January 5, 2021, in which he emphasized the importance of the measures until vaccination to continue the population; in consideration of the explanation of Dr. Hans Henri P. Kluge, Regional Director of the WHO for Europe, of January 7, 2021, in which he warns for caution, before being overwhelmed to abolish the applicable measures; inner weighing up the risk analysis of the European Center for Prevention and the Control of Diseases (ECDC) of December 20, 2020 on the "rapid increase of a SARS-COV-2 variant with several top von protein mutations that were observed in the United Kingdom" and from 29December 2020 "Access to the spread of new worrying SARS-COV-2 variants in the EU/in the EEA"; that DasecDC advises the Member States in this analysis to "consider guidelines to avoid necessary trips and social activities"; that particularly drastic measures are taken to avoid the further spread of the virus by reducing interpersonal contacts; that the entire national territory is affected by the danger; that it is important that for the conservation of public order is given a maximum of coherence for the measures taken, which maximizes your efficiency; However, the fact that local authorities have the opportunity to take stricter measures in their field in the event of an increase; in the consideration that Fürunser Land has been in alarm level 4 (very high alarm level) since October 13, 2020; The daily average of the new cases of contagion with the Coronavirus Covid-19in Belgium in the past seven days to 1816 again confirmed positive cases on January 11, 2021; in the consideration that a total of 1,955 Covid-19 patients in Belgian hospitals were treated; that a total of 371 patients were in intensive care units on the same day; inner weighing of the recent light increase in the number of new infection cases and the occupancy of the hospital beds; that the pressure on the hospitals and the continuity of care, which is not related to Covid-19 is very high and that the danger to public health continues; that hospitals still have to deal with disease -related personnel bottlenecks and that this can lead to a personnel deficiency health care sector; that it must be prevented from putting pressure on patients in the Demstaats area; in consideration that the epidemiological situation is already serious and precarious; that the incidence on January 11, 2021 is still 207.9Pro 100 in the 14-day middle000 inhabitants; that the reproduction rate based on the number of new infection cases is still below 1, but has increased again; that a further reduction of the numbers is necessary to find a way out of this dangerous epidemiological situation; that extensive and far -reaching measures remain necessary to keep them under control; in the consideration that uncertainty about the effects of the celebrations at the end of the year, the return from travelers and the start of school still insist on the number of infection; that a re -flaming virus on Belgian territory must avoid being relaxed too quickly; that for this reason the measures taken beforehand must be extended; It can already be determined that the positivity rate in the case of tested travel returners can increasingly be and can be considerable; in the consideration that due to the current epidemiological situation, a drastic limitation of social contacts and the permitted activities is required to avoid further increase in numbers ; In the consideration that the waiting times for driving license training and exams and for training to control aircraft; that this has harmful consequences for people who, for professional reasons, urgently need a driver's license or a qualification; that these training and exams are therefore allowed again; in the consideration that snow attracts large groups of people to practice winter sports; that many people come together on the skiing and cross-country slopes; that it is not possible to control the amounts of diemen in these places and that compliance with the rules of the social distance cannot be guaranteed; that this leads to an increased risk of transmission of the virus; that the ski slopes, cross -country slopes and ski centers have to remain closed for this reason; inner weighing of points 19 b) and 19 h) of the recommendation (EU) 2020/1475 of the council must work in traffic sector and Sailors are considered an essential employee and service provider; in the consideration that the requirement that employees in the transport sector and seafarers at the border crossing or after the border would have to be tested, lead to unnecessary queues and negatively impact on the waiting times when the limits are exceeded; The fact that employees in the transport sector and seafarers therefore do not have to be obliged to undergo a Covid-19 test; based on the urgency: Article 1-Article 3 of the Ministerial Erfute dated October 28, 2020 to determine urgency measures to improve the spread of the corona viruscovide 19 is changed as follows: 1. The following words are canceled in § 1 paragraph 1: "In the sectors construction, cleaning, agriculture and horticulture, as in Article 20 of Section 2 of Royal Decree No. 1 of December 29, 1992 on measures with regard to the payment of the payment and in Article 1 No. 1 of the Royal Erfar No. 22 of September 15, 1970, over the special regulation for farmers in terms of VAT, as well as activities in the meat sector, as in Article 2 of the Royal Decree of December 27, 2007 for the execution of Article 53 of the Code amicable entitlement and the forced entity of tax claims and non -tax claims and articles 12, 30bis and 30th of the law of June 27, 1969 on the revision of the decree of December 28, 1944 on the social security of the workers and of Article 6th of the Act of 4th August 1996 about that Well -being of the employees mentioned in the execution of their work, ". 2.in § 2 paragraph 1 are followed NDE words canceled: "In the sectors construction, cleaning, agricultural and gardening, as in Article 20 § 2 of the previously mentioned royal decree No. 1 of December 29, 19992 and in Article 1 No. 1 of the previous Royal Decree No. 22 of September 15th Mentioned in 1970, or activities in the meat sector, as mentioned in Article 2 of the above royal decree of December 272007, ". 3. Paragraph 3 is replaced as follows: "A living or self -employed person living abroad or self -employed, who is temporarily employed by an employer or user to carry out activities in Belgium, must bring the negative result of a tester, which at the earliest 72 hours before the start of his activity or Activity was carried out in Belgiaenden if it stays in Belgian territory for more than 48 hoursThis negative result can be checked by the danger prevention consultant work doctors and all services and institutions that are committed to monitoring compliance with the obligations in the context of the urgency measures. With the following wording added: "People who are in a workplace must comply with the obligations determined by the competent authorities. of the obligations imposed in the context of the urgency measures to contain the spread of the Coronaviruscovide -19, ask the persons concerned to provide evidence that they have the obligations specified by the responsible authorities keep. 3 - [Modification of the French text] Art.4 - In Article 7 of the same decree, § 2 is revoked. 5 - In Article 8 §4 paragraph 1 of the same decree, the words "Services through trade transactions, private and public businesses and services mentioned in the investment are necessary for the protection of life -important needs of the nation and the needs of the population." replaced by an in-end point and supplemented by the following words: "- Services by trading businesses, private and public businesses and services mentioned in the investment. And for training as a guide for aircraft with the aim of a professional qualification, in compliance with the modalities provided for in the applicable protocol. "Art. 6 - Paragraph3 of the same law is canceled. 7 - Article 21 of the same decree is changed as follows: 1. Paragraph 2 bis is canceled. 2. In paragraph 3 paragraph 1, the words "1, 2 and 2 bis" are replaced by the words "1 and 2". 3. Paragraph 7 is used by a paragraph 2 with the following wording: "In deviation from paragraph 1, the following categories of travelers do not have to show a negative test test: 1. If you travel to Belgium as part of your function: worker of the traffic service provider, including truck drivers, Diegüter for Preparing use in the territory, and those that are only on the passage,- soul,- "Border Force Officer" of the United Kingdom,- Borderstriper, 2nd student from neighboring countries who travel to Belgium as part of the compulsory lesson, 3. that travel to Belgium as part of the cross -border co -parents. "Art. 8-Article22 paragraph 1 of the same decree is replaced as follows: "As part of the fight against the Coronaviruscovid-19, the State Office for Social Security can be processed as contract processors for all services and institutions that are commissioned to combat the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 All services and institutions that are commissioned to monitor the containment of the spread of the Coronavirus COVID -19 imposed obligations as part of the urgency measures, with regard to the support of the tracer and review of clusters and personal health data in relation to the coronavirus covid-19 as well Contact, identification, employment and residence data from employees and self-employed collecting, combining and processing, also datamining and datamatching. "Art. 9 - Article 28 of the same decree is replaced as follows: "The issuing measures are required by March 1, 2021." Art. "Art. 10 - On the day of its publication in the Belgical State Blatt, the present will occur in Kraft.brussels, January 12, 2021a. PublishersPublication: 2021-01-27NUMAC: 2021020179federal Public Service Finance29 August 2019.-Royal Decree to amend some federal tax provisions to the Code of Companies and Associations and to the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 implementing the Code of Companies and Associations and and Associations and containing various provisions. - German translation of extracted following the following text is the German translation of Articles 1 to 25.27 and 38 to 40 of the Royal Decree of 29 August 2019 to amend some federal tax provisions to the Code of Companies and Associations and to the Royal Decree from 29 April2019 to the implementation of the Code of Companies and Associations and containing various provisions (Belgian Official Gazette of 13 September 2019). This translation was drawn up by the Central Voor German translation in Malmedy.federaler Öffentlicher Service Finanzen29.August 2019 - Königlicher Erlass Zur Anpassung Bestimmter FIDERALER STEUERRECHER BESTIMMUNGEN ANDAS GEETZBUCH DER GESELLSCHAFTEN UND Vereinigungen und den Königlichen Erlassen Erlassen Erlassen Erlassen Erlassen, April 2019 Zurausführung des Gesetzbuches der Gesellshaften Undhine Festongungungunsenlagen's Befinherlungen Wongungungenden en Gesetzbuches der Gesellschaften und Vereinigungen und des Königlichen Erlasses vom 29. April2019 zur Ausführung des Gesetzbuches der Gesellschaften und Vereinigungen die notwendigen Anpassungenan den föderalen steuerrechtlichen Bestimmungen angebracht, die in verschiedenen Königlichen Erlassenenthalten sind.Wie dies bereits beim Gesetz vom 17. März 2019 zur Anpassung bestimmter föderalersteuerrechtlicher Bestimmungen an das neue Gesetzbuch der Gesellschaften und Vereinigungen der Fall war,wird mit vorliegendem Erlassentwurf im Prinzip darauf abgezielt, die Neutralität dieses neuen Gesetzbuchesin steuerlicher Hinsicht zu gewährleisten, nicht aber wesentliche Abänderungen an diesen steuerrechtlichenBestimmungen anzubringen.Im Gesetz vom 23. März 2019 zur einführung des Gesetzbuches der Gesellsktenund Vereinigungen und Zur Festlegung Vigenener Bestimmungen Wird Gesellschaften, who am 1 January 2019 destoles, the besondere aufmerksamkeit with; für sie sind ausführliche überangsestimmungenVorgesehen. Für diese besthenden gesellschaften das alte gesellschaftsetzetzbuch einige Zeitanwendbar. Das Inkrafttreten des vorliegenden Entwurfs und seine Anwendung tragen dem Rechnung, indemsichergestellt wird, dass für Gesellschaften, die weiterhin dem Gesellschaftsgesetzbuch unterliegen,die in den Ausführungserlassen enthaltenen Verweise auf die Bestimmungen des Gesellschaftsgesetzbuchesbeibehalten werden und für Gesellschaften, die vorübergehend eine aufgehobene Rechtsform beibehaltenkönnen (z.B. landwirtschaftliche Gesellschaften oder wirtschaftliche Interessenvereinigungen), die Verweiseauf diese aufgehobenen Gesellschaftsformen in den Ausführungserlassen ebenfalls zeitweilig beibehaltenwerden.Für weitere Bemerkungen zu diesem Inkrafttreten wird auf die Begründung zu vorerwähntemGesetz vom 17. März 2019 verwiesen (Parlamentarische Arbeiten 54-3367-001).KAPITEL 1 - Abänderungenin Bezug auf die einkommensteuernabschnitt 1 - abänderungen des königlichen erlasses zur ausführungdes einkommensteuergesetzbuches 1992 (KE/ESTGB 92) Art. 1 bis 22 - Durch that Article 1 bis 22wird of the Ke/Estgb 92 An die Bestimmungen des Gesetzbuches der Gesellschaften und Verekigungen angerst.art.art 24 - Durch that Article 23 und 24 became anlage 3 Beziehungsweise Anlassesan Olassesbes Olassesbes Olassesbes Olassesbues Olassesbes Olassesbues der Gesellschaften und Vereinigungen angerpasst.abschnitt2 - Abänderungen are autonomous Verordnungsbestimmen in Bezug auf die einkommensteuernart.25 und 26 - Durch Article 25 Wird Article 1 nr. 5 Buchstabe c) des königlichen erlasses vom 17. July2013 über that Funtionsweise of in Article 322 § 3 des Einkommensteuergesetzetzetzentralen kontaktelle an who Bestimmungen of the königlichen vom's vomdes vom's vomdes vom's vomdases vomtasses vomtasses vomtasses vomtasses vomtasses vomtasses vomtasses vomtasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vomdasses vom. Absatz 5 erster Dankenstrich des Königlichen Erlasses vom 18. Dezijn 2015 Zur Ausführung von article2 § 1 nr. 13 Buchstabe b) Absatz 2 des Einkommensteuergesetzbuches 1992, abgeändert durch Artikel1 des Königlichen Erlasses vom 21. November 2018, an die Bestimmungen des Gesetzbuches der Gesellschaftenund Vereinigungen angepasst.KAPITEL 2 - Abänderung in Bezug auf die MehrwertsteuerArt.27 - Die Abänderung, die durch Artikel 27 des Vorliegenden Entwurfs am Königlichen Erlass Nr. 20 Vom20. July 1970 Zur Festlegung der Mehrwertsteuersätze und Zur Einteilung der Güter und Dienstleistungennach Diesen Sätzen (Nachstehend: Königlicher Erlass nr20) is an immediate consequence of the new law book of the companies and associations. In Table Arubrik XXXII § 1 No. 1 letter c) and No. 3 of the system for previous royal decree No.20 has so far been on "companies with social Objective "referred. This term disappearance of the new code of companies and associations. From then on there is recognition in the legal form of cooperative, in which a public authority checks whether a certain company deserves the name "social enterprise". such are recognized, are therefore "recognized as social enterprises" or abbreviated "gen." The following is mentioned. 5 of the Cooperative Cooperative Cooperative and Associations. Chapter 3 to 5 is adapted to chapter 3 to 5, chapter 3 to 5: 1. The execution decree of March 3, 1927 on the code of various fees and taxes, 2. The royal decree of January 11, 1940 on the execution of the registration, mortgage and office fees code, 3. The royal issue of December 7, 2016 Removal of the demonstration of private -specific rental contracts for registration formality, 4. The royal decree of February 17, 2019 for the execution of various laws and to adapt various kingdoms, among other things with regard to the harmonization of the payment modalities within Acceptance and collecting of tax claims and non -tax claims commissioned by the Federal Service Finance. Article 31 is revoked a determination that relates to a tax that is even by the law of April 25, 2014 (the extraordinary tax on payments for long -term savings ) .Kapitel6 - Transitional determination, entry into force and execution provision for Articles 38 and 39 Determined Transitional determination and the entry into force of the provisions of the present draft. Tachten No. 66.408/1/V of July 31, 2019 is taken into account. De croo29. August 2019 - Royal decree to adapt certain federal tax regulations anda's law book of the companies and associations and the royal decree of April 29, 2019 to be carried out of the Code of Code of Companies and Associations and for the determination of various philippe, king of the Belgians, all present and future , Our greeting! On the basis of the constitution, Article 108; on the basis of the Code of Code of Code of Code of Law on April 25, 2014 to adapt the names of the administrations of the Federal Service Finance in the tax regulations and to determine different other law changes, the article 86; on the basis of the law of March 17, 2019 to adapt certain federal tax law provisions to the new code of law of companies and associations, Article 119 § 2; on the basis of the law of March 23, 2019 for the introduction of the Tzbuch der Compartments and Associations and for the determination of various provisions, Article 32; based on the Code of Code of Various Fees and Taxes, Article 199 Paragraph 3; based on the KE/EStGB 92; due to the royal decree of July 17, 2013 via the Function IDENER in Article 322 § 3 Central contact point mentioned in 1992 in 1992; due to the royal decree of December 18, 2015 for the execution of Article 2 § 1 No. 13 Bookstabeb) Paragraph 2 of the Income Tax Code 1992; on the basis of the Royal Decree No. 20. July 1970 to determine the value added tax rates and to divide the goods and services according to these sentences; on the basis of the execution decree of March 3, 1927 to the law book of various fees and taxes; due to the royal decree of 11 January 1940 on the execution of the execution, mortgage and office fees code ; Due to the royal decree of December 7, 2016 to regulate the dematerialized submission of private rental contracts for registration formality; due to the royal decree of 17February 2019 to be carried out by various laws and to adapt various royal decrees, among other things, in view of the harmonization of the payment modalities within the administration of the federal public service finance commissioned with the income and non -tax claims; based July 31, 2019, submitted in the application of Article 84 Section 1 (1) No. 2 of the laws about the State Council on January 12, 1973, at the proposal of the Vice Prime Minister and Minister of the Finance Bands. Income tax section 1 - Modifications of the royal decree to execute the Income Tax Code 1992 (KE/ESTGB92) Article 1 - in Article 3 No. 1 of the KE/EStGB 92, modified by the law of July 162008, the word "Social Service" is canceled . 2 - In the heading of Chapter 1 Section 5 of the same decree, the words "agricultural societies" are mentioned by the words "companies that are approved as agricultural companies as in Article 8: 2 of the Lechtsbuchesder Societies and Associations and which is the legal form of an open trading company of a limited partnership have "replaced .art. 3 - Article 12 of the same decree, modified by the royal decree of July 13, 2001, is changed as follows: 1. The words "agricultural associations" are mentioned by the words "companies that are approved as agricultural companies in Article 8: 2 of the Code of Codages and Associations and which have the legal forms of an open trading company or a limited partnership". The word "social capital" is replaced by the word "capital". 4 - In Article 15 No. 2desselben, the word "social capital" is replaced by the word "capital". 2 of the Code of Code of Codage and Association for a Society of Liability or a Cooperative Society, the option system is exerted on the option system at the beginning of the taxation period, in which the approval ends or the new legal form is accepted. Social. "Art. 6 - In Article 35 § 1 No. 1 of the same decree, replaced by the royal decree of December 7, 2008, the word "seat," The words "seat or" are also canceled. 7 - In Article 53/1 § 1 no. 2 of the same decree, inserted by the royal decree of January 12, 2017, the words "your company seat," are canceled. 8 - In Article 636 § 1 no. 3 of the same decree, inserted by the royal decree of September 1, 1995, the word "corporate capital" is replaced by the word "capital". 9 - Article 734/2desselben enacted, inserted by the royal decree of December 19, 2014 and modified through the royal decree of January 27, 2017, is changed as follows: 1. Paragraph 1 is changed: a) In the introductory sentence, the word "social purpose" is replaced by the word "object". : 21 of the Code of Codage and Associations "replaced. 2. Paragraph 2 is changed as follows: a) In the introductory set, the word "social purpose" is replaced by the word "object". 21 of the Code of Code of Code. 10 - In Article 734 -Septies sales 2 of the same decree, inserted by the royal decree of September 17, 2005, the words "Article 92 § 2 of the Social Code" are replaced by the words "Article 3: 1 § 2ddeskluch der Companies and Associations". 11 - In Article 737desselben enacted, inserted by the royal decree of November 29, 2000 and changed through the royal decrees of July 30, 2010 and December 5, 2011, the words "via a company seat" are canceled. 12 - in Article 74 paragraph 2 No.1 Fourth stroke of the same will be issued "by the words" by the words "of an proper decision in accordance with the Coordinated Laws on the Commercial Society for the Commercial Society for the Deployment of the Company Capital" by an properly made decision of the company in accordance , in accordance with the determinant right that it is subject to "replaced .art. 13 - Article 87 of the same decree, at the very short time due to the royal decree of May 22, 2017, is changed as follows: 1. In No. 5 letter b) the words "your corporate or unification purpose, your statutory or your contractual purpose" are replaced by the words "of your subject". 2. In No. 7, words "members of civil law societies or associations without legal persons" by the words "members of societies or associations without legal personality" replaced. Finally modified by the royal decree of July 19, 2018, is changed as follows: 1. In § 1 paragraph 3 No. 3 letter g) 24 §§ 1 to 6 of the law book of the companies and associations "replaced. 2. In § 3 letter c) No. 5, the words "Article 15 §§ 1 to 6 of the Society Code" are replaced by the words "Article 1:24 §§1 to 6 of the Code of Commercials and Associations". 15 - In Article 101bis of the same decree, inserted by the royal decree of April 4, 2003, the word "company seat" is replaced by the words "statutory seat". 16 - Article 105 paragraph 1 of the same estate, most recently amended by the royal decree of March 3, 2011, is changed as follows: 1. In No. 1 letter c) The second focus is on the words "Article 11 or 12 of the Social Code" by the words "Article 1:20 or 1:21 of the Code of Codage and Associations" replaced. 2. In No. 1 letter h) the word "commercial companies" is replaced by the word "societies". 3. In No. 6, letter a) is made by the words ", whereby the references to" Société privée à responsabilité limitée "/" Beslot vennoTschapmet worried AANSSPROKELIJKHEID "in relation to the company. Reference to "Société à Responsabilité Limitée"/"Beslot VennoTschap", that is, to understand the "society with limited liability" ". 17 - Article 106 of the same decree, most recently changed by the royal decree of May 8, 2018, is changed as follows: 1. In § 2, the word "company seat," and the word "social purpose" is replaced by the word "object". 2. In § 5 paragraph 3, letter a) is made by the words ", whereby reference to companies according to Belgian law the references to" Société privée à responsabilité limitée "/" BeslotenVnootschap Met Perpated aanSprakelijkheid ", on" Société Coopérative à Responsabilité Limitée "/" CoöperaVennotschap Met Performance AanSprakelijkheid "and" Société Coopérative à Responsabilité Illimitée "/" Coöperatievevennootschap Met Onbeperken AanSprakelijkheid "and on" Société en Commandite Simple "/" Gewonen CommanditaTairevennoSchap ", that is, on the" private company with limited adhesion "," commemorative liability ". "And the" Cooperative with unlimited liability "and to the" simple limited partnership ", as a reference to" Société à Responsabilité Limitée "/" Besloten VennoTschap "," Société Coopérative "/" CoöperatieVennotschap "and" Société en Commandite "/" Commanditaire Vennoustschap ", that is, on" society with limited liability ", the" cooperative " The "limited partnership", added to the "limited partnership". 18 - Article 107 § 2 of the same decree, recently modified by royal decree of July 31, 2009, is changed as follows: 1. In No. 1 the words "private law Belgian societies, associations, organisms or institutions" are replaced by the words "domestic societies, private law Belgian associations, organism or institutions". In No. 6, the words "private law societies, associations, institutions or branches" are replaced by the words "domestic societies, private law associations, institutions or branches". 19 - In Article 1111bis § 2 of the same decree, inserted by the royal decree of January 20, 2005 and changed by the royal decree of May 22, 2017, the word "company seat," is canceled20 - in Article 117 § 2 letter b) of the same decree, recently amended by the royal decree of May 22, 2017, the word "social purpose" is replaced by the word "subject". Most recently changed by the royal decree of1. April 2007, the words "with a company seat" are replaced by the words "with a statute -based manner". 22 - Article 220 of the same decree is changed as follows: 1. In No. 1, the words ", your company seat" are canceled. In No. 2 the words ", your company seat" are canceled. 23 - In Appendix 3 Chapter 5 of the same decree, the heading of section 7 is replaced as follows: "Section 7 - profits and profits of non -regional shareholders or members of companies or associations without legal personality in the Sinnevon Article 29 of the Income Tax Code 1992 As in Article 22 of the same Code ( .Art. 24 - in Appendix 3th point III letter a/1) of the same decree, inserted through royal decree of July 19, 2018, the words "Article 15 §§ 1 to 6 of the Service Code" are given by the words "Article 1:24 §§ 1 to 6 of the law book of the companies and associations. 25 - in Article 1 No. 5 Letters) of the royal decree of July 17, 2013 on the functionality of the central contact point mentioned in Article 322 of the Income Tax Code 1992 The words "Article 95 §1 of the Royal Decree of January 30, 2001 are carried out of the Society Code "through the word" Article 3:89 of the Royal Decree of April 29, 2019 to execute the law book "Capitals 2 - Change in relation to VAT type. . 1 letter c) and No. 3 of the facility for the royal decree. 20 dated July 20, 1970 to determine VAT rates and to classify the goods and services according to these sentences, the words "Society with Social Oovement" are replaced by the words "in accordance with Article 8: 5 of the Code of Cooperative and Associations". (...) Chapter 6 - Transitional determination, entry into force and execution type. 38 - As long as the code of law of companies and, according to associations, Chapter 4 of the Law of March 23, 2019 for the introduction of the Code of Code of Corporations and Associations and to determine various provisions is not applicable to a society, association or foundation, every reference to a determination of the Code of the Law of the Societies and the Royal Decree of April 29, 2019 on the execution of the Code of Code of Administration and Associations, which occurs in one of the decrees for the execution of the Income Tax Code1992, the VAT Code, the Code of Code of Various Fees and Tax, the inheritance Tax Code, the Registration Mortgary and law firm fee code and the special legal provisions that are applicable to these taxes as far as this society, association or foundation concerns, referring to the determination of the Social Code, its detail NGSlasses or other special legal regulations that occurred in these tax law provisions before the present decree came into force. 39 - Article 1, 3 No. 2, 4, 6 to 26, 28 No. 2, 29, 30, 32 No. 1und 2, 33, 34 No. 2 and 36 will be effective on May 1, 2019. 2, 3 No. 1, 5 and 27 and effective on May 1, 2019 and will be applicable to the companies mentioned therein from the day on which the provisions of the Code of Code of Companies and Associations that relate to them are applicable. Art. 40 - The minister responsible for finance is commissioned to carry out the present decree. De crooPublication: 2021-02-09NUMAC: 2021020317WAALS REGISTER SERVICE 4 February 2021.-Decree of the Walloon Government to implement Article 47/17bis of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health with regard to the Protocol for the implementation of phase 1.a.2 of the COVID 19 vaccination program for adults with regard to the collective care and auxiliary institutions, in view of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health, in particular for article 47/17bis inserted by the decision of the Walloon Government of Special Powers No. 68 of 16 Decvember 2020 to insert an Article 47/17bis into the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health with regard to the vaccination of adults against COVID-19; Having regard to the proposal for a protocol to implement phase 1.a.2. of the COVID 19 vaccination program for adults Watpeelt the collective care institutions, of the Walloon COVID-19 and the Walloon Agency of Health, Social Protection, Handicap and Families, received on January 19, 2021; Having regard to the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on January 19, 2021; Having regard to the approval of the Minister of Budget, given on January 19, 2021; Having regard to the gender report of 19 January 2021 in accordance with article 4, 2 °, of the decree of 3 March 2016 implementing the resolutions of the women's conference man de United Nations that took place in Beijing in September 1995 and to integrate the gender dimension all of the all of the regional policies for the matters regularly pursuant to Article 138 of the Constitution; in view of the advice of the inter-franse consultation body of 25 January 2021 and the consultation in the Intra-Fran-speaking Ministerial Committee for Consultation of 25 January 2021;718/4 of the Council of State, given on January 27, 2021, in accordance with Article84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973; in view of the urgent necessity inspired by the context of the health crisis and the vital importance for public health and to prevent the revival of the pandemic in connection with COVID-19, that the necessary measures on vaccination can be taken; in view of the consultation meetings intersections, the governments of the sub-areas and the competent federal authorities, in the National Security Council that has been gathering since the beginning of March 2020; in view of Article 191 of the EU Treaty in which the precautionary principle is stuck in the context of the management of an international sanitary crisis and the active preparation on the potential incidents of these crises; That this principle means that if a serious risk can in all probability, the public authorities must take urgent and provisional measures; in view of the explanation of WHO in connection with the characteristics of the Coronavirus COVID-13, in particular the strong infectiousness and the risk of mortality; predominantly who labeled the Coronavirus Covid-19 on 11 March 2020 as a pandemic; predominantly who on March 16, 2020, his threat level for the Coronavirus Covid-19, who destabilizes the world's world quickly, into the highest, into the highest, into the highest, into the highest, into the highest, into the highest, into the highest. has raised grade; in view of the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 on European territory and in Belgium; in view of the urgent necessities, the health risk that the Coronavirus Covid-19 entails for the Belgian population; and to limit it is necessary immediately the measures taken into consideration which appear indispensable in terms of public health; mostly the danger spreads throughout the territory of the entire country; that in the public interest that it is given coherence to the measures taken to maintain public order, so that its effectiveness is highest possible; require; predominantly COVID-19 is still circulating on European and Belgian territory; health risicovan exceptional and unprecedented nature; At the beginning of 2021 started with the Personee and the residents in the retirement homes are the vaccination of the public to which the current phase relates, will start in January 2021; mostly the urgent necessity is justified ". Happet to the law of December 22, 2020 holding -diverse measures with regard to rapid antigen tests and the registration and processing of data relevant vaccinations in the context of the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie, in particular on Article11; Having regard to the Royal Decree of 24 December 2020 on registration and processing of data with regard to vaccinations against COVID-19; on the decision of the Walloon government of 4 January 2021 to implement Article 47/17bis of the Walloon Code of Social Actions Health with regard to the Protocol for the implementation of phase 1.a.1 of the COVID 19 vaccination program Adult in terms of the adult retirement homes and the rust and care homes on the decision of the interministerial confe rental of 3 December 2020; Whereas the vaccination phased is, taking into account the available doses; whereas there were therefore priority -stable, in consultation with each sub -area and the federal government; predominantly the second vaccination in phase 1.a2 is aimed at residents and staff of collective care and auxiliary institutions, including volunteers; whereas this is priority related to the vulnerability of this category of residents, who probably develop more serious or fatal forms of the COVID-19 Infectiezles; that in contact with these residents is also vaccinated in the first place as the staff is a source of infection for the residents and that the logic of the vaccinations exists in it, in the same phase to fully protect the collective care and auxiliary institutions' as well as must be vaccinated; this protocol also contains contextual elements, in the interest of the readability and predictability of the regulatory standard, the nomination of the Minister of Health; after deliberation, decision: Article 1. This Decree regulates, in accordance with Article 138 of the Constitution, a matter intended in Article 128, § 1, of it.Art. 2. The government assumes the protocol for phase 1.a.2, with regard to the collective care and auxiliary institutions of the COVID 19-vaccination program Adults referred to in Article 47/17bis of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health, stated Appendix to this decision.Art. 3. This decision has elaboration on January 15, 2021.Art.4. The Minister of Health is charged with the implementation of this decision. Names, 4 February2021. For the government: the Prime Minister, e. Di Rupode Minister's Employment, Training, Health, Social Action, Equal Opportunities and Women's Rights, CH.Morrealbijlagebijlage in the decision of the Walloon Government Totation of Article 47/17bis of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health with regard to the Protocol for the Implementation of Implementation phase 1.a.2 of the COVID 19 vaccination program for Adult what is the collective care and auxiliary institutions "Protocol for the implementation of phase 1.a.2. of the vaccination program for adults against COVID-19, regarding the collective care- and auxiliary institutions. The head principles of the Belgian vaccination strategy against COVID-19 are the following: The inter-ministerial conference Public Health of 11 November 2020 has established the main principles, underlying Belgian vaccination strategy:-vaccinal coverage with a purpose of prioritary; Groups based on scientific advice;- free vaccination summit voluntary B ASIS for every citizen- co-financing of the joint vaccination program of the federal government and the sub-areas.- These decisions are linked to following conditions and data:- massive vaccination campaigns where the vaccines are supplied to grant dose apflacons, to administer the same day- Belgium one or more targeting and make safe vaccines against COVID-19 available.-The capacity of the Belgian Health System for the gradual and effective distribution and vaccination of the population, whereby the authorities for public health are supported by the Interfederal Task Force "Vaccin COVID-19", founded on 16 November2020 Through the interministerial Public Health Conference, the joint health structures of the country including Sciensano and the Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products (FAGG). The Vaccinet+ registration software is used by all sub-areas for this.- Dewed to overcome the restraint towards the vaccine in such a way that the population endorses this strategy on public health. 18 years). Children and pregnant or breastfeeding women are not yet served at this stage, there is a special provision facilities for women of fertile age. There will, where appropriate, a vaccination card will be awarded to every person who has received the vaccination against COVID-19. ACCINIATION phases Prioritarian Target Groups: The Interministerial Conference Public Health has decided on December 3, 2020, based on the Task Force recommendation "Advies For the operationalization of vaccination strategy against COVID-19 for Belgium "to approve the advice of the High Health Council scientists. That document provides for a phased access of Deprioritarian Target Groups to the COVID -19Vaccin. The COVID -19 vaccination is dated in function of these priorities. The second priority group, identified by the Interministerial Public Health Conference in Phase 1.a.2, the residents and staff of the collective care and auxiliary institutions, with the exception of the retirement homes, the residential and care centers, metin concept of the short stays, the service flats and the day care and reception centers, including the volunteers, the interns or the students Whether the staff made available by third parties, as well as the persons who carry out their activities there, fall under the following sectors:- disabled policy;- Healthcare policy;- policy in social action. The protocol developed in that document intends only phase 1. A.2. What is the collective care and auxiliary institutions. When drawing up this procedure, the data in is related to the distribution and vaccination only available for the Pfizer vaccine (vaccine of Hettype mrna). It only concerns the residents in these housing structures of the French language area, as well as the professional practitioners and volunteers who are regularly active there. Procedure and data current for phase 1.a.2 (regarding the collective care and auxiliary institutions) the vaccinations counter-covid-19 French language area are administered, registered by the person who has administered the vaccine, or by his authorized representative. The doctor (who remains ultimately responsible) or the nurse who is responsible for a vaccine against COVID-19 or with supervision, must be legally legal for themselves framework to be registered in the Vaccinet+. All COVID-19 vaccines for the set target group are made available to the vaccinators by the governments. They must be ordered in the ordering and registration system determined in SOP (Standard Operating Procedures), prepared by the Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products, according to the rules Die D e Governments have stated in advance. Phasing of the actions for phase 1.a.2 (regarding the collective care and auxiliary institutions) a. Joint organization of the distribution of the Pfizer vaccine by the interfederal task force and the Walloon Neighborhood Hubs, equally spread over the territory of the French language area in general hospitals that have a cooling capacity -on -80 ° C, are based on their storage capacity and with their approval Indicated. Collective care and auxiliary institution is linked to one of these hubs, based on territorial ability. The total number of residents and staff members of the joint institutions determine the number of vaccines that must be ordered from the central hub. In the follow -up to phase 1.a.2.kan the number of hospital hubs are extended to the other hospitals of the French language area, according to the same Rules regarding availability of the cooling capacity.b. Operationalization of the distribution of the MRNA vaccine of Pfizerde order, the storage and distribution of the vaccine meet the "Standard Operating Procedures" (SOP), laid down by the Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products.c. Organization of the vaccination in the collection and auxiliary institutions of the end user who performs or coordinates the vaccination over the SOPs: the vaccine bottle is exposed to room temperature for 30 minutes and puts each vaccine bottle (solution with 1.8 ml of physiological water) within 2 hours again With the resolved liquid that makes 6 vaccinations of 0.3 ml possible. The resolved vaccine remains together for 6 hours temperature of 2 to 30 ° C. The person to vaccinate carries a surgical mask, disinfected his hands and lives on the barrier actions. in collaboration with the treating doctors, with the support of the Regional Governments, the residents, their family or legal representative in advance, have inquired the oral consent of the resident or, provisions, in accordance with the SOPs. The doctors in the occupational medicine, with the support of the regional authorities, the we rkers from regardless of which category, the oral approval of the employee, in accordance with the SOPs. The number of permanent residents and employees who want to be vaccinated in advance is transferred to the hospital hub, with due observance of the periods determined in the SOPs.Drijst with furniture, computer equipment and medical material is charged by the doctors in the institution with the vaccination, before the start of the vaccination (see Appendix A). The administrative management and medical anamnesis with regard to, mainly, the potential Contra-indications The allergy risks precede the intramuscular injection. This is followed by a 15 to 30 -minute supervision in a room where social distancing measures must be possible, with supervision the allergy risksIntroducing the vaccination data in Vaccinnet+ Agreement Existing Legal Framework is followed by recording the agreement for the injection of Detweede Vaccindosis (on day 21 for the Pfizer vaccine). Places where the vaccination is carried out preventing the joint residents and staff from From the collective care and auxiliary institutions must be moved, the vaccination is performed in these institutions itself, located in the French-language area. Communication and Evaluation type: a general communication about COVID-19, the vaccination and the vaccination process is addressed in advance to the management of this Institutions, to the residents and to the staff, as well as to the doctors or doctors' organizations that are with the vaccination tax. This communication consists in particular:- sending the weekly newsletter of Vaccinet+;- sending the training equipment of vaccinnet+;- the creation of visual information carriers and/or dialogue support means for the patient/caregiver; -the website for Aviq, including a list of FAQ available for professional users; organizing webinars and the management of the questions that are discussed there. In terms of the vaccination, the data concerning the number of residents and staff or others who need to be vaccinated will be, those who first have received a dose, and then the second dose, in the AviQ's plasma data bank after the vaccination by the institutions depending on whether it concerns residents, staff or other persons. The effects of the vaccination on the prevalence of COVID-19 in These settings are also registered there. e nurse registered in Vaccinnet+ or the web portal of the Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products. Appendix A: List of equipment and the medicines required in SOP Vaccination:- Basic equipment:- Watchwatch hall with the possibility of social distancing and posting contraintications- hydrohalcoholic line Vaccination room: ° forehead thermometer ° blood pressure meter ° stethoscope refrigerator to store medicines, at a temperature between 2 and 8 degrees, with an occupied temperature registration or a thermometer that makes 2 temperature admissions per day, fridge or local garbage bags and- Baking for B1 waste-waste-dirt trays for B2 waste, empty vaccine bottles, spraying and needles- vaccination balance is large enough for 2 people, and illuminated- at least 2 tables and 4 chairs (sufficient distance storage)- running water for hand-washed protection of private life care SWENGER with hydroalcoholic solutions, wipes and disinfectant for surfacesb. Informatics equipment:- at least 1 PC, 1 ID card reader, 1 barcode scanner and QR code scanner, 1 printer- If possible Wi-Fi connection, WiFi code available- access to the vaccination software "Vaccinet+" C. - Gloves-Optional: keel, glasses, or facial screen. Equipment for the preparation and administration of the vaccine spray of 3 ml, with a gradation of 0.1 ml, and 18G spray needle, ampoules NaCl0.9% for vaccino solution spray 1 ml, gradation with 0.1 ml and injection needle with 23 or 25 gauge compresses,- alcohol disinfecting wipes for bottle, individually packaged banned. Equipment for patients:- anaphylactic and allergy kit with at least 2 ampoules adrenaline1 mg/1 ml, 2 1 ml spray with 1 ml gradation, 2 needles 18 g, 2 Needles 21 g, 2 Needles 23 g, Solum roller Ampullen- antihistamin tablets- sugary beverages. the Protocol for the implementation of phase 1.a.1 of the COVID 19 vaccination program for adults in terms of retirement homes and the rest and care homes, 4 February 2021. For the government: the Prime Minister, etc. Rupode Minister of TEW Erkstelling, Training, Health, Social Action, Equal Opportunities and Women's Rights, Ch. CorreationPublication: 2021-02-09Numac: 2021020318waalse Government Service 4 February 2021.-Decree of the Walloon Government to implement Article 47/17bis of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health with regard to the Protocol for the implementation of Phase 1.a.3 From the COVID-19-OFFIMATION PROGRICATION for adult with regard to the Hospital Institutions Government, in view of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health, in particular Oparticel 47/17BIS inserted by the decision of the Walloon Government of Special Powers No 68 of 16 December 2020 to add of an Article 47/17bis in the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health with regard to the vaccination of adults against COVID-19; Having regard to the proposal for a Protocol to implement phase 1.a.3. of the COVID 19 vaccination program for adults, the hospital institutions, of the Walloon cell COVID-19 and the Walloon Agency of Health, Social Protection and Families, received on January 19, 2021; Having regard to the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on January 19, 2021; Having regard to the approval of the Minister of Budget, given on January 19, 2021; Having regard to the gender report of 19 January 2021 in accordance with article 4, 2 °, of the decree of 3 March 2016 execution of the resolutions of the women's conference man de United Nations that took place in Beijing in September 1995 and to integrate the gender dimension all of the all of the regional policy lines for the matters regularly pursuant to Article 138 of the Constitution; in view of the advice of the inter-franse consultation body of 25 January 2021 and the consultation in the Intra -Stran -speaking Ministerial Committee for Consultation of 25 January 2021; Given the advice No 68,719/4 of the Council of State, given on January 2, 2021, in accordance with Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973; in view of the urgent necessity inspired by the context of the health crisis and the vital importance for public health and to prevent the revival of the pandemic in connection with COVID-19, that necessary vaccination measures can be taken; in view of the consultation meetings between the governments of the sub-areas and the competent federal authorities, in the National Security Council die has been gathering since the beginning of March 2020; in view of Article 191 of the EU Treaty in which the precautionary principle is stuck in the context of the management of an international sanitary crisis and the active preparation on the potential incidents of these crises; That this principle means that if a serious risk can in all probability, the public authorities must take urgent and provisional measures; in view of the explanation of WHO in connection with the characteristics of the Coronavirus COVID-13, in particular the strong infectiousness and the risk of mortality; predominantly who labeled the Coronavirus Covid-19 on 11 March 2020 as a pandemic; predominantly who on March 16, 2020, his threat level for the Coronavirus Covid-19, who destabilizes the world's world quickly, into the highest, into the highest, into the highest, into the highest, into the highest, into the highest, into the highest. has raised grade; in view of the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 on European territory and in Belgium; in view of the urgent necessities, the health risk that the Coronavirus Covid-19 entails for the Belgian population; and to limit it is necessary immediately the measures taken into consideration which appear indispensable in terms of public health; mostly the danger spreads throughout the territory of the entire country; that in the public interest that it is given coherence to the measures taken to maintain public order, so that its effectiveness is highest possible; require; predominantly COVID-19 is still circulating on European and Belgian territory; health risicovan exceptional and unprecedented nature; At the beginning of 2021 started with the Personee l and the residents in the retirement date the vaccination of the public to which the current phase relates, will start in January 2021; mostly the urgent necessity is justified "In view of the Law of 22 December 2020 on displaying measures with regard to rapid antigen tests and the registration and processing of data relevant vaccinations in the context of the fight against the COVID-19-Pandemie, in particular on Article1 in view of the Royal Decree of 24 December 2020 concerning the registration and processing of data with regard to vaccinations against COVID-19; Having regard to the decision of the Waalsselling of 4 January 2021 implementing Article 47/17bis of the Walloon Code of Social Actions Health with regard to the Protocol for the implementation of phase 1.a.1 of the COVID 19 vaccination program Adult in terms of retirement homes and the rest and care homes; in view of the decision of the Interministerial Conference of 3 December 2020; Having regard to the decision of the inter-ministerial relief of 13 January 2021, with in particular with regard to the aspects that are aimed at compliance with the Guideline instructions of the V. Accination strategy, so that the first risk group, i.e. Professional practice is in direct contact with COVID-19 patients, can be vaccinated with priority. This is explained that this mainly concerns doctors and nursing staff in intensive care, emergency care and services for COVID patients (eg geriatrics and lung diseases). Trainees in training for a health care profession in these specific services are graduates on the same basis. The vaccination of the other hospital staff will immediately follow in the same phase 1a3 of the vaccination plan. The concept of staff is conceived in a broad sense, regardless of the nature of the contractual relationship with the hospital institution; whereas the vaccination phased is, taking into account the available doses; ; Mostly the vaccination in phase 1.a.3. is aimed at the staff of hospital institutions, including volunteers; whereas this is priority related to exposure and key role of this staff and with the fact that they are potential vectors of virus transfer for the patient that they take care of it; is in the first place with this hospital patient -ever, as the staff is a source of infection for the residents that the logic of the vaccinations exists in it, in the same phase protect the hospital institutions as a full -length; First, the hospital staff is that the most important is for COVID-19, namely all the staff of the emergency services, intensive care, the medical recording the geriatric hospitals, all other staff exposed to COVID-19 and, as a second depriority, hospital staff Which Not directly in contact with COVID-19LEGENDATAT This protocol also contains contextual elements, in the interest of readability and predictability of the regulatory standards the nomination of the Minister of Health; after deliberation, decision: Article 1. This Decree regulates, in accordance with Article 138 of the Constitution, a matter intended in Article 128, § 1, of it. 2. The government assumes the protocol for phase 1.a.3, with regard to the hospital institutions of the COVID 19-vaccination program adults referred to in Article 47/17bis of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health, stated in Annex to this Decree .Art. 3. This decision has elaboration on January 15, 2021.Art.4. The Minister of Health is charged with the implementation of this decision. Names, 4 February2021. For the government: the Prime Minister, e. Di Rupode Minister's Employment, Training, Health, Social Action, Equal Opportunities and Women's Rights, CH.Morrealbijlagebijlage in the decision of the Walloon Government Totation of Article 47/17bis of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health with regard to the Protocol for the Implementation of Implementation phase 1.a.3 of the COVID 19 vaccination program for Adult what is the hospital institutions "Protocol for the implementation of phase 1.a.3. Of the vaccination program adults against COVID-19, with regard to the hospital institutions. The main principles of the Belgian vaccination strategy against COVID-19 are the following: The inter-ministerial conference length health of 11 November 2020 has established the main principles, underlying to the Belgian vaccination strategy:- vaccinal coverage with a purpose of 70% of the population- determining prioritarian groups based on scientific advice;- free vaccination on a voluntary basis for every citizen; nanciering of the joint vaccination program by the federal government and the sub -areas- These decisions are linked to the following conditions of enge data:- Massive vaccination campaigns where the vaccines are supplied in multi-dose flacons, to be attributed the same day; For the Division and Affecting Distribution and Vaccination of the population, in which the Authorities of Prevention Health are supported by the Interfederal Task Force "Vaccin COVID-19", founded on 16 November2020 by the Interministerial Conference Public Health, the joint health structures of the country under which Sciensano and the Federal and the Federal and the Federal and the Federal for medicines and health products (FAGG). The Vaccinet+ registration software is used by all sub-areas for this.- Dewed to overcome the restraint towards the vaccine in such a way that the population endorses this strategy on public health. 18 years). Children and pregnant or breastfeeding women are not yet served at this stage, there is a special provision facilities for women of fertile age. There will, where appropriate, a vaccination card will be awarded to every person who has received the vaccination against COVID-19. ACCINIATION phases Prioritarian Target Groups: The Interministerial Conference Public Health has decided on December 3, 2020, based on the Task Force recommendation "Advies For the operationalization of vaccination strategy against COVID-19 for Belgium "to approve the advice of the High Health Council scientists. That document provides for a phased access of Deprioritarian Target Groups to the COVID-19Vaccin. The COVID-19 vaccination is therefore phased-in function of these priorities. The third priority group, identified by the Interministerial Conference Public Health in phase 1.a.3 intends the staff of the hospital institutions. The Docol Docol Docol is only aimed at phase 1.a.3. Regarding the collective care and auxiliary institutions. When drawing up this procedure, the data in connection with the distributions is only available for the vaccination for the Pfizer vaccine (vaccine of the mrna type). It concerns single personnel of the hospital institutions of the French language area, as well as volunteers and trainees, regularly perform their activities there. Contrary to the decision of the Interministerial Conservation Public Health of January 13 Among the hospital staff, the doctors and the care staff of the intensive care are primarily vaccinated. , the emergency services and the services for COVID patients (for example, geriatrics and lung diseases). The trainees in training for the exercise of a health care profession in these specific services are treated on the same rate as the graduates. The vaccination of the other hospital staff immediately follows Infase 1.a.3 of the vaccination plan. The concept of "staff" should be understood in a broad sense, separate from the type of contractual relationship with the hospital institution. The distribution of DeVaccins Pfizer and Moderna between the hospital institutions was further determined in the Interministerial Conference Public Health that took the decision on January 14, 2021 The 40 Belgian Hospital Hubsde vaccination will perform with the Pfizer-Biontech Vaccin, while the other hospitals for Acutic Lasts or the vaccine Moderna will receive or the vaccine Pfizer.procédure and data current phase 1.a.3. (for the hospital institutions) The vaccinations against COVID-19 that are administered in the French area are registered by the person who has administered the vaccine, or by his authorized person. Whether or not the supervision is taxed must register in accordance with the existing framework in the Vaccinet+. All COVID-19 vaccines for the set-up goal group are made available to the vaccinators by the authorities. They must be ordered in the ordering and registration system determined in the SOP (Standard Operating Procedures), drawn up by the Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products, according to the rules that the governments have brought out for the Provisional. Phasing of the actions in phase 1.a.3 (what what concerns the hospital institutions) .aJoint organization of the distribution of the Pfizer vaccine by the interfederal task force and Hetwaal's Neighborhood Hubs, equally spread over the territory of the French language area in general hospitals that have a cooling capacity at -80 ° C, are based on their storage capacities with their consent designated. OF NAK-HUB and NOT-modern Hospital Institution is connected to these hubs, based on territorial proximity. The total number of vaccines, can be ordered from the Central Hub, is determined by the sum of the Hub-Hubsinuizen staff of The staff of the non-hub and non-moderna hospitals.b. Joint organization of the distribution of the Moderna vaccine by the interfederal task force and the Walloon regional modern hospital institutions that have a cooling capacity at -20 ° C are designated on their storage capacity and their consent. HUB is determined by the sum of the staff of this institution.c. Operationalization of the distribution of the MRNA vaccine making, the storage and distribution of the vaccine meet the "Standard Operating Procedures" (SOP), laid down by the Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products.d. Preparation of the Pfizer-vaccinating physician that performs or coordinates the vaccination the SOPs: the vaccine bottle is removed from the refrigerator (2 to 8 ° C), is exposed to room temperature for 30 minutes and each vaccine bottle (solution with 1.8 ml of physiological water) is re -compiled within 2 hours , with the dissolved fluid agent that makes 6 vaccinations of 0.3 ml possibly possible. The solved vaccin remains for 6 hours at a temperature of 2 to 30 ° C. The vaccine bottle is removed from the refrigerator (2 to 8 ° C), is exposed to room temperature for 15 minutes and inside And the vaccination is started for 12 hours. No solution is required, each 5 ml bottle makes 10 vaccinations of 0.5 ml possible. On the other hand, the tinkering must be used the contents of the bottle within six hours. As soon as the vaccine is the syringe, it must be used immediately. The thawed modern vaccine is brittle, the maggot is not shaken. Organization of the vaccination in the Hospital Institations in the Person carries a surgical mask, disinfects his hands and lives the barrier actions after. The chief doctor of the hospital has informed the staff with a self -employed status, the volunteers in advance the trainees and the oral approval of that staff in accordance with the person in accordance with the personnel Sopsingewonen. The occupational physician has the wage -earning employees regardless of which category and the oral approval of the employee, in accordance with the SOPs. The number of or not permanent employees who want to be vaccinated in advance to pharmacist of the hospital hub where the institution is linked or transferred to the hospital pharmacist of the hospital institution, with due observance of the periods determined in the SOPs. The list of furniture, IT materials for medical material is taxed by doctors in the institution with the vaccination, forecast of the vaccination transferred (see Appendix A). The administrative management and the medical namnesis with regard to, mainly, the potential contraindications and the allergy risks are based on the intramuscular injection. This is followed by a 15 to 30 -minute supervision by similar or in a room where social distancing measures must be possible, with supervision of the allergy risks. Ininning the vaccination data in Vaccinnet+ in accordance with the existing legal framework is followed by recording the agreement for the injection of the second vaccindosis (on day 21 for the Pfizer vaccine, on day 28 for the Moderna vaccine). Places where the vaccination is carried out from the joint staff of the hospital institutions to move, vaccination is performed in these institutions themselves, located in the French language area. Communication Type Evaluation: a general communication about COVID-19, the vaccination and vaccination process is addressed in advance to the managements of these institutions, to the residents and to the staff, as well as to the doctors or doctors' organizations with the vaccination taxedThis communication consists of:- sending the weekly newsletter of Vaccinet+;- sending the training equipment of Vaccinnet+;- the creation of visual information carriers and/ordialogue support means for the patient/caregiver;- the website for Aviq, including one List FAQ available for professional users;- organizing webinars and the management of the questions addressed there. In terms of the follow-up of deVaccination, the data concerning the number of employees or other people who have to be vaccinated are, those who have received first dose, and then the second dose, introduced in the Plasmagendensbank van Aviq after the vaccination by the institutions depending on whether it concerns residents, staff or other persons. The effects of the vaccination on the prevalence of Vancovid-13 are in these institutions there also registered. The side effects become the doctor or the nursing e registered in Vaccinnet+ or the web portal of the Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products. Appendix A: List of equipment and the medicine requirement in SOP Vaccination: a. Basic equipment:- Waiting room with possibility totsocial distancing and pasting of contraindications- hydroalcoholic gel-vaccination room: ° forehead thermometer ° blood pressure meter ° stethoscope refrigerator for storage storage, at a temperature between 2 and 8 degrees, with a geijktie temperatureings makes it possible per day, refrigerator or local garbage bags-bins for B1 waste waste bins for B2 waste, empty vaccinations, spraying and needles-vaccination room that is large enough for 2 people, and ventilates 2 tables and 2 tables and 2 tables and 2 tables and 4 Seats (sufficient distance storage)- Walking water for the possibility of hand to ensure the protection of the private life care cart Methydoalcoholic solutions, wipes and disinfectant for surface bubbles. Information equipment:-at least 1 PC, 1 ID card reader, 1 barcode scanner and QR code scanner, 1 printer-ends possible WiFi connection, WiFi code available-access to the vaccination software "Vaccinet+" C. Masking gloves-optional: keel, glasses, or facial screen. Equipment for the preparation and administration of the vaccine spray of 3 ml, with a gradation of 0.1 ml, and 18G spray needle, ampoules NaCl0.9% for vaccino solution spray 1 ml, gradation with 0.1 ml and injection needle with 23 or 25 gauge compresses,- alcohol disinfecting wipes for bottle, individually packaged banned. Equipment for patients:- anaphylactic and allergy kit with at least 2 ampoules adrenaline1 mg/1 ml, 2 1 ml spray with 1 ml gradation, 2 needles 18 g, 2 Needles 21 g, 2 Needles 23 g, Solume roll Ampullen- Antihistamin tablets- Sugar-containing beverages. ". Appendix The decision of the Walloon Government to implement Article 47/17bis of the Walloon Code of VANSOCIAL ACTION and Health with regard to the protocol for the Implementation of phase 1.a.3 of HetCOVID 19 vaccination program for adults regarding the hospital institutions names, 4 February2021. For the government: the Prime Minister, e. Di Rupode Ministerservan Employment, Health, Social A Ctie, Equal Opportunities and Women's Rights, CH.MorrealePublication: 2021-02-11Numac: 2021020334Federal Public Health Public Service, Safety of the Food Chain and Leefmilieu27 January 2021.-Protocol Agreement between the Federal State, the Flemish Community, the French Community, the German-speaking Community Commission, the Walloon Region and the French Community committee on the processing of data with regard to vaccinations against COVID-19Vijndede Regulation (EC) No 2016/679 of the European Parliament and the Council of 27 April 2016 Protection of natural persons in connection with the processing of personal data and relevant free movement of that data and withdrawal of Directive 95/46/EC (General Regulation Data Protection); Having regard to the special law of 8 August 1980 for the reform of the institutions, articles 5, § 1, I and 6bis, § 1, § 2, 1 ° and 2 ° and 92bis; predominantly law of 31 December 1983 for the reform of the institutions for the du it -speaking community, Article4, § 2; Considering the law of 20 July 2006 on the establishment and operation of the Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products, Article 4, § 1, third paragraph, 3 ° and 4 °; Municipal Executive of the Common Community Commission Man 23 April 2009 on Prophylaxis against transferable diseases; Considering the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health, Article 47/17bis; Considering the Decree of 17 July2002 of the French Community containing the Office de la Naissance et de L 'Enfance, Exporto.n.e, Article 2, § 28 °; Considering the Decree of 18 February 2016 of the Fransgemenschap Commission on the Health Promotion; Considering the fact that the Communities Regions are generally competent for health policy; ; Implementation of the Decree of 21 -November 2003 on the preventive health policy and to amend the implementing decree on this decree; predominantly the Ministerial Decree of 29 January 2015 to determine, of the vaccination schedule for Flanders, Article 9; Considering the ordinance of 19 July 2007 relevant the preventive health policy; whereas this protocol agreement came up with respect for the division of powers that were granted to the various power levels under the special law for reform of the institutions thanks to an intense cooperation within the inter -ministerial conference that fits in with a long tradition of cooperation Inside the Interministerial Conference Public Health between the various levels of competence of Onland; Whereas it is of vital importance for public health and for avoiding a re-flashing of the COVID-19 Pandemie, that the necessary measures on vaccinations can be taken; framework of the COVID-19 vaccination, a registration of the vaccination data in a common database, by both Flemish, Brussels, Walloon and German-speaking accordators, is absolutely necessary for various purposes; the federal state, represented by the federal government, in the person of Alexander De Croo, Prime Minister, and Frank Vandenbroucke, vice-first minister and Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health; the Flemish Community, represented by the Flemish Government, in the person of Jan Jambon, Minister -President of the Flemish Government and Flemish Minister for Foreign Affairs, Culture, IT and Facility Management, and Wouterbeke, Flemish Minister for Welfare, Public Health, Family and Poverty Reduction; The French Community, represented by his government, in the person of Pierre-Yves Joleet , Prime Minister and Bénédictelinard, Vice-President and Minister of Child, Health, Culture, Media and Women's Rights and Valériellatigny, Higher Education Minister, Education for Social Promotion, Scientific Research, University Hospitals, Youth Care, Justice Homes, Youth, Sport and the Promotion of Brussels; Hetwaalse Region, represented by his government, in the person of Eli o Di Rupo, Prime Minister of the Walloon Government and Christie Morreale, Vice-Minister President of the Walloon Government and Ministerservan Work, Training, Health, Social Action, Equal Opportunities and Women's Rights; The German-speaking Community, represented by his government in the person of the person of the person Oliver Paasch, Prime Minister of local authorities and finance and Antonios Antoniadis, Vice-Minister President and Minister of Health and Social Affairs, Spatial Planning and Housing; The Common Committee Committee, represented by the United College in the person of Rudi Vervoort, Chairman of the United College and Alain Maron and Elke van den Brandt, members in charge of health and well-being; Defranse Community Commission, represented by his college in the person of Barbara Tracht, Prime Minister tax with the promotion of health and Alain Maron Minister in charge of social welfare en health ; Hereinafter jointly the part called ijen; have been agreed what follows: article1For the purposes of this protocol agreement is understood by: 1 ° vaccination against COVID-19: the administration of a vaccine against COVID-19; 2 ° database with vaccination codes: the database with vaccination codes, jointly managed by the federated entities responsible for the organization of the vaccination and sciensano; 3 ° Vaccinnet: the registration system in Article 9 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 16 May 2014 containing various provisions of the Decree of 21 November 2003 on the preventive health policy and to change implementation decisions of this decree; 4 ° National Register: the National Register of the Natural Persons referred to in the Law of 8 August 1983 Regulation of a National Register of Natural Persons; 5 ° Kruispuntbank Registers: The Kruispuntbank Registers referred to in Article4 of the Law of 15 January 1990 establishing and organization of a crossroads bank of the Social Security 6 ° Insurance GS institutions: the insurance institutions referred to in Article 2, i) of the Mandatory Insurance Insurance for Medical Care and Benefits, Coordinated DOP 14 July 1994; 7 ° Care Provider: a health care practitioner as referred to in the Coordinated Act of 10 May 2015 on the exercise of the health care professions and the law of 29 April1999 on non-conventional practices regarding medicine, doctors' preparation, physiotherapy, nursing and paramedical professions; 8 ° General Data Protection Regulation: the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and The Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons in connection with the processing of personal data and concerning the free movement of that data and to the withdrawal of Directive 95/46/EG.Art. 2. § 1. A random vaccination code is granted to every Personalie on the Belgian territory. When a single person is selected for an invitation to vaccination in accordance with the vaccination strategy, determined by the competent authorities, and the person concerned for the vaccination an appointment wishes to tempt whether an appointment is presented to him, the vaccination code is destroyed for this purpose. The selection of a person corresponding The vaccination strategy, referred to in the first paragraph, is:- Based on information from the National Register or the intersection bank register, it takes place on the basis of age criteria;- by the insurance institutions and/or the treating physician of the person concerned if it takes place on the basis of the health condition of Debetokke;- Based on information available at the federal state and/or the federated entities and/or the employer if it takes place on the basis of the profession or the employment location of the person concerned. § 2. The vaccinations against COVID-19 that are administered on the territory of Belgium are by the person who has administered the vaccine or under whose supervision the vaccination, registered in vaccinnet. A authorized representative, who under his responsibility, the registration in Vaccinnetverricht. The use of vaccinnet with regard to the vaccines against COVID-19 is metinned by the provisions of this Protocol Agreement.art. 3. § 1. With regard to each vaccination code referred to in Article 2 § 1, the following categories of data registered a data sofa with vaccination codes: 1 ° identity data concerning the person to which vaccination code is administered, in particular the identification number referred to in Article 8 of the Act 15 January 1990 establishing and organization of a intersection bank of social security, the name, first name, gender, the date of birth, the main residence, and, where appropriate, the date of deathThis data is available insofar as they are available, based on the mentioned identification number involves at the National Register and the intersection bank registers; 2 ° the random vaccination code granted; 3 ° data with regard to the status of the random vaccination code, in particular the fact or vaccination activated or damaged is, the source of the activation, referred to in Article 2, § 1, second paragraph, (without any information from this about the health status of the person concerned), the times of activation and desactivation of the random vaccination code or the times of use for reservation of a vaccination; 4 ° the contact details of the person to which the random vaccination code has been assigned, or of his representative, referred to in the law of 22 August 2002 on the rights of the patient, including the telephone numbering e-mail address; This data is, insofar as they are available there, based on the identification number intended in 1 ° involved with the care providers, the insurance institutions or in the authentication service referred to in Article 9 of the Act of 18 July 2017 on electronic identification; 5 ° submitted person To which the random vaccination code has been granted, the object has already been based on a vaccination, the (reference to the) relevant data referred to in § 2, 3 ° up to and including 5 ° that relate to him. § 2. With regard to each vaccination referred to in Article2, § 2, the following categories of data are registered in Vaccinnet: 1 ° identity data relevant the person to the vaccine, in particular the identification number referred to in Article 8 of the Act of 15 January 1990 containing Establishment and organization of a intersection bank of social security, the name, first name, the gender, the date of birth, the main residence, and, where appropriate, the date of death. Insofar as they are available, this data is based on the mentioned identification number in the National Register and the intersection bank registers; 2 ° identity data concerning the person who has given the vaccine, in particular the identification number intended in Article 8 of the Act of 15 January 1990 establishing establishment and organization of a crossroads bank of social security or the RIZIV number; 3 ° data regarding the vaccine, in particular the brand, lot number and identification number of the vaccine; 4 ° the date and location of any dose of the vaccine; 5; ° Data on the schedule for vaccination TegenCovid-19 of the person to whom the vaccine is administered; 6 ° data on the undesirable desks established during or after the vaccination of the person concerned, the person who has given the vaccine or has his authorized statement have.art. 4. §1. The processing of the personal data referred to in Article 3, § 1, aims at the following processing purposes: 1 ° managing schedules for vaccination against COVID-19 per per vaccinated person and scheduling vaccination moments, including through the vaccination centers; 2 ° the Inviting persons for vaccination against COVID-19 by the care providers, the insurance institutions, the vaccination centers, the federal government, the competent federated entities and the local authorities. § 2The processing of the personal data referred to in Article 3, § 2, aims to provide the following processing purposes: 1 ° providing health care and treatments, as referred to in Article 9, 2, h of the Data Protection General Regulation; 2 ° the drug surveillance of the vaccines against COVID -19, in accordance with Article 12sexies of the Act of 25 March 1964 on the medicines and the detailed directions announced by the European Commission in the "Module VI collection, management and submission of reports of suspected side effects of medicines (GVP)", as they prevent in the last availability version, and as referred to in Article 4, paragraph 1, 3rd paragraph, 3 °, of the law of 20 July 2006 relevant the establishment and operation of the Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products; 3 ° the traceability of the vaccines against COVID -19 In order to ensure the follow -up of "Rapid Alerts of Vigilance" and "Rapid Alerts of Quality" as referred to in Such s referred to in Article 4, paragraph1, 3rd paragraph, 3 °, E, and 4 °, J, of the Law of 20 July 2006 on the establishment and operation of the Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products; 4 ° managing schedule ' s for vaccination against COVID-19 per vaccination or vaccinated person and scheduling vaccination moments, including by the vaccination centers; 5 ° the logistical organization of the vaccination against COVID-19, after anonymization of the data or at least pseudonymization of the data for the case that deanonimization would not make the logistics organization possible; 6 ° determining the vaccination rate against COVID-19 of the population; 7 ° organizing the contact detection in the execution of the cooperation agreement of 25 August 2020 between the Federal State, the Flemish Community, the Waalsegegewest, the German -speaking community and the common community committee, concerning the joint data processing by Sciensano and the by The competent federated entities or contact centers, health inspections and mobile teams designated by the competent agencies in the context of a contact investigation by persons who are (presumably) infected with the Coronavirus COVID-19 on the basis of a data bench at Sciensano; 8 ° carrying out monitoring and surveillance After a permit of the vaccine corresponding the good practices recommended by the World Health Organization, after anonymization of the data or at least pseudonymization of the data in the event that anonymization demonitoring and surveillance after permit would not make it possible; of the distribution of the costs for the vaccination between defederal state and the federated entities, after anonymization of the data or at least pseudonymization of the data in the event that the anonymization would not make the calculation of the distribution possible; 10 ° perform it of scientific or statistical studies, in accordance with Title 4 of the Law of 30 July 2018 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data, after anonymization, or at least pseudonymization, in case anonymization would not allow the scientific or statistical study to be conducted; 11 ° Informing and raising awareness of care users with regard to the COVID-19 vaccination by care providers.§ 3. The data collected in the context of this protocol agreement may not be used for other purposes than those provided for in this agreement. Art. 5. Without prejudice to Article 4, § 3, a prior deliberation of the Chamber is "Social Security and Health" of the information safety committee referred to in the law of 5 September 2018 establishing the information safety committee to amend various laws concerning the implementation of the General Data Protection Requirement Regulation For the announcement of the personal data referred to in Article 3 to bodies with an assignment of the public interest required for the purposes with which these authorities are charged by or pursuant to a law, decree or ordinance and of this data after anonymization, or at least pseudonimization to the research institutions for scientific or statistical studies. The information security committee publishes on the Egerhtheid portal A precise functional description of the information system is set up for the implementation of this decision and the information flows between this information system have been the object of A deliberation of the information security committee.art.6. § 1. The data referred to in Article 3 § 1 is kept up to 5 days after the day of the publication of the Royal Decree that the end of the state of the Coronavirus COVID-19 epidemic cans. § 2The data referred to in Article 3, § 2, is stored for 30 years after the vaccination against COVID-19 or at least to at least 1 year after the death of the person to which the vaccine was administered. § 3. Contrary to Article 15, §1 of the Cooperation Agreement of 25 August 2020 between the Federal State, the Flemish Community, the Walloon Region, the German -speaking Community and the Joint Community Commission, joint data processing by Sciensano and the federated by the competent Entities or the competent agencies indicated contact centers, health inspections and mobile teams in the framework A contact examination of persons who (presumably) are (presumably) infected with the COVID-19 Coronavirus, the following data of persons category I, II and III should not are deleted no later than sixty days after its storage:-the INSZ number; date, the result, the steel number and the type of the Coronavirus COVID-19 test;-the RIZIV number of the lab that the Coronavirus COVID-19- test has carried out. This data is outstanding 5 days after the day of publication of the Royal Decree that The end of the state of the Coronavirus Covid-19 epidemic announces. 7. § 1. The competent entities or the agencies federated by the competent agencies, and the federal government act, each for their authority, act as a controller for the processing of the personal data intended in this Protocol Agreement. The following entities is more specifically or agencies: 1 ° for the persons vaccinated on the territory of the Flemish Region or in an institution in the bilingual Brussels-Capital area that must be regarded as an institution that belongs exclusively to the Flemish Community: the Care and Health Agency 2 ° for the persons for which the French Community is competent: L'Ostice de la Naissance et de L'Enfance; 3 ° for the persons for which the Walloon Region is competent: L'Agence Wallonne de la Santé, the La Protectionsocial, du Handicap et des Familles; 4 ° for the persons for whom the common Community Commission Brussels-Capital Cover d is: the common community committee; 5 ° for DEPERSENS for which the French Community Commission of Brussels-Capital is competent: the French Community Commission; 6 ° for the persons for which the German-speaking community is competent: Ministerium of Deutschspraachigen Gemeinschaft.7 ° for the persons for which the for which the the for which the is the Federal government is authorized: Sciensano. § 2. Sciensano, the competent federated entities and agencies federated by the competent entities, each within his competence sphere, determine their respective responsibilities in a transparent manner, in particular with regard to the exercise of the rights of the person concerned and the provision of information. Sciensano, the competent federated entities and the competent entities -designated agencies conclude a protocol in which the respective roles and relationships of the joint processing managers are determined with regard to those involved.Art. 8. The Dispute between the parties to this Protocol Agreement with regard to the interpretation or implementation of this Protocol Agreement are submitted to a partnership, within the meaning of Article 92bis, §5 of the special law of 8 August 1980 for the reform of the institutions. The designation method for the members of the partnership will be recorded in an executive cooperation agreement. The working costs of the cooperation court will be distributed between the parties of this Protocol Agreement.art. 9. § 1. The Interministerial Public Health Conference supervises the implementation and compliance with this Protocol Agreement and, if necessary, makes proposals for adjustment. Also, the inter -ministerial Public Health Conference is practicing a mediation function from the framework of this Protocol Agreement before disputes are submitted to a partnership as determined in Article 8. § 2. The Interministerial Conference Public Health comes as soon as a party therefore requests the Protocol Agreement. 10. In mutual consultation, the competent federated entities may make the registration of the vaccinations referred to in Article 2, §2, in another common database. In such a case, the existence data from Vaccinnet is migrated to that other database, where appropriate, managed by one other entity, under the reservation that that other database is in accordance with the articles of this agreement.art. 11. This protocol agreement is not a cooperation agreement as referred to in Article 92bis of the Special Law of 8 August 1980 to reform the institutionsParties of the Parties, based on the provisions of this Protocol Agreement, a cooperation agreement to reach 21 April 2021.Art. 12. This Protocol Agreement has elaboration with effect from December 24 ,2020 and has an effect on the day on which a cooperation agreement between the Federal State, the Flemish Community, the French Community, the German -speaking community, the common community committee, the Walloon Region and the French Community committee on the processing of data with regard to vaccinations against COVID-19 comes into effect. Get in Brussels, on January 27, 2021 in one original copy. The Prime Minister, a. De Croode Vice-first Minister Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health, Fr. Vandenbrouckede Prime Minister of the Flemish Government and Flemish Minister of Foreign Affairs, Culture, IT and Facility Management of the Flemish Government, J. Jambonde Flemish Minister for Welfare, Public Health, Family Poverty Reduction of the Flemish Government, w. Confident Prime Minister of Defranse Community, P.-Y. Jallessed vice-president and minister of child, health, culture, media and women's rights, b. Linarde Minister for Higher Education, Education for Social Promotion, Scientific Research, University Hospitals, Youth Care, Justice Houses, Youth, Sport and the Promotion of Brussels, v. Glatignyte Prime Minister of the Waalssekegering, e. Di Rupode Vice-Minister President and Minister of Work, Training, Health, Social Action, Equal Opportunities and Women's Rights of the Walloon Government, Ch. MORREATDEMIN STUND STRIDAST AND MINISTERVAN Local authorities and finances of the German-speaking Community, including vice-minister-president and Minister of Health and Social Affairs, Spatial Ordinance and Housing of the Government of the German-speaking Community, a. Antoniadisdevoorzitter of the United College of College The Common Community Commission, R.Voorthet Member of the United College of the Joint Community Commission, Cut with Health and Welfare, a. Maronhet Member of the United College of the Commission Committee, charged with Health and Welfare, e. Van den Brandtde Prime Presidential with the promotion of health, b. Treate minister, member of the lecture with social welfare and health, a. Maron