Publication: 2021-01-15Numac: 2021020134 Flemish government18 December 2020.-Decree of the Flemish Government containing various urgent measures under COVID-19 for the secondary education law (s) This decision is based:-the decree of 18 January 2002 on the Final terms, the development goals and the specific attainment targets in full-time ordinary and extraordinary secondary education, Article 8, §4- The Codex Secondary Education of 17 December 2010, Article 357/5, § 1, 1 ° form requirement (s) the consecutive form requirements are fulfilled: - The Finance Inspectorate has given advice on 9 December 2020.- For the sake of urgent necessity, this draft is not presented to the advice of the Legislation of the Council of State (cf. Art. 3, § 1 coordinated laws on the Council of State) . The decision is immediately submitted for definitive approval. Motivation decisive decision is based on the following motives: -ing the difficult circumstances During the COVID-19 Pandemie, the period for submitting curriculum for the second degree of Het Secondary Education is postponed by 2 months. COVID-19 find students in De Training Children's Counselor Dual and in the Healthcare Dual training difficult to find two workplaces. This condition is therefore discontinued as well as the minimum periods imposed. Initiator (s) this decision is proposed by the Flemish Minister of Economy, Innovation, Work, Social Economy En Agrouw and the Flemish Minister of Education, Sport, Animal Welfare and Flemish Randna Breking, Devlamic Government Decides: article 1. Contrary to Article 4, first paragraph, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 10 November 2006 establishing the approval criteria and submission modalities of the curricula, the curriculum of the second degree that applied on 1 September 2021 in the first grade of That degree, submitted to the competent Inspector-General Appearer months after the approval of the final objectives of that grade.Art. 2. Contrary to Appendix2 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 12 October 2018 to record structural hundreds of play and standard processes in secondary education, the school year 2020-2021 applies that students in the childcare center and in the Healthcare Dual course no workplaces must, and the minimum periods that are imposed in the respective standard processes are not met .Art. 3. The Flemish Minister, competent for education, is responsible for the implementation of this decision.brussel, 18 December 2020. The Prime Minister of the Flemish Government, J.Jambonde Flemish Minister of Economy, Innovation, Work, Social Economy and Agriculture. Crevitsde Flemish Minister for Education, Sport, Animal Welfare and Flemish Rand, B.WeytsPublication: 2021-01-18Numac: 2021020165Federal Public Service Home Affairs12 January 2021.-Ministerial Decree amending the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19. - German translation below is the German translation of the Ministerial Decree of 12 January 2021 amending the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (Belgian Official Gazette of 12 January2021). This translation was drawn up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.Föderaleröffentlicher Service Inneres12. January 2021 - Ministeryller Erlass Zur Abänderung des Ministerialian Lasses vom 28. October 2020 Zur Festlegung von Dringlichkeitsmaßnahmen Zur Eindämmung der Ausbreitungdes Coronavirus Covid -19Die Minister of the Inner, afgrund of the paints of the paints of the paints of the paints of the paints of the paints of the paints of the paints of the paints of painting of the paints of painting of the paints of painting of the paints of painting of painting of painting, the paints of painting of the paints of the paints of the paints of the paints of the paints of the paints of the paints of the paints23, the painting of the paints of paints23. Articles 4; AUFGRUNDDES GEETZES VOM 5. August 1992 über das Polizeiamt, of Article 11 und 42; Aufgrund des Gesetzesvom 15. Mai 2007 über die Zivile Sicherheit, of Article 181, 182 und 187; Aufgrund of the Ministerial Lasses Vom 28. October 2820. von Dringlichkeitsmaßnahmen Zur Eindämmung der Ausbreitungdes Coronavirus Covid-19; Aufgrund von Article 8 § 2 Nr. 1 und 2 des Gesetzes vom 15.Dezember 2013 zur Festlegung verschiedener Bestimmungen in Sachen administrative Vereinfachung ist vorliegenderErlass von der Auswirkungsanalyse beim Erlass von Vorschriften befreit;Aufgrund der Stellungnahmedes Finanzinspektors vom 11. Januar 2021;Aufgrund des Einverständnisses des Staatssekretärsfür Haushalt vom 12. Januar 2021 ; Aufgrund der am 12. January 2021 Abgegebenen Stellungnahmeder Minister, who is im rat darüber beraten; der Gesetzgebungsabteilung des Staatsrates innerhalb einer verkürztenFrist von fünf Tagen abzuwarten, insbesondere aufgrund der Notwendigkeit, Maßnahmen zu erwägen,die sich auf epidemiologische Ergebnisse stützen, die sich Tag für Tag weiterentwickeln, wobei die jüngstenErgebnisse die auf der Sitzung des Konzertierungsausschusses vom 8. Januar 2021 beschlossenen Maßnahm Entertigertt Haben; Dass es daher urgently Erforderlich isst, Mestimme Maßnahmen zu Erernundund Other Anzupassen; in Erwägung der Konzertierungen Zwischen the Regierungen of the Furierierteilgebiet und den Zuständigen Föderalen Behörden imtanden Sicherheitsratratratrat, am 10.undsratratratratratratrat, of am 10.undsratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratratrat, am 10.und. . Und 24. April 2020, am 6., 13., 20. und 29. Mai 2020, am 3., 24. und 30. June2020, AM 10., 15., 23. und 27. July 2020, AM 20 . August 2020 und AM 23. September 2020 sister -to -eatist; in Erwägung of the Gees und der Gems und der Stellungnahmen der Rag und Desceleval; in Erwägung der Stellungnahme des Hohen Gesundheitsrates vom July 2020; inerwägung des der Europäischen Union, in Dem Das Prinzipder Vorsorge im Rahmen der Bewältigung Einer Internationalen Gesundheitskrise und der Aktiven Vorbereitungauf Einen Möglichen Krisenfall Anchert ist; Dass Dieses Prinzip VoraSetzt, Dass who Öffentlichenbehörden Bei der Feststellung, Dass Ein Ernst Risiko Höchstwahrscheinlich Eintreten Wird, UrgeeUnd Vorläufige Schutzmaßnom ergreifen) Derlägungecece) Derlägungecececaec) Derlägungecececeecde) Derlägungecec's) Derlägungecececebecd) derlägungecec's) Derlägungecec )d derlägungecect )d derlägungecect) Derlägungecec's) Derlägungecec )caec derlägungecececebecd) dervägungecec; 27. April 2016 Zum Schutznatürlicher Persons Bei der Verarbeitung Passenger Dating, Zum Freien Datenverkehr und Zur AuFhebungder Direct Line 95/46/EG; In Erwägung des Getzes vom 24. January 1977 übergens of Gesundheitor Bereich des Gesetzes vom 4.August 1996 über das Wohlbefinden der Arbeitnehmer bei der Ausführung ihrer Arbeit und seiner Ausführungserlasse;InErwägung des Zusammenarbeitsabkommens vom 25. August 2020 zwischen dem Föderalstaat, der Flämischen Gemeinschaft,der Wallonischen Region, der Deutschsprachigen Gemeinschaft und der Gemeinsamen Gemeinschaftskommissionin Bezug auf that mere insame Verarbeitung von Daten durch Sciensano und die von den zuständigen föderiertenTeilgebieten oder von den zuständigen Agenturen bestimmten Kontaktzentren, Gesundheitsinspektionsdiensteund mobilen Teams im Rahmen einer Kontaktermittlung bei (vermutlich) mit dem Coronavirus COVID-19 infiziertenPersonen auf der Grundlage einer Datenbank bei Sciensano;In Erwägung des Gesetzes Vom 9. October2020 Zur Billigung des Voorerwähnten Zusammenarbeitsabkommens vom 25. August 2020; in Erwägungdes Königlichen Erlasses vom 22May 2019 on the emergency planning planning and the coping with the emergency of municipal and provincial levels and the role of the mayors and the provincial organure on crisis events and in crisis situations that require coordination or coping with the national level; the federal phase with regard to the coordination and crisis management in relation to the Coronaviruscovide-19; in consideration of the "guideline for the opening of business", which is made available on the website of the federal service. by COVID-19 at work ", which is made available to employment, work and social concerts on the website of the federal service. on the website of the Federation of Economy; in consideration of the protocols, which are determined by the responsible ministers in concerting with the relevant sectors; in consideration of the recommendation (EU) of the Council of the European Union of August 7, 2020 to change the recommendation 2020/912 to gradually cancel the temporary restriction of not necessarily necessary trips to the EU; in consideration of the recommendation (EU) 2020/1475Des Council of 13 October 2020 for a coordinated procedure for restriction in the freedom of reveals of the COVID-19 pandemy; in consideration the explanation of the WHO in relation to the qualifying Coronavirus Covid-19, in particular with regard to the high transferability and dying risk; inheritance of the qualification of the Coronavirus Covid-19 as a pandemic that made by the WHO on March 11, 2020 March 16, 2020 The highest warning level in relation to the Coronavirus Covid-13au The calling that the global economy destabilizes and spreads quickly in the world; inner weighing the introductory speech of the WHO general director of October 12, 2020, in which it clearly made that the virus is mainly transferred between tight contacts and leads to outstanding epidemic, which could be contained by the implementation of targeted measures; inner consideration of the explanation of the WHO Europe General Director of October 15, 2020, in which he pointed out that the situation in Europe is very worrying and that the transmission and the transmission sources to the houses Public locations and in persons who do not follow the self-protection measures correctly, take place or to take place; in consideration of the explanatory general director of the WHO of October 26, 2020, in which he made it clear that the highest number of COVID-19 per week from 19 . October 2020 have been recorded and that all the strict to be taken to protect the employees of the health care sector; that schools and companies can remain open, but compromises must be made; that the general director confirms that the virus can be suppressed through fast and targeted action; inner weighing the explanations of the WHO general director of December 30, 2020 and January 5, 2021, in which he emphasized the importance of the measures until vaccination to continue the population; in consideration of the explanation of Dr. Hans Henri P. Kluge, Regional Director of the WHO for Europe, of January 7, 2021, in which he warns for caution, before being overwhelmed to abolish the applicable measures; inner weighing up the risk analysis of the European Center for Prevention and the Control of Diseases (ECDC) of December 20, 2020 on the "rapid increase of a SARS-COV-2 variant with several top von protein mutations that were observed in the United Kingdom" and from 29December 2020 "Access to the spread of new worrying SARS-COV-2 variants in the EU/in the EEA"; that DasecDC advises the Member States in this analysis to "consider guidelines to avoid necessary trips and social activities"; that particularly drastic measures are taken to avoid the further spread of the virus by reducing interpersonal contacts; that the entire national territory is affected by the danger; that it is important that for the conservation of public order is given a maximum of coherence for the measures taken, which maximizes your efficiency; However, the fact that local authorities have the opportunity to take stricter measures in their field in the event of an increase; in the consideration that Fürunser Land has been in alarm level 4 (very high alarm level) since October 13, 2020; The daily average of the new cases of contagion with the Coronavirus Covid-19in Belgium in the past seven days to 1816 again confirmed positive cases on January 11, 2021; in the consideration that a total of 1,955 Covid-19 patients in Belgian hospitals were treated; that a total of 371 patients were in intensive care units on the same day; inner weighing of the recent light increase in the number of new infection cases and the occupancy of the hospital beds; that the pressure on the hospitals and the continuity of care, which is not related to Covid-19 is very high and that the danger to public health continues; that hospitals still have to deal with disease -related personnel bottlenecks and that this can lead to a personnel deficiency health care sector; that it must be prevented from putting pressure on patients in the Demstaats area; in consideration that the epidemiological situation is already serious and precarious; that the incidence on January 11, 2021 is still 207.9Pro 100 in the 14-day middle000 inhabitants; that the reproduction rate based on the number of new infection cases is still below 1, but has increased again; that a further reduction of the numbers is necessary to find a way out of this dangerous epidemiological situation; that extensive and far -reaching measures remain necessary to keep them under control; in the consideration that uncertainty about the effects of the celebrations at the end of the year, the return from travelers and the start of school still insist on the number of infection; that a re -flaming virus on Belgian territory must avoid being relaxed too quickly; that for this reason the measures taken beforehand must be extended; It can already be determined that the positivity rate in the case of tested travel returners can increasingly be and can be considerable; in the consideration that due to the current epidemiological situation, a drastic limitation of social contacts and the permitted activities is required to avoid further increase in numbers ; In the consideration that the waiting times for driving license training and exams and for training to control aircraft; that this has harmful consequences for people who, for professional reasons, urgently need a driver's license or a qualification; that these training and exams are therefore allowed again; in the consideration that snow attracts large groups of people to practice winter sports; that many people come together on the skiing and cross-country slopes; that it is not possible to control the amounts of diemen in these places and that compliance with the rules of the social distance cannot be guaranteed; that this leads to an increased risk of transmission of the virus; that the ski slopes, cross -country slopes and ski centers have to remain closed for this reason; inner weighing of points 19 b) and 19 h) of the recommendation (EU) 2020/1475 of the council must work in traffic sector and Sailors are considered an essential employee and service provider; in the consideration that the requirement that employees in the transport sector and seafarers at the border crossing or after the border would have to be tested, lead to unnecessary queues and negatively impact on the waiting times when the limits are exceeded; The fact that employees in the transport sector and seafarers therefore do not have to be obliged to undergo a Covid-19 test; based on the urgency: Article 1-Article 3 of the Ministerial Erfute dated October 28, 2020 to determine urgency measures to improve the spread of the corona viruscovide 19 is changed as follows: 1. The following words are canceled in § 1 paragraph 1: "In the sectors construction, cleaning, agriculture and horticulture, as in Article 20 of Section 2 of Royal Decree No. 1 of December 29, 1992 on measures with regard to the payment of the payment and in Article 1 No. 1 of the Royal Erfar No. 22 of September 15, 1970, over the special regulation for farmers in terms of VAT, as well as activities in the meat sector, as in Article 2 of the Royal Decree of December 27, 2007 for the execution of Article 53 of the Code amicable entitlement and the forced entity of tax claims and non -tax claims and articles 12, 30bis and 30th of the law of June 27, 1969 on the revision of the decree of December 28, 1944 on the social security of the workers and of Article 6th of the Act of 4th August 1996 about that Well -being of the employees mentioned in the execution of their work, ". 2.in § 2 paragraph 1 are followed NDE words canceled: "In the sectors construction, cleaning, agricultural and gardening, as in Article 20 § 2 of the previously mentioned royal decree No. 1 of December 29, 19992 and in Article 1 No. 1 of the previous Royal Decree No. 22 of September 15th Mentioned in 1970, or activities in the meat sector, as mentioned in Article 2 of the above royal decree of December 272007, ". 3. Paragraph 3 is replaced as follows: "A living or self -employed person living abroad or self -employed, who is temporarily employed by an employer or user to carry out activities in Belgium, must bring the negative result of a tester, which at the earliest 72 hours before the start of his activity or Activity was carried out in Belgiaenden if it stays in Belgian territory for more than 48 hoursThis negative result can be checked by the danger prevention consultant work doctors and all services and institutions that are committed to monitoring compliance with the obligations in the context of the urgency measures. With the following wording added: "People who are in a workplace must comply with the obligations determined by the competent authorities. of the obligations imposed in the context of the urgency measures to contain the spread of the Coronaviruscovide -19, ask the persons concerned to provide evidence that they have the obligations specified by the responsible authorities keep. 3 - [Modification of the French text] Art.4 - In Article 7 of the same decree, § 2 is revoked. 5 - In Article 8 §4 paragraph 1 of the same decree, the words "Services through trade transactions, private and public businesses and services mentioned in the investment are necessary for the protection of life -important needs of the nation and the needs of the population." replaced by an in-end point and supplemented by the following words: "- Services by trading businesses, private and public businesses and services mentioned in the investment. And for training as a guide for aircraft with the aim of a professional qualification, in compliance with the modalities provided for in the applicable protocol. "Art. 6 - Paragraph3 of the same law is canceled. 7 - Article 21 of the same decree is changed as follows: 1. Paragraph 2 bis is canceled. 2. In paragraph 3 paragraph 1, the words "1, 2 and 2 bis" are replaced by the words "1 and 2". 3. Paragraph 7 is used by a paragraph 2 with the following wording: "In deviation from paragraph 1, the following categories of travelers do not have to show a negative test test: 1. If you travel to Belgium as part of your function: worker of the traffic service provider, including truck drivers, Diegüter for Preparing use in the territory, and those that are only on the passage,- soul,- "Border Force Officer" of the United Kingdom,- Borderstriper, 2nd student from neighboring countries who travel to Belgium as part of the compulsory lesson, 3. that travel to Belgium as part of the cross -border co -parents. "Art. 8-Article22 paragraph 1 of the same decree is replaced as follows: "As part of the fight against the Coronaviruscovid-19, the State Office for Social Security can be processed as contract processors for all services and institutions that are commissioned to combat the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 All services and institutions that are commissioned to monitor the containment of the spread of the Coronavirus COVID -19 imposed obligations as part of the urgency measures, with regard to the support of the tracer and review of clusters and personal health data in relation to the coronavirus covid-19 as well Contact, identification, employment and residence data from employees and self-employed collecting, combining and processing, also datamining and datamatching. "Art. 9 - Article 28 of the same decree is replaced as follows: "The issuing measures are required by March 1, 2021." Art. "Art. 10 - On the day of its publication in the Belgical State Blatt, the present will occur in Kraft.brussels, January 12, 2021a. Publishers