Publication: 2021-06-24NUMAC: 2021042363federal government service Financial administration for policy expertise and support. - Regulation service. -Agreement in mutual consultation between the competent authorities of Germany and Belgium to extend the agreement mutual consultation of 6 May 2020 with regard to the situation of the frontier workers who work from home in the context of the COVID-19 Pandemie, as extended by the agreements in mutual consultation of 20 May 2020, 22 June 2020, 24 August 2020, 11 December 2020 and 17 March 20211. Introduction to 6 May 2020, Germany and Belgium concluded an agreement in mutual consultation in accordance with Article 25, paragraph3 of the agreement signed on 11 April 1967 between The Federal Republic of Germany and the Kingdom Belgia for the prevention of double taxation and regulation of some other matters in socket taxes of income and assets, including the business tax and the soil taxes, as amended by the additional agreement signed on November 5, 2002, (the " Agree "). 2. extension the agreement stipulates that it can be extended from 31 May 2020 until the end of the following calendar month by a written agreement between the two competent authorities at least one week before the start of the relevant calendar month. On 20 May 2020, competent authorities of Germany and Belgium have concluded a first agreement that the agreement extends to 30 June 2020. On 22 June 2020, the competent authorities of Germany and Belgium Endweede have agreed that the agreement extends until 31 August 2020. On 24 August 2020, competent authorities of Germany and Belgium have concluded a third agreement that the agreement extends to 31 December 2020. On December 11, 2020, the competent authorities of Germany and Belgium a fourth agreement concluded that the agreement extends to March 31, 2021. On March 17, 2021, competent authorities of Germany and Belgium have concluded a fifth agreement that the agreement extends to 30 June 2021. In this context the competent authorities of Germany and Belgium are coming overee to extend the agreement a sixth time until September 30, 2021. This extension does not deviate from the general rule that is laid down in the agreement and states that the Unilateraaldoor agreement can be terminated any competent authority by notifying the other competent authority. Such notification must be made at least one week before the start of the relevant calendar month. In that case, the agreement means that it applies to the first day of the relevant calendar month.3. Publication ride Sixth Extension Agreement will be published in the German "Bundessteuerblatt" and in the Belgian Official Gazette. Achieved by the undersigned authorities on 16 June 2021: for the competent authority of Belgium: p. Devos advisor General Federal Public Service Finance, Belgium for the competent authority of Germany: s. Bruns department head Federal Ministry of Finance of GermanyPublication: 2021-06-23NUMAC: 2021042381federal Public Health Service, Safety of the Food Chain and Environment 20 June 2021.-Acting the Cooperation Agreement of 31 May 2021 between the Federal State, the Flemish Community, the German-speaking Community, the Walloon Region and the Common Community Committee on special processing of personal data with a view to detecting and investigating clusters and collectivities, with a view to maintaining compulsory quarantine and testing and with a view to supervising compliance by the competent social inspectors of the measures To combat the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 on the jobs (1) Filip, King of the Belgians, to all who are now and will hereinafter refer to our greeting. The Chamber of People's representatives and we ratify, which follows: article 1. This law regulates a matter as referred to in Article 74 of the GR undetwet.art. 2. Considering consenting with the cooperation agreement between the Federal State, the Flemish Community, the German -speaking community, the Walloon Region and the common community committee on special processing of personal data with a view to detecting and investigating clusters and collectivities, with a view to maintaining the enforcement of the compulsory quarantine and testing and with a view to supervision of compliance by the competent social inspectors of the measures to prevent the spread of the coronaviruscovid-19 on the jobs, closed in Brussels on 31 May 2021, added to these law. AFTER this law, order that it will be held with the country's seal and will be announced by the Belgian Official Gazette. Given in Brussels, 20 June 2021.Filipvankoning: the Minister of Health, f. Vandenbrouckemet 's Land's seal: the Minister of Justice, v. Van Quickenborne _______ Note (1) Chamber of representatives (www.dekamer.be) Pieces. - 55-2026Integral report: (17.06.21) [31.05.2021] Collaboration agreement between the federal state, the Flemish Community, the German-speaking community, the Walloon Region and the common community commission-relevant special processing of personal data with a view to detecting and examining Vancers and exams collectivities, in view of the enforcement of compulsory quarantine and testing and with a view to supervising compliance by the competent social inspectors of the measures to prevent the Coronavirus COVID-19 Coronavirus on the labor places of explanation-common explanation as the contact examination as the Enforcement of the quarantine and testing by the authorized entities and the enforcement of the corona measures on the jobs by the competent social inspectors play an important role in combating the COVID-19 Pandemie. Derijksdienst voor Social Security (hereinafter also shortened: RSZ) plays an important supporting role the fight against the Coronavirus COVID-19. Commissioned by the competent federated entities (Controller managers), the National Social Security Office enriches both certain infection data from Datkensbank IALS Certain PLF data in particular with employment data. This enables the competent federated entities to better detect infection fireplaces in the workplace and, where necessary, rise faster and facilitates the enforcement of compulsory quarantine and testing. The NSSO also supplies anonymous statistics for policy manager and researchers. Contributing to police enforcement, the social inspectors are also responsible for supervising compliance with the 'COVID' measures on the work. In support of this supervision, certain PLF data is enriched with employment data. Goal objective of the present cooperation agreement concerns the effect of a legal and legally legal framework for these supporting processing of personal data by determining the essential elements of these processes. Power output point for authority is that every government is responsible for the fight against a public health crisis within the limits of its own material powers. In what concerns the processing of personal data with a view to detecting and investigating cluster collectivities, the Communities and the Walloon Region are competent for the investigation and the fight against the infectious and social diseases as a part of their powers regarding preventive health care (art. 5, § 1, I, first paragraph, 8 °, BWHI)For the sake of completeness, reference can be made to the regulations of the competent federated entities, more specifically: (i) German -speaking community: Decree of 1 June 2004 on health promotion and on medical prevention; (ii) Waalsegewest: prior book "Prevention and promotion of health" of the Walloon Code of 29 September2011 of Social Action and Health; (iii) Flemish Community: Decree of 21 November 2003 on the preventive health policy; and (iv) Common Community Committee: Ordinance of July 1, 2007 on preventive health policy. For the sake of completeness, the federal powers on scientific research (art. 6bis, §§ 2 and 3 BWHI, see also art. 4 Act 25 February 2018 is established in the establishment of sciensano). For the processing of personal data with a view to enforcing the Mandatory quarantine and testing, the federal government can take measures in the fight against the fight against the COVID pandemia in the context of its residential authority on, among other things, civil protection, civil security, general police and people health. The federal government is also competent for the control of the external borders. On the basis of the aforementioned federal powers, the federal government can also impose conditions in connection with access to the territory, such as filling in and keeping the PLF. The imposition of obligations regarding the seclusion or quarantine of potentially infected persons and with regard to testing these persons is a competence of the communities and the Walloon region, since the investigation of and the fight against infectious diseases, such as COVID-19, is part of their competences in preventive health care (art. 5, § 1, I, first paragraph, 8 °, BWHI). For what initiates, the processing of personal data with a view to supervising compliance by the competent social inspectors of the measures to spread the Coronavirus Covid- 19 To counter the jobs, reference is made to Article 17, §2, and Article 238 of the Social Criminal Code for the relevant federal powers. The cooperation agreement therefore regulates matters both to the powers of the federal state and the powers of the federated entities hearing. 2. Support for detecting and investigating clusters and collectivities: enrichment of infection data from Database I For the competent federated entities of the first type of processing, the support of detecting and investigations about clusters and collectivities with a view to combating the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19.thes-authorized entities, each for their authority, act as a controller. The RSZ acts as a processor. The categories of those involved are the persons whose a corona virus COVID-19 tested that they are infected. The categories of personal data are twisted. Firstly, it concerns the following three personal data from Datkensbank I managed by Sciensano: the INSZ number, the date of the Coronavirus-Covid-19 test and the postal code of the person concerned. These data areas, secondly, processed, combined and compared to the second type of categories of personal data, in particular certain identification and employment data. The identification data concerns the identification number of the person concerned (national register number or bis number), as well as, only if necessary for a correction identification, the following basic identification data: name, first name, date of birth, place of birth, sexual address. The employment data is data on the duration, location, sector, employers/or client, the Service for Prevention and Protection at work, and where appropriate, WHEN WHEN WHEN APPLIENT ARE CONTINUE (Temporary and mobile construction sites and labor sector in the meat sector ), the contact details of the contact person of the construction or workplace. The database from which the employment data originates as well as the entities that the relevant data benches have been determined in Article 1, 12 °. The maximum retention period is determined in the article -by -article explanation for each category of personal data, both on the part of the processor and the controller, and in Article 2, § 3, and circumstances in the article -by -article explanation. 2Supporting the detection and investigation of clusters and collectivities as well as maintaining the additional quarantine and testing: enrichment of selection of PLF data for competent federated entities The purpose of the second type of supporting processing is two-fold: the support of detecting and investigating clusters and collectivities with In view of the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 and the enforcement of the compulsory quarantine and testing with the eye on the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 by the competent federated entities. The competent federated entities act, each for their competence, as a processing manager. The NSSO acts as a processor. The categories of stakeholders intersect the employees and self -employed people who live abroad who perform work in Belgium. The categories of personal data are two -fold. First of all, Hetom is a selection of PLF data from the PLF data bench managed by the FPS Health, Saniport service, listed in Article 3, § 2, and further stated in the article-by-article explanation. This selection PLF data is subsequently combined, combined and compared to certain identification, employment and accommodation data defined in Article 1, 10 ° t.e.m. 12 °. For each category of personal data, the Maximal Supply period is determined by the federal resulting data for each category of personal data, both from the processor and the controller in Article 3, § 4, and in circumstances in the articles of use. entities to the local authorities as well as by the federated governments and local authorities to the police services either in accordance with the regulations of the federated entities or in the event of suspicion that the quarantine is not complied with and this in accordance with Article3, § 2, of the cooperation agreement of 24 March 2021. The local Governments and the police services further process the received data for the same purpose, namely with a view to the enforcement of the compulsory quarantine and testing. 3. Supporting supervision by the competent federal social inspectors on compliance with the COVID-19 measures on the jobs's workshops of the third type of processing of personal data concerns the supervision by the corresponding article 17, § 2, first paragraph, of the Social Criminal Code , competent social inspectors for the measures against the distribution of the COVID-19 Coronavirus on the jobs. The National Social Security Service acts as a controller. Decategories of those involved concern the people who are obliged to fill in the PLF. It concerns residents of Belgium as non-residents. The categories of personal data are twofold. Before the first time, this is a selection of PLF data from the PLF data bench managed by Defod Public Health, Saniport service, listed in Article 4, § 2, and further stated in the article Government Exception. This selection PLF data is then processed, combined and compared to certain identification and employment data, as defined in Article 1, 10 ° and 12 °. Demaximal retention period is determined for each category of data in Article 4, § 4, and specified in detail in the article -by -article explanation. Subscribe the competent Federal Social Inspector's Inspecteursbben access to the result data in view of the supervision of compliance with the measures to distribute the distribution of the Coronavirus Covid-19 on the jobs. The social inspectors have been adhered to a confidentiality obligation (art. 58 Social Criminal Code). The cooperation agreement for advice submitted to the Data Protection Authority (Advice no. 66/2021 of 6 May 2021), the Flemish Supervision Committee for the processing of personal data (Advice no. 2021/ 33 of 11 May2021), The Council of State (Advice 69.323/VR, 69.324/VR, 69.331/VR and 69.336/VR of 17 May 2021), The Management Committee of the National Social Security Service (30 April 2021), the Flemish Council Welfare , Public Health Family (Advice of 10 May 2021), the Inter-Franstal Consultation Body and the Intra-Fran-speaking Ministerial Committee for Consultation (5 May 2021). The editors of the provisions of the cooperation agreement as well as the general and article -by -article explanation was refined in the light of these recommendations. Articles of use 1 article 1 contains a number of definitions. The description of the Dis starting agreements of 25 August 2020 and 24 March 2021 aim to prevent the text from becoming too heavy due to the repetition. The concepts "Database I", "Cluster", "Collectivity", and "Passing category II" have the same meaning as in the cooperation agreement of 25 August 2020For the concepts "PLF" and "Datatensbank PLF", reference is made to the cooperation agreement of 24 March 2021. The identification number of social security is also defined. The INSZ number is either a single-rich register number or a BIS number. Taking into account the advice No 66/2021 (points13, 18, 33 and 55) of the Data Protection Authority (hereinafter also shortened: GBA) and the Advies van deraad van State (69.3336/VR, 10.3.1), it was preached to which with which Data is linked and what the origin is of this data. To this end, the concepts "identification data", "residence data" and "employment data" were accurately described. In this way, the advice of the GBA (no. 66/2021, points 19, 37 and 59) was also followed to describe the employment data more accurately.art. 2. Article 2 provides the essential elements of the supporting processing through the National Social Security Office in the capacity of processor, of certain personal data of infected persons published by the competent entities, each with their authority, acting as a processing manager, with a view to tracing And investigations of clusters and collectivities to combat the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19. Specifically, the National Social Security Office receives data from Sciensano data from the index cases (identity of the infected person, date of positive test, zip code). The National Social Security Office then links the index cases with the identification and employment data of the employee or self-employed person. The result of this processing is delivered to debited regional health services on a daily basis. It is a list of the following information:*At which company and at which location (yard/operating boiler) an infected person has worked in the past two weeks; * the number of people who were employed in the past days; *how many people from the company or at the location have tested positively in the past two weeks; *whether the company belongs to the risk sectors determined by the competent regional services; *Additional information such as the name of the company, the address and prevention services (as contact persons). A first essential element concerns the purposes of this processing, in particular the support of detecting and investigating clusters and collectivities with a view to the fight against the spreading from the Coronavirus Covid-19. The recommendation of the GBA (Advice no. 66/2021, point 15) to add a reference to COVID-19's processing to be added to the formulation of the processing. The National Service for Social Security acts as a processor for the competent federated entities or the agencies designated by debit -entitled entities, each of which acts as a processing manager for their authority. Following the advice of the GBA (no. 66/2021, point 22), of the VTC (no. 2021/33 of 11 May 2021) and the advice of the Council of State (69.336/VR, 13.1), becoming competent federated entities, each of which act as a controller within their authority, more accurately designated. To this end, the controllers were further identified in the second paragraph. The following entities or agencies 'l'Agence Pour Une Vie de Qualité (Aviq)' for the Walloon Region, the Care and Health Agency for the Flemish Community, the Joint Community Commission for the Joint Community Commission of Brussels Head of Brussels and `Dasministerium der Deutschprachigen Gemeinschaft 'for the German-speaking community. and with regard to medical prevention; (ii) Walloon Region: prior book "Prevention and promotion of health" of the Waalswetboek of September 29, 2011 of social action and health; (iii) Flemish Community: Decree from21 November 2003 on preventive health policy; and (iv) Common Community Commission: Ordinance of 19 July 2007 on preventive health policy. As a third essential element, the categories of those involved are determined. It concerns the "persons category II" as far as Coronavirus Covid-19 test showed that they are infected. Furthermore, the categories of personal data that are processed are processed. Sciensano delivers the following three personal data to the National Social Security Office: Hetinsz number, the date of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Test and the Postcode. The INSZ number is necessary for a clear identification of the person concernedFor the detection and investigation of clusters and collectivities, it is necessary that the result of the processing on the date of a (positive) COVID-19 test of the infected person concerned is linked. The message from the zip code is necessary with the eye to determine the competent federated entity. This data comes from Degatsensbank I, for which Sciensano is the controller. Database I is the database in which data is processed in the context of tracing and investigating clusters and collectivities. This 3 of the aforementioned data is processed, compared and combined with certain identification and employment data by the National Social Security Office. This link is done with a view to detecting investigations and collectivities to combat the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19, in particular those related to employment. This states that the competent federated entities in the workplace states to better detect and follow infections in the workplace as well as to take faster necessary measures on the spot for the dike of Coronavirus Covid-19 outbreaks enclusters. For the sake of completeness and in order to avoid misconceptions, it is underlined that Dersz does not process the aforementioned personal data of infected persons for other purposes. The processing worker support the supervision of compliance with the measures to limit the distribution of the Coronaviruscovid-19, by the competent social inspectors, concerns an enrichment of certain PLF data. This is further clarified in the article 4. The advice of the GBA (no. 66/2021, point 19) To delete the word "identification data" is not followed because the identification data is indispensable for a correct link with the data of a specifications. The advice of the GBA to follow the words "contact details" and "accommodation data" in Schappenwerd. In the application of this provision, no contact details of the data subject are processed. The contact details of the Contact Department (s) of the workplace that are part of the mandatory attendance registration fall (temporary and mobile construction sites as well as jobs in the meat sector), are part of the employment data , as defined in Article 1, 12 °. A fifth essential element entertain the maximum storage period. Section 3 first of all determines the maximum retention period by the Social Security (Processor) of the Personal Data from Database I. This data is not stored for longer than necessary by the National Social Security Office (Processor) and will be destroyed by 14 calendar days after receipt of this data destruction. The maximum storage period corresponds to the maximum incubation time of the coronaviruscovid-19. With a view to supporting and tracing clusters and collectivities to combat the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19, it is necessary to get a view of the infections on a certain workplace within the maximum 14 calendar days period. Such as advocated by the GBA (Advice no. 66/2021, point 27), the term is used "destroyed". The explanation of the necessity of this retention period meets the advice of the GBA (Advice No.66/2021, point 26) and the Council of State (69.336/VR, 10.4.1). In the second paragraph of paragraph3, the maximum retention period of the identification and employment data with which the NSSO is linked is specified. This results in the advice of the GBA (no. 66/2021, point 26). This data is immediately destroyed by the National Social Security Office after its processing. In view of the main data within the Network of Social Security, the experience shows that rare incidents will be discovered and treated on the day of processing and that this does not require additional assurance period. In the third paragraph, the maximum retention period of deres resulting data (after processing) is specified by the National Social Security Office. Thus follows the advice of the GBA (no. 66/2021, point 26) to clarify the maximum retention period of the created data set. The result data is not stored for longer than necessary and is destroyed no one to the third working day From the date of their notification to the competent entitlement, the agencies declined by the competent entities. This maximum retention period entered by the need to be able to detect technical incidents, to resolve lessons for the future, where appropriate.2) Furthermore, it is clarified in the dispositive that, before the result data is destroyed, this personal data is made anonymous in such a way that the person concerned or are no longer identifiable. This anonymous data may be further processed with a teog on scientific or statistical research and policy support regarding the Coronavirus COVID-19, including epidemiological monitoring by Sciensano. The advice of the Council of State (69,336/VR, 13.2) to designate the institutions that are ordered with the assignment on statistical or scientific studies on the basis of the relevant anonymized data is not followed. The importance of the scientific and statistical research on the fight against the spread of the Coronaviruscovid-19 does not seem to benefit from an exhaustive list of entities that have been (or will be ordered) with this research. The General Data Protection Regulation does not relate to the processing of such anonymous data, including for statistical or investigative purposes (see, among other things, racing 26 at the AVG). Examity in this regard is referred to in the federal powers of scientific research (art. 6bis, §§ 2 and 3 of the special law of 8 August1980 for the reform of the institutions, see also art. 4 Act 25 February 2018 establishing sciensano). Forents, the detention period for the controller is determined in the fourth paragraph. The competent entities federated and the authorized person federated Entities indicated agencies retain the personal data that result from the processing - this is the data after the RSZ enrichment - no longer than necessary for the purposes for which they are processed and destructive data at the latest 90 calendar days from the date of receipt of this data. Dezemaximal retention period is necessary in the light of the purpose of the processing since beat settings are not registered within a period of 90 calendar days as a 'new contamination'. In addition of the advice of the GBA (no. 66/2021, point 28) and the Council of State (69.336/VR, 10.4.2) was thus pronounced which retention period is intended. Finally, paragraph 4 controls the access to the processed data. In this way, the advice of the Council of State (no. 69.336/VR, 10.5) and the VTC (Advies no. 2021/223 of 11 May 2021) are followed. 3. Article 3 provides the essential elements of the supporting processing by the National Social Security Procedure in the capacity of processor, of certain data from the PLF data sofa, for the competent federated entities, who acts as a controller for each prehun. Specifically, the National Social Security Office receives daily-determined PLF data and links it with the employment data of the employee or self-employed person. For the employees or self-employed people who live or stay abroad, such as seasonal workers, the data is aggregated on the place of residence. In this way, residence with a potential health risk can be mapped. Given the often precarious residence situation of, for example, season workers, there is an increased risk of contamination and further spread of the cluster. A feasibility study was carried out for the type of processing. Only recently has one of the authorized entities formally confirmed that it wants to implement this processing in the near future, in view of the epidemiological situation. The other federated entities are also being asked about this. A Data Protection Supplementary Assessment (born) will be drawn up in accordance with Articles 35 and 36 of the General Data Protection Regulation. As noted by the Council of State (Advice no. 69.336/VR, point 11), the born must not necessarily precede the standard itself that provides for the processing. One -first essential element concerns the purposes of this processing. This processing has double-free: both the investigation and research of clusters and collectivities and the enforcement of the compulsory quarantine and testing with a view to combating the distribution of the Coronaviruscovid-13. The recommendation of the GBA (Advice no. 66/2021, point 30) to add a reference to COVID-19 in the formulation of the Doelindevan was followed. Furthermore, DEPERWERER and the controller (s) are designated. The National Social Security Office acts as a processor for the competent federated entities or the agencies that were decorated by the competent entities, which each act for their competence, as Controller. , of the VTC (no. 2021/33 of 11 May 2021) and the advice of the Council of State (69.336/VR, 131), the competent federated entities, each of which act within their authority as a controller, are designated more accurately. The controllers were further identified in the second paragraph. The following entities or agencies `L'Agence Pour une vie de Qualité (Aviq) 'for the Waalse Region, the Care and Health Agency for the Flemish Community, the common community committee of Brussels-main city and` Das Ministerium der DeutschPrachigeneinschaft 'for the German -speaking community. For the sake of completeness, reference can be made to the regulations of the competent federated entities, more specifically: (i) German -speaking community: Decree of 1 June 2004 on health promotion and on medical prevention; (ii) Waalsegewest: prior book "Prevention and promotion of health" of the Walloon Code of 29 September2011 of Social Action and Health; (iii) Flemish Community: Decree of 21 November 2003 on the preventive health policy; and (iv) Common Community Committee: Ordinance of July 1, 2007 on preventive health policy. As third, categories of those involved are determined. This concerns the self -employed employees who live or staying abroad who perform work in Belgium. This category of persons generally moves more abroad (largely movements to their home country) and logsoms in circumstances that can be a potential health risk. The competent federated entities perceptions generally about less qualitative contact details about this category of persons, taking into account that the PLF is not always filled in correctly and fully. These circumstances make that on both the detection and prosecution of clusters and collectivities and regarding the enforcement of the quarantine and testing, special attention is paid to this category of people. Subsequently, the categories of personal data that are processed. It concerns the following person data from the PLF Database, for which the Saniport service of the FPS Public Health, Safety of the Food Chain and the Environment, the Controller is: 1 ° the name and first name: necessary with a view to a unique identification of the person concerned; 2 ° Gender: this data is the minimum identification data to be able to identify a person with sufficient certainty, in the absence of existing INSZ number; 3 ° date of birth, necessary with a view to a unique activity of the person concerned; 4 ° the INSZ number, or for the persons to whom no INSZ-number reaching. The contacting of certain people, through any possible way of communication, including telephone, e-mail or via physical visit (where appropriate visits to the collectivity) is essential Methet an eye on detecting and investigating clusters and collectivities. Also for the follow -up of the compulsory quarantine and testing it is necessary that the competent federated entities can contact the persons involved to check whether they comply with quarantine and testing to verify whether everything goes well with them; 6 ° residence address, is necessary in the event of a physical visit (where appropriate visits to the collectivity) in the context of detecting and investigating clusters and collectivities. For the enforcement of the compulsory quarantine and testing, it is necessary to know at which address the person concerned wishes to stay in quarantine; 7 ° e-mail address: The communication from the e-mail address is prompted by the need to reach persons in certain situations, with a view to detecting and investigating clusters and collectivities, to be reached through the possible way of communication, including by e-mail ; 8 ° designation or involved deal will not stay in Belgium for longer than 48 hours; Since this parameter is decisive for deciding whether or not the person concerned should go into quarantine and/or if one has to be tested; 9 ° indication whether or not it concerns a professional journey; This fact is relevant to professional trips other rules apply on the basis of which it is decided whether or not to go into quarantine; 10 °, where appropriate, the certificate number of the professional trip; This fact is relevant since the explanation (for honor) of the professional character is not sufficientWithout this certificate nummeran a trip will not be considered professional; 11 ° indication whether the person concerned is already a resident of Belgium; Some rules regarding quarantine and testing can differ depending on whether or not to be a resident of Belgium; 12 ° indication or the person concerned, whether or not for 48 hours of abroad; This fact is in relation to the relevant duration of the stay in the Buitenland, one of the determining factors is for the quarantine obligation; 13 ° Land, and or countries and, where appropriate, the region or regions abroad where the person concerned has stayed; this fact is relevant in view of other rules, according to the epidemiological situation of the rested country or region; 14 ° start and end date of the stay abroad, this data a relevant indicator to go the epidemiological situation at the time of staying abroad, as a result of which the COVID-19 measures can differ upon return to Belgium; 15 ° the date of arrival in Belgium, Is relevant since the data of quarantine and testing is based on this. This 3 of the aforementioned data can be processed, compared and combined by the National Social Security Officer for the Processor for the Processor to be de-authorized entities with certain identification, employment and accommodation data, with the eye on the detection and investigation of clusters and collectivities, in particular those related to employment, a lsook with a view to the enforcement of the compulsory quarantine and testing with a view to combating the spread of the coronaviruscovid-19. The advice of the GBA (no. 66/2021, points 34-36) to delete the word "identification data" does not follow because the identification data is indispensable for a correct link with the data of a specific data subject. The advice of the GBA to delete the words "contact details" and "accommodation data" was followed. In application of this provision, no contact details of the person concerned is processed by the National Social Security Office. The contact details of the contact person (s) of the jobs fall under the mandatory attendance registration (temporary and mobile construction sites and jobs in the meat sector) are part of the employment data, as defined in Article 1, 12 °. Given to the advice of the GBA (no. 66/2021, point 37) to describe the employment data accelerator. Section 3 provides for the possibility of providing the PLF data at the Executive Collaboration Agreement, and this only in the event of a change in the PLF. Considering case, a new data protection effects assessment is being carried out prior to processing in accordance with Articles 35 and 36 of the General Data Protection Regulation. Following the advice of the GBA (no. 66/2021, points 42 and 43) and of the Council of State (69.336/VR, 10.3.3), the possibility of supplementing or changing the data with executive collaboration agreement was scattered because because The size of such delegation is not acceptable in the light of the principle of legality in Article 22 of the Constitution. Only the possibility of further concretization of category objectives in the executive cooperation agreement of categories of personal data and objectives are already determined in the cooperation agreement. Article 3, § 3, became according to the correspondence. A fifth essential element concerns the maximum storage period. Following the advice from the GBA (no. 66/2021, points 45-47) and of the Council of State (69.336/VR, 10.4.1 and 10.4.2), the maximum retention period was formulated more accurately and explained in various points .Paragraaf 4, first paragraph, first of all determines the maximum retention period by the National Social Security Office (Processor) of the person data from the PLF database. The PLF data is stored by the National Social Security Office (Processor) than necessary and will be deleted on the Belgian territory at the latest 28 calendar days after the date of arrival of Debewokkene. The maximum retention period of 28 calendar days a necessary period to adequately get the potential health risk that is co -related to the stay of the employee or self -employed person living abroad. This potential health risk also depends on the duration of the stay and Van Dehiermee related frequency of relocation and arrival of people at a certain address. Although a processing of this data would be useful over a longer period, it was deliberately opted for not exceeding the initial retention period of the PLF data in the PLF data bench as stipulated in the cooperation agreement of 24 March 2021In the second paragraph, the maximum retention period is the National Social Security Office of the identification, employment and accommodation data that is linked. This data is destroyed by the National Social Security Office immediately after its processing. In view of the main issue of data within the Network of Social Security, the experience shows that rarer incidents are discovered and treated immediately and that does not require additional storage period. In the third paragraph, the maximum retention period is specified by the National Social Security Office (after processing). Thus follows the advice of the GBA (no. 66/2021, point45) to also clarify the maximum retention period of the created data set. The result data by the National Social Security Office is no longer stored than necessary and are destroyed no later than the third working day at the date of their notification to the competent federated entities and the authorized federated entities indicated. This maximum storage period is entered by the need to be able to detect, resolve and draw lessons for the future, where appropriate. Furthermore, the maximum retention period of the result data is determined for the controllers in function of the purpose of the processing. The federated entities and the agencies specified by the competent entities stated by the resulting data are processed with a view to tracing and investigating clusters and collectivities to combat the distribution of the COVID-19 Coronavirus no longer than necessary and destroy this data at the latest 90 calendar days Calculate from the date of receipt. This maximum retention period is necessary in the light of the purpose of the processing since infections are not registered as a 'new infection' within a term of 90 calendar days. The maximum storage of the result data that is processed with a view to maintaining the compulsory quarantine entesting takes place in accordance with Article 5 of the Cooperation Agreement of 24 March 2021. Furthermore, paragraph 5 regulates the possibility of transferring the result data by the federated entitiesan the local authorities and by the local authorities and by The federated entities or the local authorities to the police services. This is done in accordance with Article 3, § 2, of the cooperation agreement of 24 March 2021 and corresponding regulations of the federated entities. To the Slot, paragraph 6 arranges the access to the dewerked data. In this way, the advice of the Council of State (no. 69.336/VR, 10.5) and the VTC (Advies no. 2021/223 of 11 May 2021) are followed. 4. Article 4 provides for the further processing by the National Social Security Office in the capacity of Controlling Responsible for certain data from the PLF database, with a view to supporting supervision of the competent social inspectors for compliance with the COVID-19 Measures The jobs. Specific receptions, the National Social Security Office is daily determined PLF data, which he links to the employment data of de-travel employee or self-employed person. These persons are divided into three categories. A first category account the employees or self -employed people who carry out work in Belgium, including, for example, seasonal workers. A second category concerns the persons who are indicated in the system of attendance registration (check-in at work). A third category includes other persons who can be linked to a company or operating boiler. On the other hand, essential element concerns the purposes of this processing, in particular supervision by debt social inspectors on compliance with the measures against the distribution of the Coronaviruscovid-19 on the jobs. Furthermore, the controller is indicated. Derijksdienst voor Social Security acts as a controller for this further processing. As a third party, the categories of those involved are determined. It is about deposits who are obliged to fill in the PLF. The advice of the Flemish Supervision Committee The processing of Personalgegegevnes (Advice no. 2021/33 of 11 May 2021) to limit the category of those involved for this processing and/or to engage a service integrator is not followed. This point of the advice appears to be based on incomplete information. As also explicitly stated in Debaadszelding No. 20/178 of the Information Safety Committee of December 1, 2020, amended on 18 January2021, the Crossroad Bank for Social Security is between for this processing of personal dataMoreover, it is always first checked whether the person concerned is known as an active employee or self-employed person, before the PLF data is linked to employment data. If this is not the case, then no link will happen and the processing stops immediately. The categories of personal data are then described that are processed. This data is more limited than the PLF data that is processed in the application of Article 3 for the competent federated entities, in view of the elimination of the processing. While the residence address, the telephone numbers and the e-mail adrester are serving to reach the person concerned with a view to the investigation and investigation of clusters and collectivities as well as with a view to maintaining the compulsory quarantine entesting to spread the Coronavirus To combat COVID-19, this data is not in the pocket of the controls by the competent social inspectors for compliance with the COVID-19 measures on the workplace. This concerns the following personal data from the PLF Database, for which Saniport service of the FPS Public Health, Food Chain Safety and Environment, the Controller's Controller: 1 ° The name and first name: Necessary in view of a unique identification of the person concerned; 2 ° slaughtered : This fact is one of the minimum identification data to be able to identify a person with full certainty, in the absence of existing INSZ number; 3 ° date of birth, necessary with a view to a unique identification of the person concerned; 4 ° the INSZ number, or for the persons to whom no INSZ number was assigned, their passport or identity card number, necessary with a view to the unique identification of the person concerned; 5 ° designation or involved deal will not stay in Belgium for longer than 48 hours: this fact is used as a filter so that the person data of persons who do not stay in Belgium for longer than 48 hours are not processed; 6 ° indication or whether or not a professional trip Re; This fact is relevant to professional trips other rules apply on the basis of which it is decided whether or not to go into quarantine. Personalie are in quarantine, can telecommuting, if the function is telephotisable, may not be in principle not to go to the workplace, unless an exception applies to them; 7 ° in an occasion, the certificate number of the professional journey; This fact is relevant since the statement (by honor) of the professional nature is not sufficient. Without this certificate number, a travel cannot be considered professional; 8 ° indication whether or not the person concerned is a residents' Belgium; Some rules regarding quarantine and testing can differ depending on whether one is DANNOW in Belgium. Persons who are in quarantine can, if the Telewerkbaaris function function, may in principle not be on the workplace, unless an exception applies to them; 9 ° designation or the person concerned has stayed 48 hours abroad; This data in this regard, in view of the duration of the stay abroad one of the determining factors is for the quarantine obligation. Persons in quarantine can be telecommuting, if the functional work is workable, but may in principle not be at the workplace, unless they are the exceptional accompanying; 10 ° country, and / or countries and, where appropriate, the region or regions in the abroad the person concerned has stayed; This fact is relevant in view of other rules according to deepidemiological situation of the country or region concerned; 11 ° start and end date of the stay abroad; This fact is a relevant indicator for the epidemiological situation to find out the moment of stay abroad, so that the COVID-19 measures can vary in Belgium; 12 ° arrival date in Belgium is relevant since the data of quarantine and testing are based on this. This selection of PLF data is linked by the National Social Security Office to identification and employment data with a view to supervision by the competent social inspectors for compliance with the measures against the distribution of the Coronaviruscovid-13 on the jobs. The advice of the GBA (no. 66/2021, points 55-58) To delete the word "identity data" was not followed because the identification data is indispensable for a correct link with the data of a specific person concerned, taking into account that the completed PLF form sum contains inaccuracies. The principle of correctness on processing of personal data (art. 5.1, d, AVG) is justified in this processing of identification data. The advice of the GBA to delete the words "contact details" was followedIn application of this provision, no contact details of the person concerned processed by the National Social Security Office. The contact details of the contact person (s) of the jobs that fall under the mandatory attendance registration are part of the work data, as defined in Article 1, 12 °. The advice of the GBA (points 13 and 55) to specify with which the aforementioned PLF data is linked, where they come from EnWie, was followed by the categories of employment and identification-given definitions in Article 1. So it also became Given the advice of the GBA (no. 66/2021, point 59) to describe the employment data more accurately. This must be emphasized that it is always about indications that are always verified by the social inspectors, whereby the people involved have the opportunity to make their position known. In the individual decision -making, there is always a substantial human intervention, in which, in addition to the indications, other elements are also considered resulting. The intervention of competent officials is required for the determination of infringements. The Flemish supervisory committee for the processing of personal data, therefore, rightly, concludes that it is not about automated individual decision -making as referred to in Article 22 of the AVG (Advice no. 2021/33 of 11 May 2021, point 46). A fifty element concerns the maximum custody period, both, both of the PLF data, the identification and employment data as of the personal data of the result processing. Following the advice from the GBA (no. 66/2021, point 65), various elements of the maximum retention period were explained and explained more detailed. Section 4, first paragraph, foresees that the NSSO will keep the PLF data for longer than necessary for the purposes for which it is processed these personal data by the National Social Security Office at the latest 28 calendar days from the date of arrival of Debetrokene on the Belgian territory. This maximum retention period is prompted by the necessity of efficient supervision of compliance with the COVID measures at the workplace. Instruments can also be determined by the competent social inspectors after the period of quarantine. Although the processing of result data would be very useful even after the period of 28 calendar days after arrival of the person concerned, it was deliberately opted for the initial retention period in the PLF data bench as determined in the cooperation agreement of 24 March 2021. , In response to the advice of the Flemish Supervision Committee for the processing of personal data (no. 2021/33 of 11 May 2021, point 58), confirmed that the National Social Security Office will not correct the "own data" or supplement or supplement on the basis of the PLF data . In the second paragraph, the maximum retention period is further determined by the National Social Security Office of the identification and employment data. This data is destroyed by the date of processing by the National Social Security Office. In view of the mainly data within the VANSOCIAL security network, the experience shows that rare incidents are discovered immediately and this does not treat an additional maximum retention period. Subsequently, the Member stipulates that the National Social Security Office destroys the result data (after processing) on ​​the date of the communication of it the social inspectors. In Article 4, § 4, fourth paragraph, the maximum retention period of the result data is preached by the competent social inspectors. They keep the result data longer than necessary for the purposes of the processing and destroy the data at the latest 28 calendar days after the date of arrival of the person concerned on Belgian territory. The maximum retention period entered by the need for efficient supervision of compliance with the COVID measures at the work location. After all, infringements can also be determined after the period of quarantine. Although a processing of result data would be very useful even after the period of 28 calendar days after arrival of the person concerned, it was deliberately opted for the initial retention period of data in the PLF data bench as stipulated in the cooperation agreement of 24 March 2021, not exceeded TOOT Slot arranges paragraph 5 the transfer by the National Social Security Office resulting from this processing. The NSSO can only communicate the result data to the social inspectors of the services and institutions that are competent in accordance with Article 17, § 2, first paragraph of the Social Criminal Code for supervising the measures to combat the distribution of the coronavirus at the workplace and this only for the same objective of this supervisionThis concerns the social inspectors of the following services and institutions: the National Service for Social Sea (RSZ), the General Directorate of Supervision of the Social Laws of the Federal Public Service Employment, Labor and Social Consultation (FPS WASO), the General Directorate of Supervision of the Welfare at the work of Defod WASO, the National Employment Service (RVA), Fedris, the National Institute for Sickness and Invalidity Insurance (RIZIV) and the National Institute for the Social Insurance of the Self-employed (RSVZ). This transmission is recorated since the social inspectors of these services and institutions are also competent for the supervision, and joint checks are also carried out by social inspectors from different institutions. Art. 5. article 5 regulates the settlement of dispute in between the parties by a cooperation dish.art. 6. Article 6 The Interministeri -Conference Public Health is in order to supervise the implementation and compliance with the provisions of the Collaboration Agreement and to propose adjustments. Art. 7. article 7 Determined entry into force and the extra effect of the provisions of this cooperation agreement and provides the possibility of revision or cancellation thereof. This cooperation agreement comes into effect on the date of publication in the Belgian Official Gazette, with the exception of Article 2 Article 2, just like Article 11 of the Ministerial Decree of 22 August 2020 has amended by the Ministerial Decree of 30 June 2020 on urgent measures to spread the distribution of The Coronavirus COVID-19TE Limits, elaboration with effect from 1 September 2020. The partial retroactivity is tailored to the date of entry into force of the corresponding determination of the decision of the Minister of the Interior containing the urgent measures to spread the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19TE . Just as Article 11 of the Ministerial Decree of 22 August 2020 of the Ministerial Decree of 30 June 2020 of 30 June 2020 containing urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19, elaboration with effect from 1 September 2020. Thus, the justice seeker thus prior to the processing at the amount of the processing. Held on these conditions, the retroactive entry into force of Article 2 is indispensable for the achievement of an objective of general interest, namely to combat the distribution of the Coronaviruscovid-19.Tue advice of the Council of State (69.336/VR, 15) To provide retroactive effect to Article 4 of the Cooperation Agreement, was followed. [31.05.2021] Cooperation agreement interrelated by the Federal State, the Flemish Community, the German -speaking Community Commission on Special processing of personal data ME The eye for tracing and investigating clusters and collectivities, with a view to the enforcement of compulsory quarantine and testing and with a view to supervising compliance by the competent social inspectors of the measures to spread the Coronavirus COVID-19 against to go on the jobs -transmission Regulation (EC) Nr2016/679 of the European Parliament and the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons in connection with the processing of personal data and on the free movement of that data and to withdrawal of directive95/48/EC; in view of the special law of 8 August 1980 for the reform of the institutions, articles5, § 1, I and 6bis, § 2, 1 ° and 2 °, and 92bis; to continue to be the authority of the Federalestate; in view of the Collaboration Agreement of 25 August 2020 between the Federal State, the Flemish Community, the Walloon Region, the German -speaking community and the common community committee, regarding the joint data processing by Sciensano and the by the competent federated entities or contact centers designated by the competent agencies, Zoo norths inspections and mobile teams in the framework of a contact survey among people who (presumably) with the Coronavirus Covid-19 infectious on the basis of a database at Sciensano; In view of the Collaboration Agreement of 24Maart 2021 between the federal state, the Flemish Community, the Walloon Region, the German -speaking community, the common community committee on the data transfer of necessary data string the federated entities, local authorities or police services with the aim of maintaining the obligatory quarantaine or testing of travelers; in view of the law of 4 August 1996 on the welfare of employees in the performance of their work; Whereas the Writing of the Data Protection Authority of 2 February 2021 to all Belgian governments and parliaments in which requires to ensure that the measures taken in the fight against the Coronavirus respect defunior data protection principles; Considering the necessity of a legal securities legally legal framework regarding the processing of personal data in the context of the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19; Whereas the essential elements of such processing of personal data pursuant to Article 6.3 of the General Data Protection Regulation, read together with Article 22 of the Constitution and Article 8 of the ECHR must be clearly and accurately determined; Whereas this cooperation agreement has been concluded with respect for the division of authority that were assigned to the different levels of different laws under the special law to reform the institutions thanks to an intense cooperation in the lap of the inter -ministerial relentance that fits in with a long tradition of cooperation within the interministerial conference interpreter'sness. different levels of competence of our country; whereas both the contact examination and the enforcement of the corona measures on the workplace of vital interest for public health and for the avoidance of a re-flashing of the COVID-19 Pandemie; it is necessary to conclude a cooperation agreement between Federalestate , represented by the federal government, in the person of Alexander De Croo, Prime Minister, and Frank Vandenbroucke, Vice-first minister and Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health; Devlamic Community, representative by the Flemish Government, in the person of Jan Jambon, Prime Minister of the Flemish Government and Flemish Minister of Foreign Affairs, Culture, IT and Facility Management, and Wouter Beke, Flemish Minister for Welfare, Public Health, Family and Poverty Reduction; Hetwaalse Regest , represented by his government, in the person of Elio Di Rupo, Prime Minister of the Walloon Government and Christie Morreale, Vice-Minister President of the Walloon Government and Minister's Work, Training, Health, Social Action, Equal Opportunities and Women's Rights; the German-speaking community, represented by his government in the person of Oliver Paasch, Prime Minister of Local Directors and Finance and Antonios Antoniadis, Vice-Minister and Minister of Health and Social Affairs, Spatial Planning and Housing, the Commission Commission, represented by the Fellow Commission, represented College in the person of Rudi Vervoort, chairman of Het Vever IGD College and Alain Maron and Elke van den Brandt, members charged with health and well -being; hereby referred to the parties; have agreed what follows: Article 1For the application of this cooperation agreement is understood by: 1 ° "Collaboration Agreement of 25 August 2020": The cooperation agreement of 25 August 2020 between the Federal State, the Vlaamsgegenschap, the Walloon Region, the German -language Community and the Joint Community Commission, regarding the joint data processing by Sciensano and the contact centers designated by the competent entities or by the competent agencies, health inspections and mobile teams in the framework of a contact survey among persons who (presumably) with the Coronavirus Covid-19 infectious on the basis of a sciensano database; 2 ° "Collaboration Agreement of 24 March 2021": The Cooperation Agreement of 24 March 2021 between the Federal State, the Flemish Community, the Walloon District, the German -speaking Community and the common Community Commission on the Data Transfer of Necessary Data to the Federated Entities, the Local Studies or Police Services Metals goal to maintain the compulsory quarantine or testing of travelers coming from foreign zones with whom a quarantine or testing is mandatory upon arrival in Belgium; 3 ° "Datatensbanki": The Datatensbank founded at Sciensano referred to in Article 1, § 1, 6 °, of the Cooperation Agreement of 25 August 2020; 4 ° "Cluster": A concentration of persons infected or possibly infected with the Coronavirus COVID-19 in collectivities referred to in Article 1, § 1, 2 °, of the cooperation agreement of 25 August 2020; 5 ° "Collectivity": a community of persons with regard to the competent health inspections judge that there is an increased risk of spreading the Coronavirus COVID-19, referred to in Article 1, § 1, 3 °, of the Cooperation Agreement of 25 August 2020; 6 ° "Persons Category II": The persons whose Coronavirus Covid-19-Testis carried out referred to in Article 1, § 1, 14 °, of the cooperation agreement of 25 August 2020; 7 ° "Passenger Locator Form (PLF)": form that travelers prior to their journey must be filled and, where appropriate, to submit to the carrier prior to boarding in Article 1, 1 °, of the cooperation agreement of 24 March 2021; 8 ° "Database PLF": the database, founded at the Federal Public Service Public Health, Safety of the Food Chains Environment, referred to in Article 1, 4 °, of the Cooperation Agreement of 24 March 2021; 9 ° "Insz number": The identification number intended In Article 8, § 1, 1 ° or 2 °, of the Act of 15 January 1990 establishing and organization of a crossroads bank of social security; 10 ° "identification data": the identification number of the person concerned, as well as, where appropriate, exclusively insin Necessary in view of the correct identification of the person concerned, the following basic identification data: the name, first name, the date of birth, the birthplace, the gender and address. The identification number information either the national register number referred to in art. 2, § 3, of the Law of 8 August 1983 to regulation of a National Register of Natural Persons, from the National Register of natural persons referred to in Article 1 of the aforementioned Law of 8 August 1983 managed by the Federal Public Service Binnenland Affairs, either for the Persons that were not included in the aforementioned National Register, the identification number of the Kruispuntbank referred to in art. 2, § 1, 2 °, of the law of 15 January1990 establishing and organization of a crossroads bank of social security from the intersection bank registers referred to in Article 4 of the aforementioned law of 15 January 1990 managed by the Crossrunt Bank of Social Security; 11 ° "residence data": data that relates to the place (s) where the person concerned is in Belgium from the aforementioned national register managed by the Federal Public Service Home Affairs or the aforementioned Kruispuntbank Registers managed the Crossroads Bank of the Social Security; 12 ° "employment data": data in the duration, the location, the employment sector, the employer and/or client, the Protection Service on work, as well as, when and insofar as the obligation on attendance registration bed in Chapter 5, Section 4 , of the law of 4 August 1996 on the well -being of the employee at the execution of their work or chapter 2, Section 1, of Title 2 of the Program Act of 10 August2015, the contact details of the contact person (and ) of the construction site or workplaceThis employment data comes from the following data sofas: a) The employer repertory, managed by the National Social Security Service; b) the database regarding the immediate declaration of employment managed by the National Social Security Service referred to in the Royal Decree of 5 November 2002 in the introduction of an immediate declaration of employment, applying Article 38 of the Act of 26 July 1996 to modernize social security and to indemnify the liveability of the statutory pension systems; c) the database regarding seconded employees and self -employed persons managed by the National Social Security Service and the National Institute for the Social Insurance of the Self -Employed referred to in Article 163 of the Program Act (i) of 27 December 2006; (d) the database regarding the multifunctional reports managed by the National Service for Social Security referred to in Article 21 of the Act of 27 June 1969 revision of the Decision Act of 28 December 1944 on the social security of the workers; e) the Algemeenrepertorium of independent workers is managed by the National Institute for the Social Insurance Self -employed as referred to in Article 21, § 2, 2 °, of the Royal Decree of 19 December1967 on General Regulations in implementation of Royal Decree No. 38 of 27 July 1967, establishing the social status of the self -employed; f) the database regarding the attendance registration granted by the Federal Public Service Employment, Labor and Social Consultations referred to in Article31ter, § 2, of the Act of 4 August 1996 on the well -being of employees in the implementation of their work and Article 6, § 1, third party paragraph, 1 °, of the Program Act of 10 August 2015; g) The database regarding the declaration of works managed by the National Social Security Service in Article 30 of the Royal Decree of 27 December 2007 of the implementation of Article 53 of the Code of the amicable and forced collection of tax and non-tax claims and Vande Articles 12, 30bis and 30ter of the law of 27 June 1969 revision of the Decree Act of 28 December1944 on the social security of the workers and of Article 6ter of the law of 4 August1996 on the well -being of employees in the performance of their work. Art. 2. §1. With a view to supporting the detection and investigation of clusters and collectivities to combat the distribution of the COVID-19 Coronavirus, the National Social Security Service can be the capacity of processor for the competent entities or the agencies designated by competent entities, Each to act as a controller for their authority, the personal data specified in paragraph 2 from Datatensbank I of persons category II insofar as the Decree-Savirus COVID-19 test that they are infected, process, merge and compare with identification and employment data. The competent federated entities or the agencies designated by the competent federated entities, each for their authority, act as a processing manager. pen: 1 ° for the Walloon Region: L'Agence pour une vie de Qualité; 2 ° for the Flemish Community: the Care and Health Agency; 3 ° for the German-speaking Community: DAS Ministerium der Deutschsprachigen Gemeinschaft; 4 ° for the Community Commission of Brussels-Capital: the Common Community Committee.§ 2. The personal data from Diseas Bank I. , referred to in paragraph 1, concern: 1 ° the INSZ number; 2 ° the date of the Coronavirus Covid-19 test; 3 ° the zip code. § 3. The Personal Data from Database I is not stored by the fronteler service no longer than necessary for the purposes for which it is processed and will be destroyed 14 calendar days from the date of receipt of this personal data. The identification data and employment data referred to in paragraph 1 are immediately after The processing vas Destroyed by the aforementioned National Service. The personal data that resulted from the processing intended in paragraph 1 are made anonymous by the aforementioned National Service that the person concerned or are no longer identifiable with a view to further processing of anonymous data pre -scientific or statistical research and policy support Regarding the Coronavirus COVID-19, metin concept of epidemiological monitoring by SciensanoThe personal data that resulted in the processing referred to in paragraph 1, by the aforementioned National Service at the latest on the third working day from the date of notification to the federated entities and the agencies designated by the federated entities. The competent entities and the competent federated entities indicated agencies keep the personal data that resulting the processing referred to in paragraph 1 no longer than necessary for the purposes for which side is processed and destroy this data at the latest 90 calendar days from the date of reception of this personal data. § 4. The competent federated entities and dedoor have the competent federated entities designated agencies, each for their own competence, only access to the personal data resulting from the processing referred to in paragraph 1 in paragraph 1. Personal data that resulting from the processing referred to in paragraph 1 can only take place insofar as the tasks imposed on them for the realization of the processing purposes specified in paragraph 1 can only take place. 3. § 1. With a view to supporting and investigating cluster collectivities and with a view to maintaining the compulsory quarantine and testing to combat the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Processor for the benefit of the competent entities federated or the agencies, which were rejected by the competent federated entities, which, each of their competence, act as a controller, the personal data determined in paragraph 2 from the PLF database of the employees and self -employed people who are staying abroad exert activities in Belgium, process, merge and compare with identification, employment and accommodation data. The authorized entities or the agencies who have been federated by the competent entities, each for their competence, act as a controller for the processing of the processing of The personal data that results from the processing referred to in the first paragraph. It is more specifically about the following entities or agencies: 1 ° for the Walloon Region: L'Agence Pour une vie de Qualité; 2 ° for the Flemish Community: the Care and Health Agency; 3 ° for the German-speaking community: Das Ministerium der Deutschsprachigen Gemeinschaft; 4 ° for the common Community Community Pan Brussels-Capital: the Joint Community Commission. § 2. The personal data from the PLF database referred to in paragraph 1 concern: 1 ° name and first name; 2 ° slaughtered; 3 ° date of birth; 4 ° the INSZ number or, for the persons to whom noinsz number was assigned, passport or identity card number; 5 ° telephone number (s); 6 ° residence address; 7 ° e-mail address; 8 ° indication or the person concerned will or may not stay in Belgium for 48 hours; 9 ° indication of whether or not a professional travel break; 10 °, where appropriate, the certificate number of the professional trip; 11 ° an indication of whether or not the person concerned is a resident of Belgium; 12 ° indication or involved deal then did not stay 48 hours abroad; 13 ° land or countries and, in the event, the region or regions abroad where the person concerned has stayed; 14 ° start and end date of the stay abroad; 15 ° arrival date in Belgium. §3. In accordance with Article 7, paragraph 5, of the Cooperation Agreement of 24 March 2021 and without prejudice to the application of Article 7, first, second and third paragraph of the same cooperation agreement, Departies can, in the event of amendment to the PLF, the personal data referred to in paragraph 2 , Retising by Executive Collaboration Agreement as provided for in Article 92bis, § 1, third paragraph, of the Special Act of 8 August 1980 for the reform of the institutions. § 4. The personal data from the PLF Database is not stored by the aforementioned National Service no longer than necessary for the purposes for which they are processed and are destroyed at the latest 28 calendar days from the date of arrival of the person concerned on the Belgian territory. The identification, employment - and residence data referred to in paragraph 1 will be destroyed immediately after its processing by the aforementioned National Service by the National Service for Social Sea. communication to the competent federated entity the agencies specified by the competent entitiesThe competent federated entities and the agencies that have been federated by the competent entities preserve the personal data that result from the processing referred to in paragraph 1 and which they process with a view to detecting clusters and collectivities to combat the distribution of the Coronavirus-19, non-langer Necessary for the purposes for which they are processed and and and destroy this data appearance 90 calendar days from the date of receipt of this personal data. Debt-federated entities and the agencies specified by the competent entities retained the personal data that result from the processing referred to in paragraph 1 and which they process with the eye to maintain the compulsory quarantine and testing to combat the distribution of the coronavirus-19 in accordance with Article 5 of the cooperation agreement of 24 March 2021.§ 5. The personal data resulting from the processing referred to in paragraph 1 may, in accordance with article 3, § 2, of the Cooperation Agreement of 24 March 2021 and the regulations of the federated entities, are by the federated entities communicated to the local authorities and by the federated entities and local authorities to the police services either in accordance with the regulations of the federated entities or in the event of suspicion that the quarantine is not complied with, which process these personal data with a view to follow -up and the handha caught the mandatory quarantine and testing.§ 6. The competent federated entities and the entities federated by the competent agencies have, each for their own competence, only access to the personal data that resulting the processing referred to in paragraph 1 for the provisions of paragraph 1 Processing purposes. Milk access from individuals to the personal data that resulting from the processing referred to in paragraph1 can only take place insofar as necessary for the tasks imposed on them for achieving the processing purposes specified in paragraph 1. 4. § 1. With a view to the supervision of the jobs referred to in Article 16, 10 °, of the Social Criminal Code by the social inspectors referred to in Article 17, § 2, first paragraph, of the Social Criminal Code on compliance with the measures to the to limit the Coronavirus COVID-19, the National Service Presocial Certainty may, in the capacity of controller, the personal data determined in paragraph 2 of the PLF database of persons to fill in the PLF, further process, merge and compare with Identification and employment data. § 2. The personal data from the PLF database referred to in paragraph 1 concern: 1 ° name and first name; 2 ° slaughtered; 3 ° date of birth; 4 ° INSZ number, or, for the persons whom no similar INSZ number was assigned: the passport or identity card number; 5 ° indication or the person concerned will stay in Belgium for more than 48 hours; 6 ° indication or the value will not be a professional journey; 7 °, where appropriate, the certificate number of the professional journey; 8 ° indication or the person concerned, whether or not a resident of Belgium; 9 ° indication or the person concerned, whether or not for 48 hours abroad; 10 ° land or countries and where appropriate the region or regions where the person concerned has stayed abroad; 11 ° start and end date of the stay abroad; 12 ° arrival date inbelgia. § 3. The personal data resulting from the processing referred to in paragraph1 can only be communicated by the aforementioned National Service to the social inspectors of the Services or Institutions referred to in Article 17, § 2, first paragraph, of the Social Criminal Code, which are taxing with the Supervision of compliance with the jobs of the measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 for the processing purposes determined in paragraph 1.§ 4. The personal data from the PLF data bench referred to in paragraph 2 is no longer stored by the aforementioned government service then necessary for the purposes for which they are being processed and are destroyed no later than 28 calendar days after the date of arrival of the person concerned with the Belgian territory. The identification and employment data referred to in paragraph1 are no longer stored by the aforementioned National Service than necessary for the purposes for which it is processed for them and are destroyed on the date of processing thereof by the aforementioned government serviceThe person data resulting from the processing referred to in paragraph 1 are not stored by the aforementioned National Service Never for longer than necessary for the purposes for which they are processed and are destroyed to the competent social inspectors referred to in Article 17, §2, first paragraph, of the Social Criminal Code. The personal data resulting from the processing intended in paragraph 1 is not stored no longer longer by the competent social inspectors referred to in Article 17, §2, first paragraph, of the Social Criminal Code than necessary for the purposes for which and are set aside at the latest 28 calendar days after the date of arrival of the person concerned the Belgian territory.art. 5. The disputes between the parties to this cooperation agreement with regard to the interpretation or implementation of this cooperation agreement are presented in collaborative court, within the meaning of Article 92bis, § 5 of the Special Law of 8 August1980 for the reform of the institutions. The members of this Judicial College are respectively decided by the Council of Ministers, the Flemish Government, the Government of the German -speaking Community, the Spring College of the Joint Community Commission and the Walloon Government. The operating costs of the Courte College are equally distributed among the Federal State, the Flemish Community, the German speaking community, the common community committee and the Walloon Region.Art. 5. §1. The Interministerial Public Health Conference supervises the implementation and compliance with this cooperation agreement and, if necessary, submits proposals for adjustment. The InterministeriëleConference Public Health also performs a mediation function within the framework of this cooperation agreement before being submitted to a partnership as determined in Article 5. §2. The Interministerial Public Health Conference meets as soon as a party requests the cooperation agreement. 6. This Collaboration Agreement comes into effect on the Date of Announcement The Belgian Official Gazette of the last legislative act for approval of this Collaboration Agreement, with the exception of Article 2 that has elaboration with effect from 1 September 2020. This cooperation agreement has elaborated on the revision or withdrawal After the central secretary of the Consultation Committee has received the written agreement from all parties to put an end to the cooperation agreements after the announcement of a message in the Belgian Official Gazette with the confirmation of this written agreement. The measures were established by means of this cooperation agreement on the day of the publication of the Royal Decree that the end of the state of Decora Virus Covid-19 announces epidemic. Detailed in Brussels, on 31 May 2021, in one original copy. The Prime Minister, a. De Croode Vice-first minister and Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health, f. Vandenbrouckede Prime Minister of Devlamic Government and Flemish Minister for Foreign Affairs, Culture, IT and Facility Management of the Flemish Government, J. Jambonde Flemish Minister for Welfare, Public Health, Family Poverty Reduction of the Flemish Government, w. Confident Prime Minister of Dewalle Government, e. Di Rupode Vice-Minister President and Minister of Work, Training, Health, Social Action, Equal Opportunities and Women's Rights of the Walloon Government, Ch. MORREATDEMIN STUND STORY and Minister of local authorities and finances of the German-speaking community, o.paaschde vice-minister president and Minister of Health and Social Affairs, Spatial Ordinance and Housing of the Government of the German-speaking Community, a. Antoniadisdevoorzitter of the United College of the common community committee, r. Vervoortdeminister, member of the United College of the common community committee, charged with health welfare, a. Maronde Minister, member of the United College of the Commission Committee, charged with Health and Welfare, e. Van den Brandt [31.052021] Co-work agreements between the Federation State, the Flemish Community, the German-Language Community, the Walloon region and the Common Community Commission on Special Processing Personal Data for the Track and Examination of Cluster and Personal Communities, to enforce the quarantine and test obligation as well as to monitor the compliance with measures Extension of the Coronavirus Covid-19 at the workplace by the responsible social inspector all-clearing in the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic, both the contact follow-up and the tests play a weight. Rolle.The State Office for Social Security (hereinafter referred to as LSS) plays an important supportive role in the fight against Coronavirus Covi D-19. The LSS Richertim Mission of the responsible federated sub-areas (responsible for data processing) certain data with reference to infections from database I and certain PLF data, in particular with employment data. To be recognized and if necessary to proceed faster, and the enforcement of the quarantine and test obligation is made easier. The LSS also provides anonymous statistics for political decision-makers and researchers. responsible at work. In order to support this surveillance, certain TEPLF data is enriched with employment data. The aim of the presentation agreement is to create a legally secure and valid legal framework for these supporting processing of personal data by the essential elements of these processing. Responsibility point in terms of responsibility is that the authority is responsible for combating a health crisis within the limits of your own material conference. In relation to the processing of personal data Recording and investigating clusters and community communities, the communities and the Valloon region are within the framework of their powers in the area of ​​preventive medicine ( Art. 5 Section 1 Römischi Paragraph 1 No. 8 of the Special Act for the Reform of the Institutions) for the traceaption and the combating of infectious diseases and social diseases. For the sake of completeness June 1, 2004 for health promotion and medical prevention; (II) Walloon region: Introductory Book "Prevention and Health Promotion" of the Walloon Code of Code 29, 2011 for social action and health; (III) Flemish community: Dekret dated November 21, 2003 "relating to Het Preventieve Talicide" (preventive health policy); (IV) Joint Association: Ordonnance of July 19, 2007 "Relative à la politique de prévention" (prevention policy). Half -compliance is referred to the responsibilities of the federal authority in the field of scientific research (Art. 6BIS §§ 2 and 3 of the special law on reform Institutions, see also Art. 4 of the law of February 25, 2018 to create sciensano). to combat covid pandemic to combat. The federal authority is also responsible for the control of the external borders. On the basis of the above -mentioned federal responsibility can also impose conditions for entry into the territory, such as. B. fill it and carry the PLF. The obligations in relation to the isolation or quarantine of potential-infected persons and in relation to the testing of these people fall into the responsibility of the communities and the Walloon region, since the tracking and fighting of infectious diseases such as COVID-13 are part of their powers in the area of ​​preventive medicine (Art. 5 § 1 Römisch I Paragraph 1 No. 8des Special Act for the reform of the institutions). In terms of the processing of personal data to monitor the observance of the measures to contain the spread of the spread of the coronaviruscovide-19, in the workplace by the responsible social inspectors, which concerns relevant federal responsibilities, referred to Article 17 § 2 and Article 238 of the Social Criminal CodeThe conversion agreement therefore regulates aspects that fall both into the federal responsibilities and india responsibilities of the federated sub -areas. 1. Support in the tracking and examination of clusters and community communities: Enrichment of data with regard to infections of database I for the responsible federated sub-area. The purpose of this first processing artist is to support the tracking and examination of clusters and community communities in order to spread the spread of the coronavirus covid-19 to combat the responsible federated sub -areas as part of their own powers as a processing person. The LSS Handeltal's processor. The categories of data subjects are people who showed the COVID-19 test that they are infected. There are two types of category-related data. First of all, the following three personal data from Dervon Sciensano is database I: The EnSS, the date of the Covid 19 tests and the postcode of the person concerned. This data is then processed, merged and with the second type of categories of personal data, namely certain identification and employment data compared. Correct identification is required to use the following basic identification data: name, first name, date of birth, place of birth, gender and address. The employment data is the information on the duration, place, industry, employer or client, service for danger prevention and protection at work and, if necessary, if the obligation to register the attendance (limited and local construction sites and jobs in the meat sector), in order to Contact person on the construction site or at work. The database from which this dates come, as well as the positions that manage the relevant databases are specified in Article 1 No..12. and is explained in more detail in the comment on the individual articles. 2. Support for the tracking and examination of clusters and community communities as well as in the enrichment of the quarantine and test obligation: Enriching a selection of PLF data for the responsible federated partial areas of the second processing method has a double purpose: Support in the tracking and examination of clusters and community communities to combat the spread of the spread Coronaviruscovide-19 and support in enforcing the quarantine and test obligation to combat the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 by the responsible federated sub-areas. DaslSS acts as a processor. In the categories of data subjects, the workers who live abroad or who have been involved in abroad and self -employed people, who are in Belgium work, are two types of categories of personal data. First of all, it is a selection of PLF data from the PLF database managed by FöD public health, Saniport, which is listed in Article 3 § 2 and specified in the comment on the individual articles. This selection of PLF data is then processed , merged and compared with certain identification, employment and residence data defined in Article 1 no. The possibility is provided for individual articles. The possibility is to be processed in accordance with processes. Federation rten sub -areas or in the event of a downturn in non -compliance with the quarantine. The local authorities and the police services may also process the preserving data with the same goal, namely the enforcement of the quarantine and test obligation. 3Support in monitoring compliance with COVID-19 measures in the workplace by the Deprecoed Social Inspectorate purpose of this third type of processing of personal data is the monitoring of compliance with the expansion of the Coronavirus Covid-19am workplace through the in accordance with Article 17 Section 2 (1 of the Social Criminal Code responsible social interspectors. This applies both to residents of Belgium and non -residents. There are two species of categories of personal data. First of all, it is a selection of PLF data from Dervom FöD folk health, service Saniport, managed PLF database, which are specified in Article 4 § 2 and in the comment on the individual articles. This selection of PLF data is then processed, merged and with certain identification and employment data compatible in Article 1 No. 10 and 12. Explained. Lying for social intensity in the obligation to confess (Art. 58 of the Social Criminal Code). The collaboration agency of the data protection authority for the opinion (statement No. 66/2021 of May 6, 2021), the "Vlaamsezicht Commissite voor de Verwerunging van PersoonSeVen" on the statement (Statement No. 2021/33vom . May 2021), the State Council on the assessment (expert opinion No. 69.323/VR, 69.324/VR, 69.331/VR and 69.336/VR of May 17, 2021), the managing committee of the State Office for Social Security Statement (April 30, 2021 ), the "Vlaamse Raad Welzijn, Volksgezondheid en Gezin" (Flemish council for well -being, public health and family) for comment (statement of May 10, 2021), the French -speaking concert organ for the opinion and the French -speaking ministerial concert committee for concerting (May 5, 2021) . The drafting of the provisions of the related work agreement as well as the general explanations and the comments on the articles were coordinated on these statements or expert opinions. The description of the collaboration agreement from August 25, 2020 and March 24, 2021 is intended to avoid that the text is too cumbersome by repetition. The terms "database I", "Cluster", "Personal Community" and "People of Category II" have the same meaning as in the collaboration agreement of August 25, 2020. For the terms "PLF" and "PLF database", the cooperation agreement from March 24, 2021. The recognition number of social security is also defined. This EnSS is either a national registration number or a BIS number. It is stated to carry which data will be linked and where this data comes from. The terms "identification data", "residence data" and "employment data" are precisely described. The opinion of the DSB (No. 66/2021, points 19, 37 and59) is thus also followed with a more detailed description of the employment data. Art 2 Article 2 are the essential elements of the supportive processing of certain persons from database I by the LSS in the property as an application for the responsible federated sub-areas, whereby each sub-area, images of its own powers, acts as a processing person in its capacity to investigate the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19. Daily the index cases (identity of the infected person, date of the positive test, postcode) from Sciensano. The LSS then links the index felling mit to the identification and employment data of the employee concerned or self-employed. The result of this processing is transmitted daily to the responsible regional health authoritiesIt is a list of the following information:* The company or the location (construction site/company headquarters), where an infected person has worked in the past two weeks;* The number of people who have been employed there in the past few days; * The number of those in the company or at the workplace, which have been tested positively in the past two weeks, and* whether the company lists on the risk dectors defined by the responsible regional departments;* Additional information such as the name of the company, the address and prevention services (such as Contact persons). The first essential element concerns the purpose of this processing, namely the support and examination of clusters and community community fighting the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19. The recommendation of the DSB (statement No. 66/2021, point 15) to reorganize the purpose of processing with reference to the COVID-19 pandemic, the processor and the processing officer are named. The State Office for Social Security acts as a processor for the responsible federation areas or for the agencies determined by the responsible sub -areas, of which everyone acts as a processing person in terms of their own powers. In the Figure, opinion of the DSB (No. 66/2021, point 22), the statement of the VTC (No. 2021/33 of May 112021) and the report of the State Council (69.336/VR, 13.1) are the responsible partial areas, of which Each in relation to its own powers is as a processing person, referred to it more precisely. In this context, the processing officers in paragraph 2 are in more detail. In particular, these are the following places or agencies: The "Agence Pour Une Vie Dequalité (Aviq)" for the Wallonian region, the "Agenschap Zorg en Verfondheid" for the Flemish community , the joint community commission for the joint community commission in Brussels-Hauptstadt and the Ministry of the German-speaking community for the German-speaking community. Half-compliance is referred to the provisions of the responsible sub-areas and the German-speaking community: Deket of June 1, 2004 for health promotion and medical Prevention; (II) Walloon region: Introductory book "Prevention and Health Promotion" of the Walloon Code of September 29, 2011 for social action and health; (III) Flemish community: Dekret dated November 21, 2003 "relating to Het Preventieve Definitely Heidsbeid" (preventive health policy); (IV) Common Community Commission: Ordonnance of July 19, 2007 "Relative àla Politique de Prévention" (prevention policy). The third essential element is the definition of categories of data subjects. These are the "People of Category II" if the Covid 19 tester has given that they are infected, and the categories of personal data are then described that are processed. Sciensano transmits the following three personal data to the LSS: The EnSS, the date of the Covid-19 test and the postcode. The EnSS is required to clarify the person concerned. For the tracking and examination of clusters and community communities, it is necessary to link the result of processing with the date of a (positive) covid-19 tests of the person concerned. The transmission of the zip code is incorrect to determine the responsible federated sub -area. This data comes from the database, for which Sciensano is the person responsible. Database I is the database in which the data is processed and examined in the process of being followed up. This link success in terms of the tracking and examination of clusters and community communities to combat the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19, especially in connection with employment. This enabled the responsible federated sub-areas, to better recognize infection sources at the workplace and to follow up and to take the necessary measures on site in order to curb outbreaks and cluster of the Coronavirus Covid-19.The completeness and to avoid misunderstandings, it is emphasized that the LSS above is emphasized mentioned personal data of infected personal view processed for other purposesThe processing to support the monitoring of compliance with complaints to contain the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 by the responsible social inspector concerns the enrichment of certain PLF data. This is further illustrated in the explanation of the individual articles in articles 4. The statement of the DSB (No. 66/2021, point 19), in which the deletion of the concept "identification data" is required, was not followed, since the identification data is accompanied in order to establish a correct link with the data of certain data subjects. DSB, in which the deletion of the terms "contact details" and "residence data" is required, was probably followed. In the application of these provisions, no contact details of the person concerned are processed. The contact details of the contact person (s) at workplaces who have to register their attendance (limited or local construction sites as well as workplaces in the meat sector) are employment data within the meaning of Article 1 No. 12. A fifth essential element affects the maximum retention period. Paragraph 3 first defines the maximum retention period of the Indian database I contained personal data by the LSS (processor). This data is not kept by the LSS (processor) and destroyed this data at the latest 14 calendar days. The maximum retention period corresponds to the maximum incubation time of the Coronavirus Covid-19. In order to support the tracking and examination of clusters and community group combating the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19, it is necessary to have an overview of the infections that occur at certain jobs over a maximum period of 14 calendar days. As recommended by the DSB (statement No. 66/2021, point 27), the term "destroyed" is used. The declaration for the need for this retention period is in line with the statement leader DSB (statement No. 66/2021, point 26) and the expert opinion of the State Council (69.336/VR, 10.4.1). Linked identification and employment date set the LSS. This is in accordance with the statement of the DSB (No. 66/2021, point 26). This data is destroyed by the LSS immediately after processing. Since this data is mainly the network of social security, the experience shows that the rarely occurring pre -felling on the day of processing are recognized and processed so that an additional storage period is not necessary. defined by the LSS. This follows the statement of the DSB (No. 66/2021, point 26), in which it is recommended to determine the maximum retention period for the data sets created. which they were transmitted to the responsible sub -areas and the agencies determined by the responsible sub -areas. This maximum retention period is due to the use of the service, possibly to be able to recognize a technical incident, to remedy it and learn for the future. Involvement of the opinion of the State Council (69.336/VR, 13.2) is illustrated in the tenor that the result data is made before the result data The personal data vom LSS are anonymized in such a way that the persons concerned are no longer or no longer identifiable. These anonymous data can be processed for scientific or statistical research purposes and to support politics in Coronavirus Covid-19, including the epidemiological monitoring by Sciensano. The report of the State Council (69.336/VR, 13.2) is to determine the facilities that have been commissioned to carry out scientific and statistical studies based on the anonymized data. The creation of an exhaustive list of institutions that are commissioned to carry out such studies does not seem to be useful for scientific and statistical research in this area. other reasons 26 of the GDPR). February 25, 2018 for creating sciensano).The responsible federated parts areas and the sub -areas determined by the responsible feders protect the fields of processing. H. The data after the enrichment is no longer available - no longer than it is necessary for the purposes for which they are processed, and destroy them at the latest 90 calendar days after receipt. This maximum retention period is required for the purpose of processing, since infections that occur within 90 calendar days are not recorded as "new infection". As a result of the statement of the DSB (No. 66/2021, point 28) and the expert opinion of the State Council (69.336/VR, 10.4.2), it is stated that the retention period it deals with. This will follow the report of the State Council (No. 69.336/VR, 10.5) and the opinion of the VTC (statement right 2021/223 of May 11, 2021). 3 In Article 3, the significant elements of the supporting processing of certain data from the PLF database are determined by the LSS in its property as a processor of the responsible federated sub-areas, from whom Jedes acts as a processing person in terms of its own powers. In the practice, the LSS receives every day Certain PLF data and linked them to the employment data of the young or self-employed. For employees or self -employed who live abroad or stay there, such as: B. seasonal workers, the data is given according to the residential or residence sort. In this way, residence locations can be mapped with a potential health risk. Due to the often precarious residence situation of seasonal workers, for example, there is an increase in the infection and the further spread of the cluster. A feasibility study was carried out for this type of processing. Only recently has one of the responsible federated parts areas formally confirmed his intention to introduce such a processing in the near future due to the epidemiological situation. The other federated sub-areas are also interviewed on this topic. As noted (report No. 69.336/VR, point 11), the consequences do not necessarily have to take place before the norm in which the processing is intended. This processing has a double purpose: On the one hand, the tracking and examination of clusters and personal communities and the other to enforce the quarantine and test obligation to combat the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19. The recommendation of the DSB (statement No. 66/2021, point 30 ) To add the formulation of the purpose of processing references to COVID-19, the order processor and the processing officer (s) are named. The State Office for Social Security Fungiertal's processor for the responsible feders or the agencies determined by the responsible federation areas, of which each/each in relation to their own powers acts as processing responsibility. As a result of the statement by DSB (No. 66/2021, point 22), the statement of the VTC (No. 2021/33 of May 11, 2021) and the expert opinion of the State Council (69.336/VR, 13.1), the competent sub -areas are to which each in relation to its own powers is described as a processing responsible. In this context, the processing officers in paragraph 2 are described in more detail. These are in particular the following places or agencies: the "Agencepour Une Vie de Qualité" (AVIQ) for the Wallonian region, the "Agenschap Zorg EN FEGHEID" for Dieflämische Community, the Common Community Commission for the Common Community Commission of Brussels capital and that Ministry of the German -speaking Community for the German -Language Community. The sake of completeness is referred to the regulations of the responsible federated parts areas: (i) German -language community: Decree of June 1, 2004 for health promotion and for medical prevention; (II) Walloon region: Introductory book "Prevention and Health Promotion" of the Walloon Code of September 29, 2011 for social action and health; (III) Flemish community: Dekret dated November 21, 2003 "relating to Het Preventieve Talicide" (preventive health policy); (IV) Common Community Commission: Ordonnance of July 19, 2007 "Relative à la politique de Prévention" (prevention policy). The third essential elementist The definition of the categories of dataShe affects employees and self -employed who live abroad or stay there and work in Belgium. This personal category is generally more abroad (mostly in your home country) and is sometimes exposed to conditions that can be a potential health risk. The responsible federation areas generally have less qualitative contact information on this person category, whereby it must be taken into account that the PLF is not always filled out correctly and completely. These circumstances mean that this personal category is dedicated to special attention both with regard to the tracking and examination of clusters and community communities as well as with regard to the enforcement of quarantine and tests. PLF database, for which the Saniport Saniport of FöD public health, safety of the food chain and environment appears as a processing personnel: 1. Name and first name: necessary for the unique identification of the person concerned; 2. Gender: This information is partially minimum identification data to identify a person with sufficient security if there is an EnSSS; 3. Date of birth: necessary for the clear identification of the person concerned; 4. EnSS or for people who have not been assigned an EnSS, passport or ID card number who are necessary to clearly identify the person concerned; 5. Telephone number (s) so that the person in question can be reached if necessary. Personal communities essential. In order to monitor compliance with the quarantine and test obligation, the responsible sub-areas must also be able to contact the persons concerned in order to check compliance with quarantine and test obligations and to determine whether they are fine; 6. The residence address is necessary in the event of a physical visit (possibly visiting the community) as part of the traceacon and examination of clusters and personal communities. In order to enforce the quarantine and test obligation, it is necessary to know the address where the person concerned wants to stay in quarantine; 7. email address: The notification of the email address is justified by the necessity To achieve in determined situations to trace and examine the cluster and community communities, with all possible means of communication, including email; 8. Indication as to whether the person in question is in Belgium for more than 48 hours; Because this is defending for the parameter for the decision whether the person in question has to go to quarantine or not/or when the person has to be tested; 9. Indication whether it is a business trip or not; This information is relevant, since other rules apply to business trips, on the basis of which it is decided whether a quarantine must be observed or not; 10. If necessary, a certificate number; This statement is relevant because the (literal) explanation of the professional nature is not sufficient. Without this certificate number, a trip cannot be regarded as a business trip; 11. Indication whether the person in question has their place of residence in Belgium or not; Depending on whether the person has their place of residence in Belgium or not, certain regulations for quarantine and tests can be different; 12. Indication as to whether the person concerned has held 48 hours abroad or not; This information is relevant because the duration of the stay abroad is one of the decisive factors for the quarantine obligation; 13. Land or countries and, if necessary, region or regions abroad in which the person concerned has been in question; This information is artery, since depending on the epidemiological situation of the country concerned or the relevant regulations in question; 14. The beginning and end date of stay abroad, this informationist is a relevant indicator to check the epidemiological situation at the time of stay abroad, which means that the COVID-19 measures can differ differently when returning to Belgium; 15. Arrival date in Belgium; This information is relevant because the data of the quarantine and testing are dependent on itIn its owner-mentioned processor, these 3 aforementioned data can be processed, compared, compared and brought together with certain identification, employment and residence data in order to recognize and investigate, in particular in connection with employment,, as well as The quarantine and test obligation to combat the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19. The statement leader DSB (No. 66/2021, points 34-36), in which the deletion of the term "identification data" is required, was not followed, since the identification data is essential in order to establish a correct link with the data of certain data subjects. The statement by the DSB, in which the deletion terms "contact details" and "residence data" is required, was probably followed. In the application of this provision, no contact details of the data subject are processed by the LSS. The contact -related contact person (s) at workplaces who have to register their presence (temporarily limited local construction sites as well as workplaces in the meat sector) are employment data of Article 1 No. 12. The opinion of the DSB (No. 66/2021, point 37) will be Also with a more detailed description of the employment data. Paragraph 3 provides for the possibility of concretizing DIEPLF data through an executive cooperation agreement, only in the event of a change in the PLF. In this case, a new data protection sequence assessment according to the GDPR is created before processing. As a result of the statement of the DSB (No. 66/2021, points 42 and 43) and the expert opinion of the State Council (69.336/VR, 10.3.3), the possibility of supplement or change from data was deleted as part of an executive cooperation agreement, since the scope of a Such authorization with regard to the legal principle of legality anchored in Article 22 of the Constitution is not permitted. Only the possibility of specifying the categories and purposes already defined in the collaboration agreement by an executive cooperation agreement was retained. Article 3 §3 has been revised. A fifth essential element affects the maximum retention period. As a result of the statement by DSB (No. 66/2021, points 45-47) and the state council (69.336/VR, 10.4.1 and 10.4.2), the maximum storage period was specified at various points and justified according to the circumstances. Paragraph 4 paragraph 1 first determines the maximum retention period of the personal data from the PLF database by the LSS (processor). These PLF data are not kept more than necessary by the LSS (processor) and at the latest 28 calendar days after the date of the arrival of the data subject in the Belgian territory. to be able to assess appropriately with the stay of the living abroad or there. This potential health risk, among other things, from the duration of the stay and thus from the frequency of departure and the conjunction with a certain address. Although it might be useful to process this data over a long period of time, it was deliberately decided not to exceed the original retention period DerplF data in the PLF database, as it was determined in the collaboration agreement of March 24, 2021. the maximum retention period of the linked identification and employment data determined by the LSS. This data is immediately destroyed by the LSS according to the processing. Since this data is mainly in the network of social security, the experience shows that the rarely occurring incidents are recognized and processed immediately so that an additional retention period is not necessary. fixed. This follows the statement of DSB (No. 66/2021, point 45), in which it is recommended to determine the maximum retention period for the creation data sets. The result data is no longer kept by the LSS and on the third day after the date, on which they were transmitted to the responsible sub -areas and the agencies determined by the responsible sub -areas. This maximum retentionistist caused by the need to be able to recognize a technical incident, to remedy it and to learn from it for the futureIn addition, the maximum retention deadline for the processing persons for the processing responsible depending on the purpose of the processing is determined. -19 are processed, no longer than necessary and destroy it at the latest 90 calendar days after receipt. This maximum retention period is required for the purpose of processing, since infections that occur within 90 calendar days are not recorded as "new infection". The maximum storage of result data, which is processed for the purpose of enforcing quarantine and test obligation, takes place in accordance with Article 5 of the collaboration agreement from March 24, 2021.Paragraph 5 then regulates the possibility of passing on the result of the result in the local authorities and by the Federated Sub -areas or local authorities to the police services. This is done in accordance with Article 3 §2 of the Compound Agreement of March 24, 2021 and in accordance with the provisions of the Federated District Area. , 10.5) and the statement of the VTC (statement r. 2021/223 of May 11, 2021) Follow. 4Articles 4 contains the significant elements of the further processing of certain data from the PLF database by the LSS in its owner's processing person, with regard to support of the responsible social inspector in monitoring compliance with the COVID-19 measures at the workplace. Certain PLF data and links them to the employment data of the respective worker or self-employed. These people are divided into three categories. A first category worker or self -employed who live abroad or stay there and in Belgium work, including B. seasonal workers. A second category affects the people who are given in the system of deranity registration (check-in at work). A third category includes other people who can be connected to a company or a headquarters. A first essential element concerns the purposes of this processing, more precisely the monitoring of compliance with the measures to spread the Coronavirus Covid-19 at work by the responsible social inspector. the processing person. The State Office for Social Security acts as a responsible for this further processing. The third essential element is the definition of the category of affected persons. These are the persons who are obliged to fill out the PLF. Complete a service integrator was not followed. This point of the commentary is based on incomplete information. As the information security committee, decision No. 20/178 of December 1, 2020, changed on January 18, 2021, expressly found, the central database of social security is involved in this processing. In addition, before linking the PLF data with the employment data, it is always checked whether the person concerned is known as an active employee or self-employed. If this is not the case, no data link is produced and the processing ends immediately. Due to the different purpose of processing, this data is more limited than the PLF data, which are processed in accordance with Article 3 for the responsible sub-areas. While the residence address, the telephone numbers and the e-mail address are relevant in order to be able to achieve the data subject for the trace and examination of clusters and personal communities as well as for the enforcement of the quarantine and test obligation to combat the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 Data for controlling social inspectors to comply with the COVID-19 measures at the workplace not relevant. This affects the following personal data from the PLF database, for which FöD's service for folk health, safety of the food chain and environment as a processing responsibility: 1. Name and first name: necessary for the clear identification of the person concerned; 2Gender: This information is part of the minimum identification data to identify a person with sufficient security if there is no EnSS; 3. Date of birth: necessary for the clear identification of the person concerned; 4. EnSS or for people who have not been assigned an ENSS, passport or ID card number that is necessary for the unambiguous identification person; 5. Specification of whether the person in question is in Belgium for more than 48 hours or not: This information is used as a filter so that the personal data of people who are no longer in Belgium for more than 48 hours are not processed; a business trip or not; This statement is relevant, since the rules apply to business trips, on the basis of which it is decided whether a quarantine is to be observed or not; people who are in quarantine can do teleworking if the function of teleworking is allowed, but must generally not be a job go unless an exception applies to them; 7.GGf. Certification number of the business trip; This statement is relevant because the (literal) explanatory professional nature is not sufficient. Without this certificate number, a trip cannot be viewed; 8. Specification whether the person in question has inbalance or not; Depending on whether the person has their place of residence in Belgium or not, certain regulations for quarantine and tests can vary. People who are in quarantine can do teleworking if the function of teleworking is allowed, but may not work in principle, unless an exception applies to them; 9. Indication as to whether the person concerned was abroad for 48 hours or not; This information is relevant because the permanent stay abroad is one of the decisive factors for the quarantine obligation. People who are in quarantine can do teleworking if the function of teleworking is allowed, but may not go to the workplace, unless an exception; 10.Land or countries and, if necessary, region or regions abroad, in abroad whom the person concerned is in question; This information is relevant because, depending on the epidemiological situation of the country concerned, different rules apply; 11. The beginning and end date of stay abroad; This information is a relevant indicator to check the epidemiological situation at the time of stay abroad, which means that the COVID-19 measures can differ differently when returning to Belgium; 12. Arrival date in Belgium; This information is relevant because the data of the quarantine and testing is dependent on this. to monitor responsible social inspectors. The statement leader DSB (No. 66/2021, points 55-58), in which the deletion of the term "identification data" is required, was not followed, since the identification data is essential in order to establish a correct link with the data of certain data subjects, since some Contain PLF forms of errors. In the framework of the principle of correctness in relation to the processing of personal data (Article 5.1 d) of the GDPR), the processing of these identification data is justified. The statement leader DSB, in which the deletion of the term "contact details" is requested, was followed. In application this provisions, no contact details of the data subject are processed by the LSS. The contact data contact person (s) at workplaces who have to register their presence are employment dataimic senses of Article 1 No. 12. The statement of DSB (points 13 and 55), in which it is recommended, are precisely precisely how data the above PLF- Data are linked to where they come from and whoever provides you with a maneuver by the categories of identification and employment data in Article 1. The opinion of the DSB (No. 66/2021, point 59) is also met with a more detailed description of the employment data. It should be emphasized that it is always a thing of the point that are checked by the social inspectors on site, and that the people concerned have the opportunity to express their opinion. The individual decision -making is always associated with a significant individual processing, whereby in addition to the processes resulting from the processing, other elements are also taken into account. The determination of violations requires processing by responsible civil servantsThe "Vlaamse Toezicht Commissite Voor de Verwersongeven" therefore rightly comes to the conclusion that it is not an automated decision in individual cases within the meaning of Article 22 of the GDPR (statement No. 2021/33 of May 11, 2021, point 46) . A fifth essential element concerns the maximum retention period, both the PLF data, the identification and employment data as well as the personal data. As a result of the statement by the DSB (No. 66/2021, point 65), various elements of the maximum retention period were specified and due to their circumstances. Paragraph 4 paragraph 1 stipulates that the LSS will no longer keep the PLF data more than the purposes for which they are processed. This personal data is destroyed by the LSS at the latest after the date of the arrival of the data subject in the Belgian territory. This maximum retentionistist for effective monitoring of compliance with the covid measures at the workplace. Although it could be useful to process the result data after a period of 28 calendar days by arrival in the Belgian territory, it was deliberately decided not to exceed the original retention period in the PLF database, as stipulated in the collaboration agreement of March 24, 2021. For the sake of completeness, in response to the "Vlaamse ToezichtCommissie voor de Verhanding van Persoonsg were" (No. 2021/33 of May 11, 2021, point 58), it is confirmed that the LSS does not on the basis of the PLF- Correcting or complementing data. In paragraph 2, the maximum retention period of the identification and employment data is determined by the LSS. This data is destroyed by Daslss on the day of your processing. Since this data is mainly in the network of social security, the experience shows that the rarely occurring incidents are recognized and processed immediately, so that an additional retention period is not necessary. In paragraph 3 it is then determined that the result data (after processing) destroyed on the day of the transmission to the social inspectors. Article4 § 4 paragraph 4 places the maximum retention period of the result data by the responsible social inspector festival. You will no longer keep the result data more than necessary for the purpose of processing, and destroy 28 calendar days at the latest after the person concerned. This maximum retention period is necessary for an effective monitoring of compliance with dercovid measures at the workplace. Violations can also be determined by the social inspectors after the quarantine period. Although it could be useful to process the result data after a period of 28 calendar days by arriving the person concerned in the Belgian territory, it was deliberately decided not to exceed the original retention period in the PLF database. . Paragraph5 finally regulates the transfer of the personal data resulting from this processing by the LSS. The LSS can only the social inspectors of the services and facilities, which in accordance with Article 17 Section 2 (1) of the Social Criminal Code for monitoring the measures to contain the spread of the spread of the corona virus at the workplace, and only for the same purpose of this surveillance. This concerns the social inspectors of the following services and institutions: the State Office for Social Security (LSS), the General Directorate of the Control Legal Social Laws of FOD employment, work and social concertation (FOD BASK), the general directance control of well -being at the work of the FOD BASK, the State Office for employment (LFA), Fedris, the State Institute for Health and Disability Insurance (Likiv) and the State Institute Ders are social insurance for self-employed (LISVS). This transfer is justified, since the social inspector's services and institutions are also responsible for the respective supervision and joint controls are also carried out by social inspectors from different institutions. 5Articles 5 regulates the settlement of legal disputes between the parties by a collaboration court.Art.6Articles 6, the interministerial conference of public health transmits the task of monitoring and compliance with the provisions of the present cooperation agreement.7Articles 7 regulates the entry into force and outstanding provisions of the present cooperation agreement and provides for the possibility of revising or lifting the agreement. The present collaboration agreement comes into force on the day of its publication, with the exception of Article 2. Article 2, as Article 11 of the Ministerial Decree of August 22, 2020 to amend the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 for the definition measures to contain the spread of the spread Coronavirus Covid-19 effective from September 1, 2020. The partial retreat is based on the date of the entry into force of the corresponding determination of the ministerial decree of the interior minister to determine urgency measures. Article 2, as Article 11 of the Ministerial Decree of August 22, 2020, is effective for the change of the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 for the determination of urgency measures to contain the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 from September 1, 2020. Legal subordinate were therefore informed about this processing in advance. In response to these circumstances, the retrospective entry into force of Article 2 is essential in order to achieve the in the general interior-in-wing goal of containing the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19. In which it is recommended not to give Article 4 of the Cooperation Agreement any recurrent force. and personal communities, to enforce the quarantine and test obligation as well as to monitor the observance of measures to contain the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 in the workplace by the responsible social inspector. (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and the Council of April 27, 2016 on the protection of personal data, free data traffic and the cancellation of Directive 95/46/EC; on the basis of the special law of August 8, 1980 for the reform of the Institutions, Article 5 § 1 Roman I, 6bis § 2 No. 1 and 92Bis; in the consideration that the communities and regions are generally responsible for health policy; Responsibility of the Federal State State; on the basis of the cooperation agreement of August 25, 2020 between the federal state, the Flemish community, the Walloon region, the German -speaking community and the joint community commission in relation to the joint processing of data by sciensano and the federated sub -areas or the responsible Agencies certain contact centers, health inspection services and mobile teams in the context of a contacting at (probably) with the Coronavirus Covid-19 infected persons based on a database near Sciensano; based on the cooperation agreement of March 24, 2021 between the federal state, the Flemish region, the Walloons region, the German-speaking community and the joint community commission about the transmission of necessary data to the federated sub -areas, the local authorities or the police services to enforce the obligated quarantine or tests of travelers from abroad, which are subject to an obligated quarantine or investigation on arrival in Belgium; on the basis of the law of August 4, 1996 About the well -being of the workers in the execution of their work; inner weighing of the letter from the data protection authority of February 2, 2021 to all Belgian governments and parliaments in which they are asked to ensure that they fight against the coron Avirus handles measures with the basic data protection principles are in accordance with the need for a legally secure and legally binding framework for the processing-personal data in connection with the combating of the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19; in the consideration that the essential elements of such processing of personal data according to3 of the General Data Protection Regulation in conjunction with Article 22 of the Constitution and Article 8 of the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Freedom Freedoms must be clearly and precisely determined; in the consideration that the present cooperation agreement takes into account the distribution of the responsibilities that the various levels of authorization based on the special law the institutions were assigned, as a result of intensive cooperation within the interminant ministerial conference, which is part of a long tradition of merging the various levels of powers in our country within the interministerial folk health; Measures in the workplace of crucial importance for public health and the prevention of a re-flicker of the Covid 19 pandemic is necessary to combine Men's job agreements to conclude the federal government, representing the federal government in the person of Alexander de Croo, Prime Minister, and Frank Vandenbroucke, Vice Prime Minister and Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health; the Flemish government represented by the Flemish government in the person of Jan Jambon, Prime Minister Flemish government and Flemish Minister of Foreign Affairs, Culture, ICT and General Services, and Wouter Beke, Flemish Minister of Wellbeing, Folk Health, Family and Poverty Constitution; Derwallonian region, represented by their government in the person of Elio Di Rupo, Prime Minister of Walloons, and Christie Morreal , Vice -President of the Walloon government and minister of employment, training, health, social measures, equal opportunities and women's rights; the German -speaking community, represented by her government in Oliver Paas CH, Prime Minister and Minister for Local Authorities and Finance, and Antoniosantoniadis, Prime Minister and Minister of Health and Social Affairs, spatial planning and housing, represented by the United College in the person of Rudivervoort, President of the United College, and Alain Maron and Elke van den Brandt, the members responsible for health and social measures; hereinafter referred to as "parties"; habendas agreed: Article 1. for the purposes of the present collaboration agreement is defined under: 1. "Co -work agreement of August 25, 2020": The collaboration agreement from August 25, 2020 between the federal state, the Flemish community, the Walloon region, the German -speaking community and the joint community commission in relation to the joint processing of data by sciensano and the sub -areas responsible or contact centers, health inspection services and mobile teamsim as part of a contact determination at (probably) with the Coronavirus Covid-19 infected passenger on the basis of a database at Sciensano, 2. "Combination of March 24, 2021": The collaboration agreement of March 24th 2021 between the federal state, the Flemish community, the Walloon region, the German -speaking community and the joint community commission about the transmission of necessary data to the federated sub -areas, the local authorities or the police services for Enforcement of the obligated quarantine or tests of travelers from abroad, which are subject to an obligated quarantine or investigation on arrival in Belgium, 3. "Database I": those mentioned in Article 1 of the Cooperation agreement of August 25, 2020 set up database, 4. "Cluster": bundling of individuals who are infected with Demcoronavirus Covid-19 or presumably infected, in personal communities as in Article 1 § 1 No. 2 of the cooperation agreement of August 25, 2020 mentioned, 5. "Personal Community": Community of persons for whom the responsible health inspection services are of the opinion that there is an increased risk of spreading the Coronavirus Covid-19, as mentioned in Article 1 § 1 No. 3 of the cooperation agreement of August 25, 2020, 6. "People of Category II": People in whom a Covid-19 test was carried out, as mentioned in Article 1 § 1 No. 14 of the collaboration agreement from August 25, 2020, 7. "Passenger Locator Form (PLF)": Form that passengers fill in pre -travel trip and, if necessary, present to the carrier before boarding, as mentioned in Article 1 No. 1 of the collaboration agreement of March 24, 2021, 8. "PLF database": The database set up at the federal public service, security of the food chain and the environment, as in Article 1 No.4 of the collaboration agreement of March 24, 2021 mentioned, 9. "EnSS": In article 8 § 1 No. 1 or 2 of the law of January 15, 1990 on the establishment and organizational central database of social security mentioned. 10. "Identification data": the recognition number of the person concerned and if necessary and only if it is necessary for the correct identification person, the following basic identification data: surname, first name, date of birth, birthplace, gender and address. The recognition number is either the national registration number mentioned in Article 2 of the Act of August 8, 1983 for the organization of a national register of natural persons from the national register of natural persons mentioned in Article 1 of the previous law of August 1, 1983 Service is managed inner, or for persons who have not been included in the previous national register, in order to draw up in Article 2 § 1 No. 2 of the Act of January 15, 1990 on the establishment and organizational central database of social security. In Article 4 of the above -mentioned law of January 15, 1990 mentioned registers of the central database, which are managed by the central social security database, 11. "Residence data": Data that relates to the (die) location (e) in which (to which) the person concerned in Belgium and from what was mentioned by the Federation Public Service Inner National Register or from the previous database Commercially managed registers of the central database, 12. "Employment data": data that relate in the long run, place, employment industry, employer and/or client, service for hazard prevention and protection at work, as well as if and in this respect the in Chapter 5 Section 5 of the Act of August 4, 1996 Employees in the execution of their work exists to register for registration or title 2 Chapter 2 Section 1 of the Program Act of August 10, 2015, the contact details of the contact person (s) on the construction site or at work. Disclosure data comes from the following databases: a) Employers, which is managed by the State Office for Social Security, b) Database in relation to the immediate employment report, which is managed by the State Office of Social Security, as in the royal decree of November 5, 2002. In the application of Article 38 of the Law of26. July 1996 to modernize social security and to secure the statutory pension regulations, c) database in relation to dispatched employees and self -employed, which is managed by the State Office for Social Security and the State Institute of Social Insurance for Self -Employed, as in Article 163 of the Program Act (I) of December 27, 2006 mentioned, d) Database in reference to multifunctional explanations, which is administered by the State Office for Social Security, as mentioned in Article 21 of the Act of June 27, 1969 on the revision of the ErwAhsgesetz of December 28, 1944 on the social security of employees, E, E ) General list of self -employed people, which is managed by the State Institute of Social Insurance for Self -Employed, as in Article 21 § 2 No. 2 of the Royal Decree of December 19, 1967 for the introduction of a general regulation in the execution of the Royal Decree No. 38 of July 27, 1967 of the welfare statute of the self -employed similar, f) database in relation to the registration of the attendance that is managed by the federal public service, work and social concertation, as in Article 31ter § 2 of the Law of the 4th August 1996 on the well -being of the employees in the execution of their work and in Article 6 §1 Paragraph 3 No. 1 of the Program Act of August 10, 2015 mentioned, g) database with regard to the message of work that is managed by the State Office for Social Security, as in Article 30des Royal Decree of December 27, 2007 For the execution of Article 53 of the Code of Dieglichtlicht and the forced entity of tax claims and non -tax claims and Article 12, 30bis and 30th of the law of June 27, 1969 on the revision of the ErwAh Act of28. December 1944 on the social security of employees and of Article 6th of the Law of the4. August 1996 on the well -being of the employees mentioned in the execution of their work2 - § 1 - To support the tracking and examination of clusters and community community in view of the combating of the spread of the Coronavirus Covid -13, the State Office for Social Safety can be the contractor on behalf of the responsible sub -areas or the sub -areas that are determined by the divided agencies, each In the context of their own powers, the processing responsible for processing, which in § 2 listed personal data from the category II of category II, insofar as the Covid-19 test has shown that they are infected, process, merge and compensate for identification and employment data . The responsible sub -areas or the agencies determined by the responsible federation areas, each in the context of their own powers, as a responsible request for the processing of personal data, which is from the VE mentioned in paragraph 1 gay. More precisely, the following places or agencies are: 1. For the Wallon region: L'Gence pour une vie de qualité, 2. For the Flemish community: Het Agenschapzorg en Gezondheid, 3. for the German -speaking community: the Ministry of the German -Language Community, 4. for the joint community commission of Brussels capital: the joint association commission. § 2 - The following are the following: 1. Enss, 2. Date of the Covid-19 test, 3rd postcode. § 3 - The personal data from database I will no longer be kept by the previous cheeing state office than is necessary for the purposes for which they are processed, and at least 14 calendar days after receiving this personal data. If the above -mentioned state office is destroyed according to the processing. Politics in Coronavirus Covid-19, including epidemiological surveillance by Sciensano, can no longer be identified. n working day after the transmission to the federized sub -areas and to the sub -areas determined by the competent sub -areas. When it is necessary for the purposes for which they are processed, and destroy this personal data at the latest 90 calendar days. § 4 - The responsible partial areas and have the agencies determined by the responsible feders, each within the scope of their own powers, only for the processing purposes provided for in § 1 Access to the personal data that result from the processing mentioned in § 1. access to the personal data that results from the processing mentioned in § 1, insofar as this is necessary for the tasks that have been applied to them with regard to the implementation of the processing purposes provided for. 3 - § 1 - to support the tracking and investigation of clusters and community communities and with regard to the enforcement of the quarantine and test obligation to combat the spread of the Coronavirus Covid -19kann, the State Office for Social Security as a processor on behalf of the responsible federated parts areas or those responsible Federated sub-areas of certain agencies, which each act as processing persons as processing responsible for processing, which in § 2-based data from the PLF database of living abroad or self-employed and self-employed who work, process, process, merging and with identification, Compare employment and residence data. Subject -related data resulting from the processing mentioned in paragraph 1. More precisely, the following places or agencies are: 1. For the Walloon region: L'Agence pour une vie de qualité, 2. For the Flemish community: Het Agenschap Zorg en Gezondheid, 3For the German -speaking community: the Ministry of German -speaking Community, 4. for the joint community commission of Brussels capital: the joint community commission. § 2 - The personal data from the PLF database as mentioned in § 1 are the following: 1. Name and first name, 2. Gender, 3rd birthday, 4. EnSS or for people who have not been assigned an ENSS, passport or staff card number, 5. Telephone number (s), 6. Residence address, 7. E-mail address, 8th indication of whether the person in question is in Belgium for more than 48 hours or not, 9, whether it is a business trip or not, 10. If necessary, a certificate number the business trip, 11. Specification whether the person concerned has their place of residence in Belgium or not, 12. Specification whether the person in question has been abroad for 48 hours or not, 13. Land or countries and, if applicable, region or regions abroad in which the person concerned was located, 14. The beginning and end date of stay abroad, 15. Arrival date Belgium. Section 3 - in accordance with Article 7 paragraph 5 of the collaboration agreement of March 24, 2021 and without prejudice to the application of Article 7 paragraph 1, 2 and 3 of the same collaboration agreement, the parties can in the event of a change in the PLF the personal data listed in § 2 by an executive cooperation agreement as in Article 92BIS § 1 paragraph 3 of the special law of August 8, 1980 for the reform of the institutions specified. § 4 - The personal data from the PLF database will no longer be kept by the above -mentioned state office than is necessary for the purposes for which they are processed, and at the latest 28 calendar days after the person concerned in relation to the Belgian territory. §1 listed identification, employment and residence data are destroyed immediately after processing. destroyed by the responsible partial areas determined by the responsible partial areas. n Clouting and personal communities to combat the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19, non-praise as it is necessary for the purposes for which they are processed, and destroy the relevant federation areas and those of the responsible data. Responsible Federated sub-areas of certain agencies preserve the personal data, which result from the processing mentioned in § 1 and which you have to combat the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 processes with regard to the quarantine and test obligation, in accordance with Article 5 of the Cooperation Agreement of March 24th 2021 on. §5 - The personal data that results from the processing mentioned in § 1, Article 3 of the Cooperation agreement of March 24, 2021 and the stimulating, federated sub -areas from the Federated sub -areas to the local authorities as well as from the federated parts areas and the local Authorities to the police services that can process this personal data for the purpose of monitoring and enforcement of quarantine and test obligation, to be transferred, either in accordance with the regulations of the Federated sub-areas or if the quarantine is not complied with. § 6 - The responsible sub -areas and the subjects determined by the responsible sub -areas have certain agencies, each within the scope of their own powers, only for the processing purposes provided for in § 1 Access to the personal data that result from the processing mentioned in § 1. access to the personal data that results from the processing mentioned in § 1, insofar as this is necessary for the tasks that have been applied to them with regard to the implementation of the processing purposes provided for. 4 - § 1 - Looking at the monitoring of compliance with the measures to contain the spread of the spread of the coronaviruscovide -19 to the in Article 16 No.10 Workplaces mentioned by the Social Criminal Code BETAY AND ARTICLE 17 Section 2 (1) of the Social Criminal Code mentioned, the State Office for Social Security in its capacity as a processing person can process the data that is listed in Section 2 of the PLF database that the PLF must fill out, And compare with identification and employment data. § 2 - The personal data from the PLF database As mentioned in § 1, the following are: 1. Name and first name, 2. Gender, 3. Date of birth, 4. EnSS or for people, Denerekeine Enss, passport or ID card number, 5. Specification of whether the person concerned is in Belgium for more than 48 hours, 6. State whether it is a business trip or not, 7. If necessary, a certificate number of the business trip, 8. Specification that the person concerned has their place of residence in Belgium or not, 9. Specification of whether the person concerned was abroad for 48 hours or not, 10. Land or countries and, if applicable, region or regions abroad in which the person concerned was, 11. The start and end date of stay abroad, 12. Arrival date in Belgium. Section 3 -The personal data that results from the processing mentioned in § 1 may only be sent to the social inspectors of the services or institutions mentioned in Article 17 § 2 paragraph 1 of the Social Criminal Code of Social Criminal Code. the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 in the workplace for the processing purpose mentioned in § 1. § 4 - The personal data from the PLF database listed in § 2 will no longer be kept by the previous state office than is necessary for the purposes for which they are processed, and at the latest 28 calendar days after the person concerned in relation to the Belgian territory destroyed. Processing mentioned in § 1 are no longer stored by the above -mentioned state office than is necessary for the purposes for which they are processed, and on the day they are transferred to the responsible persons in Article 17 of the Social Criminal Code mentioned. Data from the in § 1 Provisions mentioned, the responsible social inspectors are no longer kept by those responsible in Article 17 in Article 17 of the Social Criminal Code of Social Criminal Code, as required for the purposes for which they are processed, and at the latest 28 calendar days after the day of the person concerned Distribution destroyed .art. 5 - Litigation between the parties of the presentation agreement in relation to the interpretation or execution of the present cooperation agreement will be presented to a compilation agreement within the meaning of Article 92bis § 5 of the Special Act of August 81980 for the reform of the institutions. Flemish government, the government of the German -speaking Community, the United College Commission or the Walloon government. 6 - § 1 - The Interministerial Conference of Public Health monitors the implementation and compliance with the present cooperation agreement and, if necessary, submit suggestions before. In the context of the present collaboration agreement, the interministerial conference of public health perceives an intermediary role before disputes are presented to a collaboration court as in Article 5. § 2 - The interministerial conference folk health as soon as a party of the collaboration agreement applies .art. 7 - There is a conversion agency agreement on the date of publishing the last legislative act on the approval of the collective work agreement in the Belgian State Gazette, with the exception of Article 2, which comes into force with effect from September 1, 2020Present work by means of its revis or lifting after receipt of the written consent of all parties with the end of the present collaboration agreement in the central secretariat of the concertization committee and after the publication of a note in the Belgian state leaflet, the measures to be made through the presentation that has been made by the existing collaboration agreement, Listen to be effective on the day of the publication of the royal decree to explain the state of the Coronavirus Covid-19. Volkshundheitf.Vandenbrouckeder Prime Minister of the Flemish government and Flemish Minister for Foreign Affairs, Culture, ICT and General Services of the Flemish Government ungj. Jambonder Flemish Minister of Wellbeing, Folk Health, Family and Poverty Control W. Prime Minister of Comrade in the Walloon government. Di Rupodie Vice President and Ministerin for employment, training, health, social measures, equal opportunities and Women's rights leader Wallonian government. Morrealeder Prime Minister and Minister for Local Authorities and Finance of the German -speaking Community. Paaschder Vice-Minister President and Minister of Health and Social Affairs, spatial planning and housing of the German-speaking Community. Vervoortder Minister, member of the United College of the Common Community Commission, responsible for health and social measures, a. Minister Minister, Member of the College of the Joint Community Commission, responsible for health and social measures, e. Van den Brandt