Publication: 2022-01-31Numac: 2022030174Brussels-Capital Region16 December 2021.-Decision of the Brussels-Capital Government to determine the personnel plan for the year 2021 for the regional Public Service Brussels-Capital and Capital Agency, having regard to the special law of 12 January 1989 Until the Brussels Institutions, Article 40, § 1; Having regard to the decision of the Brussels -Capital Government of 18 December 2016 establishing Brussels Taxation; Having regard to the decision of the Brussels -capital government of 21 March 2018 on the administrative status and the remuneration regulation of the officials of the regional government services of Brussels; given the Decree of the Brussels -Capital Government of 3 May 2019, to determine the personnel plan for the year2019 for the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation; Having regard to the decision of Debussel -Capital Government of 22 July 2019 establishing the powers of the Ministers of the Brussels -Capital Government; Having regard to the circular letter of 17 December 2020 in question and follow -up of the implementation of a personnel plan based on the staff envelope; in view of the advice of the basic consultation committee, given on December 6 2021; In view of the agreement finding of the Minister of Budget of 14 December 2021; Having regard to the approval of the Minister of Public Ambt, given on December 14, 2021; on the proposal of the Minister of Finance and Budget, public office and promotion of multilingualism and the image of Brussels; Na Verraking, Decision: Article 1. The personnel plan of the regional government service Brussels taxation is determined as follows: ranking office. and basket. CBSO SBO Cutb Total Rank Grade Stat. ET Mand.ctas CPE CBET TOTAL A5 Director General 11A5 Director Général 11 A4+ Deputy Director General1 A4+ Director Général Adjoint11 A4Director - Head of Department 1 12 A4 Director - Chef de Service 1 12 A3 Director 11 112 A3 Director 11112 A2 First Attaché -Degaché -Degaché -Degaché - expert 11 A2 Eerste attaché 14 115 A2 Premier attaché 14 115 A1 Attaché50 1565 A1 Attaché 50 1565 B2 Eersteassistent 99 B2 Assistant principal 99 B1Assistent 80 1090 B1 Assistant 80 1090 C2Eerste adjunct 1616 C2 Adjoint principal 1616 C1Adjunct 132 15 4151 C1 Adjoint 132 15 4151 D1klerk 3 2730 D1 Commis 3 2730 Total 318 71 4393TOTAL 318 71 4393AMBT. And basket: civil servants and mandate holders: contractual staff members and specific assignment boards: Startbaan -Agreement Cutb: Contractual Personnel Members Exceptional and Temporary Personnel needs. 2. The decision of Debrusselse -Capital Government of 3 May 2019 to determine the personnel plan for the year 2019 for the regional government service Brussels taxation will be lifted.art. 3. This decision -reaching the day on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette.Art. 4. The minister competent for finance and budget is responsible for the implementation of this decision. Brussels, December 16, 2021. For the Brussels-Capital Government: the Prime Minister with territorial development and urban renewal, tourism, the promotion of the Imago of Brussels Bicultural Cases of regional interest, r. Vervoortde Minister of Finance, Budget, Public Ambt, the promotion of multilingualism and the image of Brussels, s. GatzPublication: 2022-02-22Numac: 202203027272Federal Public Service Domestic Affairs27 November 2021.-Royal Decree on the Royal Decree of 28 October 2021 on the necessary measures for the consequences for the public health of the announced Covonavirus concerning the Coronavi situation situation -19 Pandemie to prevent or limit it. - German translation The following text is the German translation of the Konzinklijke Decree of 27 November 2021 amending the Royal Decree of 28 October2021 on the necessary measures for administrative police in order for the consequences for the public health of the announced epidemic emergency situation concerning the Coronavirus COVID-19-- to prevent Pandemie to prevent it (Belgian Official Gazette of 27 November 2021). This translation was drawn up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.Föderaler Öffentlicherdienst Inneres27. November 2021 - Königlicher Erlass Zur Abänderung des Königlichen Erlassesvom 28. October 2021 über Die Verwaltungsilichen Maßnahmen, die Erforderlich Sind, Um Dieferolgen of the Ausgerughen EpidiFaRusage in Bezugufsation of NOTSUNIUMRUSIUTI -AUUFRACIUTATION Nijdgegenwartigen und Zukunftigen, Unser Gruß! Aufgrund der Verfassung, des articles 108; Aufgrunddes Gesetzes vom 14. August 2021 über Verwaltungspoliiliche Maßnahmen in Einer Epidemicen NOTSTITATION, of Article 4, 5, 5, V. V. V. November2021 Zur Bestätigung des Königlichen Erlasses Vom 28. October 2021 Zur AusruFung der Epidemischen Notsitationin Bezug Auf aufto Coronavirus Covid-13; Aufgrund des Königlichen Erawemisisch der Pandidation 2021 Zufrughration in the end of anusrufrung in-Bungsrufrung in the end of anusrufrung in-Bungsrufrung in the end of the inputrufrung in the inputrughtyration in-Bungsrufrung in the end of ausrufrung in the Eusufrung in the end of ausrufrung in the end of ausrufrung in the end of ausrughrufrung in the end of ausrufrung's and omenration of the end of ausrufrung's omenrufrungs. ; AUFGRUNDES Königlichen Erlasses vom 28. October 2021 über Die Verwaltungspolizeilichen Maßnahmen, Dieforderlich Sind, Um who folgen der Ausgerufenen epidemic nonsitution in Bezug auf Auf auf Coronavirus Covid-13 für die Volksgesundheit zu Verhinderen ender Einzuschränken12nken12nken1nken12nken12nken1nken12nken1nken1nken1nken1nken1nken1nken1nken1nken1nken1nken1nken11nken1nken1nken1nken1nken1nken1nken1nken1nken1nken1nken1nken1nken1nken1nken1nken1nken1nken1nken1nken1nken1; Vom 14. August2021 über Verwaltungspolizeiliche Maßnahmen in Einer Epidemischen NOTSITUATION ERWERHNT; AUFGRUNDER KONZERTIRUNG VOM 26. November 2021 im Konzertierungseschuss; Aufgrund der Befreiung vonder Auswirgsanalysis, that in Article 2 no. 1 des Gesetzes vom 15. Dezember 2013 zur Festlegungverschiedener Bestimmungen in Sachen administrative Vereinfachung erwähnt ist;Aufgrund derStellungnahme des Finanzinspektors vom 26. November 2021;Aufgrund des Einverständnisses desStaatssekretärs für Haushalt vom 26. November 2021;Aufgrund der am 27. November 2021 abgegebenenStellungnahme der Minister , that im rat darüber beraten haben; aufgrund der am 12. January 1973 cordine tines setszetze über den Staatrat, the articles 3 § 1 Absatz 1; aufgrund der Dringlichkeit; in eaglich, dass ings nicht möglich Istbungsbungtung of the Gutachtenbungsbungtung of the Gutachtenbungsbung von Fünf Werkagen (who AUF AUG WORK AUSGEWEITET WE KANN, Wenn der Begutachtungsantragder Generalversammlung Vorgegt Wird, was in the praxis eine Etwa Zwei Wochen Bedroetet) Abzuwarten, Intenbeschondene Sichefgrundeitit Stützen, Wobe I die jüngsten ergebnisse that auf der Sitzung des KonzertierungsususSchussesvom 26. November 2021 Beschlossen and maßnahmen Kestigtigt Haben; Dass that in Article 2 nr. 3des Gesetzes vom 14. August 2021 über Verwaltungspolizeiliche Maßnahmen in Einer Epidemischen NOTSITUATIONERWERähnten Bedingungen Erfüllt sind und daher that epidemic Notsitation Ausgerufen are becoming; Dassdie Maßnahmen im Vorliegenden Königlichen Erlass Ergriffen became Müssen, Um der Ungünstigen Epidemiologischitation, who are held by Wijitertert, EntenGenzuwirken; Dass that im Voorerwähnten KonzertierungsusSchusschusschussen -Bongelossenen and Maßnahmen ein Zusammenhänendes Ganzes Bilden; Dass die Maßnahmen Bereits AM27. November 2021 in Kraft Treten; in Erwägung of the Europäischen Konvention Zum Schutz der Mensenrechteugd Grundfreiheiten, of the articles 2, of the Das Recht Auf leben Schützt; in Erwägung of the Verdagsüber that Arbeitsweise of the Demämen union, of the Voor voor Vorander Bewältigung Einer Internationalen Gesundheitskrise und der Aktiven Vorbereitung Auf Einen Möglichenkrisenfall anchores ist; Dass Dieses Prinzip Voraussetzt, Dass Die Öffentlichen Bei Der Feststellung, Dass Ein Ernst Risiko Höchstwahrscheinlich Eintreten Wird, Urgte Und Vorläufige Schutzmaßnahs Müssen; Dere) der Beche's eagungbe vägunge vägungbe desabe vägunge des dägunge des vägunge des vägunge des dägunge des vägunge desabe vägunge vägunge vägunge vägunge vägunge vägunge vägunge vägunge vägunge vägunge vägungabe des Parlaments und des Rates vom 27April 2016 on the protection of natural personal data on the processing of personal data, for free data traffic and the cancellation of Directive 95/46/EC; in consideration of the constitution, Article 23; in consideration of the recommendation (EU) 2020/1475 of the Council of October 13, 2020 for a coordinated procedure in the restriction of free movement due to the Covid-19 pandemic; in consideration of the recommendation (EU) 2020/912 of the Council of June 30, 2020 for temporary restriction to the EU and diligent cancellation of this restriction; the Regulation (EU) 2021/953 of the European Parliament and the Council of June 14, 2021 on a framework for the exhibition, review and recognition interior opera for the certificate of COVID-19 vaccinations and tests as well as the recovery of a covid-19 infection ( Digital Covid certificate of the EU) with the aim of facilitating the free movement of the free movement during the Covid 19 pandemic; in consideration of the vero Rding (EU) 2021/954 of the European Parliament and the Council of June 14, 2021 on a framework for the exhibition, review and recognition interior opera certificates for the certificate of COVID-19 vaccinations and tests as well as the recovery of a covid-19 infection (digital COVID certificate of the EU) for third-country nationals with a legal stay or residence in the territory of the Member States during the Covid 19 pandemic; inner weighing of the cooperation agreement of August 25, 2020 between the federal state, the Flemish region, the German-speaking community and the common Community commission Realing to the joint processing of data by sciensano and the contact centers determined by the responsible federation areas or by the responsible agencies, health inspection service and mobile teams as part of a contact determination at (probably) with the coronavirus covid-19 infected persons on the grun database of a database near Sciensano; in the consideration of the law of 9 October2020 to the approval of the above work agreement of August 25, 2020; in consideration of the collaboration agreement of March 24, 2021 between the federal state, the Flemish region, the Walloons, the German -speaking community and the Common community commission about the transmission of necessary data to the federated sub -areas, the local authorities or the police services for enforcing the obligated quarantine or the committed tests of travelers from foreign countries, which are subject to an obligated quarantine or examination on their arrival in Belgium; 2021 to approved the above work agreement of March 24, 2021; in consideration of the collaboration agreement of May 31, 2021 between the federal state, the Flemish community, the German -speaking community, the Walloon region and the common Unschaft Commission on Special Processes of Personal Data for the Recording and Search of Cluster and Personal Communities, to enforce the quarantine and test duty to monitor measures to contain the spread of the Coronaviruscovide-19 at work by the responsible social inspectors; in consideration of the law of20. June 2021 for the approval of the above work agreement of May 31, 2021; in consideration of the collaboration agreement of July 14, 2021 between the federal state, the Flemish community, the French community, the German -speaking community, the joint community commission, the Walloons region and the French Commission Processing of data in connection with the digital EU-Covid certificate, the Covid Safe Ticket, the PLF and the processing personnel-related data from wage recipients and self-employed who perform life or living and inbelgium activities; in consideration of the law of July 20, 2021 Approval of the pre -born work agreement of July 14, 2021; in the consideration of the royal decree of January 312003 to determine the emergency plan for crisis events and crisis situations that require a coordination or a national level; in consideration of the royal decree S from22. May 2019 on the emergency planning planning and the coping of emergency situations in local and provincial levels and the role of the mayors and provincial governors in crisis events and in crisis situations that require coordination or coping with the national level;March 2020 to trigger the federal phase with regard to the coordination and crisis management in relation to the Coronavirus Covid-19; in consideration of the protocols, which are determined by the responsible ministers in concerting with the relevant sectors; of Coronavirus Covid-19, especially the high transferability and the death disease; in consideration of the qualification of the Coronavirus Covid-19 as a pandemic on March 11, 2020 of the WHO; in consideration that the WHO on March 16, 2020 Relation to the Coronavirus Covid-19 called out, which destabilizes the global economy and spreads quickly in the world; in consideration of the introductory speech by the WHO general director of October 12, 2020, in which it made it clear that the virus mainly transfers between tight contacts becomes and to break out of the epidemic, which through the implementation of targeted measures e could be in contemplated; in consideration of the general director of the WHO Europe of October 15, 2020, in which he particularly pointed out that the transfer and the transmission sources in the houses, closed public locations and in people who do not follow the self -protection measures correctly, take place correctly or can be found; in consideration of the explanation of the General Director of the WHO Europe of April 29 ,2021, in which it is pointed out that the dominant factors that determine the development of the pandemic are still the dominant health. must be aware that vaccines alone do not end pandemic; that it is a combination of vaccines and energetic health measures that reject the clearest path back to normality; in consideration of the explanation of the general director of the WHO Europa of July 1, 2021, in which it is emphasized that due to the occurrence of new variants - In particular, worrying delta variant -, an still inadequate vaccination and the increasingly traveler travel there is a risk of a new wave of infection in the European region; that the responsibility of the citizens, vacationers and travelers is therefore appealed, in particular with regard to the need to be vaccinated; in consideration of the explanation of the general director of the WHO Europa from a August 30, 2021, in which it is emphasized that the existence of the infectious delta is emphasized Variant, the loosening hygiene measures and the increase in trips to an increase in the number of infections; that this goes with increasing pressure on hospitals and an increase in the number of deaths; It is therefore important to maintain the various protective measures, especially vaccinations and masks; in consideration of the explanation of the General Director WHO Europe of November 4, 2021, in which it is pointed out that Europe is again the epicenter of Derpandemie and the observed rapid number of cases ever According to regions, declaring itself through inadequate coverage and the relaxation of health and social measures; in considering the publication of the WHO Europe of November 25, 2021, according to which health and social measures are normal life, while the covid-19-coronavirus is kept under control and extensive damaging lockdown measures are avoided; that an increasing number of studies have the effects of a series of prevention measures such as regular hand washing, physical distance, wearing masks and ventilation and that each of these measures is important as such that in combination with other measures, especially vaccinations, their effects are multiplied; the opinion of the High Health Council on July 9, 2020; in consideration of the assessment of the Epidemiological situation of the RAG of November 24, 2021; in consideration of the expert opinion of the expert group for the Covid 19 management strategy (GEMS) of October 20 and 24, 2021 and from 14th and 25th November 2021, to which, also in Article 4 § 1 paragraph 1 of the law of August 14, 2021, measures mentioned in an epidemic emergency situation belonging to administrative police measures; that in these reports it is explained which measures must be taken and what; that in these reports the need, adequacy and proportionality of the measures listed in the previous royal decree are presented; that the main element reports are included in the foundations of the following reasons in their basic features; and on the report GEMS from 20th and 24thOctober 2021 supports; in consideration of the opinion of the minister of the folk health of October 27, 2021; in consideration of the opinion of the Covid-19-Commissioner from November 11, 2021 in relation to the presence or non-presence of an epidemic emergency situation; Report of Sciensano of November 27, 2021; in the consideration that the daily average of the new facts with the Coronavirus Covid-19 in Belgium has increased significantly in the last seven days Istauf 171, which was confirmed on November 23, 2021; in the consideration that Am A total of 3 494 Covid 19 patients in Belgian hospitals; that a total of 682 patients were on intensive care units on the same day; in the consideration that the Incidence November 23, 2021 in the 14-day agent is 1 775 per 100,000 inhabitants; that the reproductive rate, based on the number of new hospital recordings, is 1.105; in the consideration that this increasing pressure on hospitals and the continuity of care, which does not contain covid-19, since November 19, 2021 a transition to phase 1b of Hospital emergency plan plan has made it necessary; in consideration that the long duration of pandemic due to the Mangelsan nursing staff also affects the number of beds available on the intensive care station; that 10 percent of the capacity of the intensive care units can be used because of the non -availability of the nursing staff; in the consideration that the situation in the health care system has continued to be deteriorated, not only in hospitals, but also with regard to the capacities of primary care, especially what the general practitioners and Test centers and the contact tracking concerns; in consideration that care benefits must be postponed in both primary care and hospital care; in consideration that the vaccination rate of the total population on 25November2021 is 75.3 percent and that 11.8 percent of the population wede in question for a vaccination was still partially vaccinated; in the consideration that, taking into account this and the latest information, the epidemic situation on the entire Belgian area has worsened considerably over the past few days; that the number of new infections is now high as at the height of the second wave and that the virus circulates very quickly; that it is very likely that the virus circulates even more than with the previous waves; in the consideration that additional measures for protection the population and the reduction of the printing of the health care system, including primary care, are necessary; and consideration that alarm level 5 currently applies to the country and for all regions and provinces, which is according to the indicators the highest possible level; that urgent measures (with a "cooling phase" of at least three to four weeks) are therefore necessary in order to reduce the alarm level in view of the health emergency position; in consideration of the health risk for the population and the resulting urgency; in the Recording that the Coronaviruscovid-19 triggers an infectious disease that usually affects the lungs and airways; that the Coronaviruscovid-19 is transferred from person to person via the air path; that the transfer of the disease apparently all possible distribution types through the mouth and nose; in the consideration that present decree contains three types of measures, namely urgent recommendations without criminal sanctions, minimum rules that must be observed at different locations or in various activity sectors (or prevention measures,, the companies in question, each relevant union or the service relating to each affect), and certain compulsory measures, which, however, are necessary in a number of limits; in the consideration that the hygiene measures remain essential, for example the special attention to the hygiene measures in sneezing and coughing, Handhygiene and disinfection of the material used; in consideration that with regard to compliance with health recommendations and social distancing, the sense of responsibility and solidarity of every citizen is still appealed; that the rules of social distancing affect a distance of 1.5 m between the persons; in the consideration that it is recommended to restrict social contacts to a minimum; And despite the fact that it is important for workers to maintain a connection to your work environment, in particular enables the number of contacts to limit and reduce the number of people in public transport in which it is difficult at peak times, the rules of social To comply with distancing; The fact that the deterioration of the epidemic situation is therefore appropriate, the possibility of staying at work for a maximum of two days a week in order to postpone a week so that the situation can stabilize and the curves can reverse; in the consideration that wearing a mask plays an important role in the containment of the spread of the virus and in the protection of health of people in certain facilities and at certain risk activity; that wearing a mask therefore mandatory in certain facilities and in certain activities; that wearing a mask in all situations in which the rules of social distancing cannot be maintained is also urgently recommended, except for the expressly intended exceptions; in the consideration that it is necessary for the same reasons to tighten the health measures Horeca companies ; that a maximum of six people are allowed in the commercial exercise of Horeca work table, children up to the age of 12, including the age of 12; However, that a household that consists of more than six people, independent of the size of this household, may share a table; that these restrictions are necessary to prevent close contacts between a large number of people in Horeca companies; that people also have to stay at their table and should move as little as possible in the facility to avoid unnecessary contacts between the different table companies; in the consideration that the commercial exercise of Horeca activities by 2300 o'clock will be ended, since after this time the rules of social distancing and wearing masks due to the festive type of activities that usually take place in the relevant facilities are possibly used strictly; that these activities can be resumed at 5:00 a.m. at the earliest; However, it is intended for weddings and burials because of their social importance; in the consideration that this measure can be avoided that Horeca farms must be concluded again, that access to these in addition to the cooperation agreement of July 14, 2021 On the basis of the decrees or the decree of the ordonnance issued, both in private meetings, also with publicly accessible events; in the consideration that the people who are under "household" are to be understood for the purposes of the presentation Live roof; that this term also means new family constellations such as patchwork families or other situations in which the persons concerned, strictly speak, do not live under the same roof continuously; in the question that the specific rules for households must be applied at any time, taking into account the legal point of preservation of private life; that, for example, those responsible or employees are not expected to check whether they are actually members of the same household; can be associated with a similar measure for night shops; that the restrictions at night activities in the Horeca sector could be avoided by people who continue their festive activities on public roads; that this measure also enables unjustified unequal treatment between the Horeca sector and the Nightshops; in the consideration that certain gatherings are still a special risk of the health of the population and are subject to certain restrictions in order to be subject to this in order to To maintain fundamental rights to the life and health of the population; that outdoor activities should always be preferred; that, on the contrary, the rooms have to be ventilated and ventilated in sufficient and ventilated; that the rules that apply to the commercial exercise from Horeca activities must be observed if necessary, except for this to be used; that dancing with mask is allowed; in the consideration that from 50 people in interior or 100 people outdoors The access to private gatherings, which take place outdoors or as part of a wedding or a burial, must be organized in accordance with the collaboration agreement of July 14, 2021, As well as this is possible, except for gatherings that take place at home and without the practice of Horeca activities; in the consideration that the ban on private interior interior is not applicable to private apartments or small tourist accommodation that the use of self-tests is urgently recommended in this case; that the rules that apply to the commercial exercise of Horeca activities do not have to be followed in the case of services in the house of the consumer, except for the blocking lesson; that at weddings and burials there is never a personal lesson; in the consideration that events with a standing audience can not be excluded, that the audience moves regularly and run around; that it makes it difficult to comply with the rules of social distancing; that for this reason, events in which people stand cannot be carried out safely; that events therefore have to be banned in interiors with a standing audience; that discotheque and dance halls are closed for the same reasons;To organize July 2021, without prejudice to the possibility of the federized sub -areas, mayor and governor to prescribe his application to this framework or to reduce the minimum numbers, on the one hand, on the one hand, and without prejudice to the possibility of organizers of a publicly accessible event with fewer audiences, to re -re -establish the above work agreement, if so far they do the visitors in advance, on the other hand; The fact that the application of this collaboration agreement on the one hand enables planned events to take place safer, and on the other hand, that an audience can be gathered by a certain size because of the strict access conditions; Indian consideration that organizers of events that take place outdoors the control of the crowd is responsible; that the local authorities are asked to strictly monitor compliance with the measures sailing for events; that these events cannot take place if this measures cannot be observed; in consideration that sporting activities do the intellectual and physical health of people; that they can therefore continue to be practiced, even if they are private meetings; However, it is strongly recommended that group and contact sports are exercised outdoors as often as possible; in the consideration that the maximum number of people who may come together, the children are also always included, unless expressly determined; in the Raising that the applicable restrictions are necessary in view of the unfavorable health situation in order to prevent further deterioration in the consideration; in the consideration that when taking this measures in particular, the effects of the effects of these measures are taken into account on persons and groups that are taken into account due to their state of health or their personal or professional situation is exposed to greater difficulties to comply with health measures or to submit to these measures; that an exception to the mask obligation is intended for people, for example, who, for medical reasons or due to impairment, cannot carry a mask or a facial protection shade; in the consideration that the latest forecast model shows that the top load in the event of a permanent decline in reproduction at the latest on December 1st The hospitals through the fourth wave in the first half of December until mid-December with a burden on the intensive care unit of 700 to 1050 Covid patients, which makes a deterioration compared to earlier model endings; that this is already pressure on the continuity of the normal services and the supply that is not related to Covid-19; that the model shows that there is an increased risk that the beds in the intensive care units will be covered with over 500 covid patients for at least one month, and that the previous waves can also be derived from the previous waves that a normalization situation in the hospitals Weekly takes up; However, the fact that the health position is an ongoing assessment, on the basis of which new decisions can be made; and consideration that the situation in Belgium is negatively developing in relation to other European countries in relation to infection, hospital admissions and deaths; That it is necessary to prevent the health system from being overloaded to enable as normal operation of the teaching system and economic activities and to maintain the psychological well -being of the citizens as far as possible; in the consideration that additional measures to protect the population and to continue the vaccination campaign is necessary are; that, in view of the current epidemic situation, are appropriate, necessary and proportionate; that it is assessed according to health storage; The fact that this means that stricter measures never excluded; in the consideration that in view of all the previously considered considerations, all administrative police measures provided are necessary in order to protect the right of the population and consequently to contain the spread of Coronavirus Covid-19, and that With regard to this goal and the development of the epidemiological situation in Belgium, you have advised on the proposal of the Minister of the Interior and on the basis of the opinion of the Minister, Dieim Rat, we have decided and enacted: Article 1 - Article 1 of the Royal Decree of 28October 2021 About the administrative police measures that are necessary to prevent or restrict the consequences of the called epidemic emergency situation in relation to the Pandemiedes Coronavirus Covid-19 for public health: 1st number 6, lifted by the royal decree of November 19, 2021, is recorded with the following wording: "6." Household ": People who live under the same roof,". 2. In No. 18, the words "Christmas markets, winter markets and sports competitions" are replaced by the words "Christmas markets and winter markets". A No. 25 with the following wording is inserted: "25." Smaller tourist accommodation ": a holiday accommodation in which a maximum of 15 people can be accommodated." Art.2 - Article 2 of the same decree is changed as follows: 1. Paragraph 1 paragraph 4 is added to the sixth focus with the following wording: "The operating services of civil security, which are mentioned in Article 2 No. 1 of the Act of May 15, 2007 on civil security,". 2. Paragraph 1 paragraph 4 Complemented by a seventh. In § 1bis paragraph 2, the words "December 12" are replaced by the words "December 19". 4. In § 1bis paragraph 2, the words "December 13" each replaced by the words "December 20". 3 -In the same decree is inserted an article 3BIS with the following wording: "Art. 3bis - images of the application of the measures stipulated in the present decree and if the operational requirements require, for the duration of the application of the presentable deviations in part VI Title I of the royal decree of March 30, 2001 to determine the legal status of the Personal of Police Services prescribed provisions in relation to the organization of working and rest periods. "Art. 4 - In the same decree, an article 4BIS is inserted with the following wording: "Art. 4BIS - Nightshops are closed for the public between 11 p.m. and 5 a.m. Paragraph 1 is supplemented by numbers6 to 10 with the following wording: "6. The commercial exercise of Horeca workers banned between 11 p.m. and 5 a.m., except for private gatherings in the context of weddings or burials. 7. 11 and 5 a.m. and delivered. 8. A maximum of six people are allowed per table, children up to the age of 12, including not included. 9. Only seats on the tables of the tables are allowed. 10. Sit at the counter, except for the exercise of pub sports and games of chance and when walking to the counter or a buffet. "2. The article is supplemented by two paragraphs with the following wording: "Invelection of paragraph 1 No. 8, a household may share a table, regardless of the largest household. 6. "Art. 6 - In Article 7 of the same decree, § 2 is set as follows: "§ 2 - discotheques and dance halls are closed to the public." Article 7 - Article 12 of the same decree is changed as follows: 1. Paragraph 1 is set as follows: "§ 1 - private meetings may only be organized outdoors. In the deviation of paragraph 1, the following private gatherings can be organized in interiors: 1 -private gatherings that take place at home or in a small tourist accommodation, 2nd private Cergers that take place as part of a wedding or burial, 3. Sports activities. From 50 people indoors or 100 people outdoors, access to Denin paragraph 1 and paragraph 2 No. 1 and 2 of the private meetings according to the cooperation agreement from July 14 In 2021, as soon as this permits, except for gatherings that take place at home and without commercial exercise of Horeca activities. Organizers must inform the present in advance. "1." Paragraphs 2, 3 and 4 are replaced as follows: "Section 2 - Subject to paragraph 5, events, cultural or other performances, sports training and congresses in interiors are not included only for a seated audience of a maximum of 50 people, employees and organizers without prejudice to Article 5, 7, 9 and 20 and the applicable protocol. are organized, without prejudice to Article 5, 7, 9 and 20 and the applicable protocolOrganizers take the appropriate measures so that the rules of social distancing can be observed, in particular the maintenance of a distance of 1.5 m between the groups. Pre -loving paragraph does not apply if a local police order, a local police regulation, a decre Access according to the collaboration agreement of July 14, 2021 must be organized. Section 3 - Subject to paragraph 5, large events and test and pilot projects are only allowed for one seated audience of at least 50 people and a maximum of 75,000 people per day, employees and organizers, organized, subject to the prior approval of the responsible local authorities and if the Modalty merging agreement of July 14, 2021 are observed. Large events and test and pilot projects may not be included for a seated or standing audience of at least 100 people and a maximum of 75,000 people per day, employees and organizers, organized, subject to the prior approval of the responsible local Authorities and if the modality of collaboration agreements of July 14, 2021 are observed. The reception area of ​​the major event is organized in a way that enables compliance with the rules of social distancing. Similar minimum numbers can be changed in accordance with the collaboration agreement of July 14, 2021. In deviation from paragraphs 1 and 2 if the organizer informs the visitor in front. Section 4 - Commercial fairs are allowed in compliance with the modalities provided for in Article 4. Associations take up the measures so that the rules of social distancing can be observed, in particular the preservation of 1.5 m between the groups. if the access from July 14, 2021 is organized due to a decree or an ordnance. "3. A § 5 with the following wording is inserted:" § 5 - The presence of spectators is in competitions in the field of professional sport and amateur sports that are organized indoors, forbidden. In deviation from paragraph 1, participant to the age of 17, including two adults. Compliance with the paragraph 2 and 3 planned rules allowed. "Art. 8 - Article 22 § 1 of the same decree is changed as follows: 1. Paragraph 2 No. 13 is replaced as follows: "13. In private meetings as mentioned in Article 12 § 1 paragraph 1 and 2 with more than 50 people indoors or with more than 100 people outdoors,". 2.in paragraph 2 No. 14 are replaced by the words "Article 12 §§ 2 and 3" by the words "Article12 §§ 2, 3 and 5". 3. Paragraph 2 is used by a No. 16 with the following wording: "16. At trade fairs, including trade exhibitions." 4. Paragraph 3 is lifted. 9 - The issue will come into force on November 27, 2021 at 11 a.m., with the exception of Article 7 No. 2 and 3, which comes into force on November 29, 2021 at 7 a.m. Minister is commissioned to execute the present decree. Publishers