Publication: 2022-02-09Numac: 2022030009Brussels-Capital Regional Service for Fire Brigade and Urgent Medical Aid. - Call for candidacy via Mobility to the Brussels -Capital Service for Fire Brigade and Urgent Medical Aid (DBDMH) The first assistant (m/v/x) were related to the remuneration service (rank B2) in the Dutch -language framework, in accordance with the language laws, vacant that can be filled in via IntraregionaleOF external mobility on the basis of the decision of the Brussels -Capital Government of 27 March 2014 on the Mobility regulation in some institutions of the Brussels -Capital Region. Region and public services and institutions of public utility that fall under the Brussels headstairs region, as stated in Article 3 of the above decision. The external manobility applies to fixed staff members of the services and institutions of public utility of the Federal State, the Communities and the Communities and the Communities and other regions; the French Community Commission, the Vlaamsgegenschap Commission, the Common Community Commission; and the Settings of Public Nutdie are under the Brussels -Capital Region and that are not mentioned in Article 3, 2 ° of the above decision. For transfer via intraregional mobility, only the fixed -mentioned personnel members (rank B2) are eligible in service activity, in at least three year degree in degrees and at least in their evaluation have been mentioned that is equivalent to mention "favorable". For the transfer via external mobility, only the fixed -appointed personnel members (rank B2) are eligible for at least three years of degree of degrees and with them Evaluation at least received a mention that is equivalent to mention "favorable". Interested parties are requested to submit their candidacy via mailop job@firebru.brussels, for the attention of the Personnel Service, Helihavenlaan 15 in 1000 Brussels, Last March 2, 2022 . The job description and The required profile are stated below. The candidacy must be required to state the name, first names, appointment date, administrative situation and the precise data of the administration from which the candidate originates. A detailed curriculum vitae must be attached as well as a comprehensive motivation letter. The candidates that meet the above conditions will be invited for a job interview. For the consultation of the table, see image