Publication: 2022-02-18Numac: 2022020234 Ministerie of the French Community 27 January 2022.-Decree of the government of the French Community amending the decision of the government of the French Community of 7 May 2020 on various provisions on civil servants in the context of the COVID-19-Pandemiede Government of the French Community, giving the special law of 8 August 1980 to reform the institutions, Article 87, § 3, replaced the special law of 8 August 1988 and amended by the special law of 6 January 2014; Entitled to the decision of the Government of the French Community of 22 July 1996 containing the status of the officials of the services of the Government of the French Community; having regard to the Decree of the Government of the French Community of 2 June 2004 on the leave and absences of freeches of the services of the government of the French Community, the Supreme Court for the Audiovisuele sector and the institutions of public utility that are under the Committee of Sector XVII; in view of the decision of the government of the French Community of 15 November 2017 on the telephotoic work; given the decision of the government of the French Community of 7 May 2020 concerning diverse -diverse provisions on civil servants in the framework of the COVID-19 Pandemie, last amended decision of 28 October 2021; Having regard to the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on January 21, 2022; Having regard to the agreement finding of the Minister of 27 January2022; on the nomination of the Minister of Official Affairs; after deliberation, Decree: Article 1. In Article 3 of the Decree of the Government of the French Community of 7 May 2020 on various provisions on civil servants in the context of the COVID-19 Pandemie, amended by the decision of the Government of the French Community of 24 June 2021, the words "35 euros" are replaced by the words "50 euros" .Art. 2. In Article 7, first paragraph, of the same decision, last replaced by the decision of the government of the French Community of 28 October 2021, words "January 31, 2022" are replaced by the words "March 31, 2022" .Art. 3. Article1 has elaboration with effect from 1 January 2022.kart 2 comes into effect on 1 February2022.Art. 4. The Minister of Official Affairs is responsible for implementing this decision. Brussels, 27 January 2022. For the government: the Prime Minister, P.- Y. Budget's jeholeinister, civil servants, equal opportunities and the supervision of "Wallonie Bruxelles Enseigement", F.DaerdenPublication: 2022-03-07Numac: 2022020248Brussels-Capital Regional Service for Fire Brigade and Urgent Medical Aid. - call for mobility to the Brussels-Capital Service for fire brigade and urgent medical assistance (DBDMH) There was a position of Attaché-Eco manager (m/v/x) (rank A1) vacant in the Dutch language framework; The relationship ISIN to fill via intraregional or external mobility on the basis of the decision of the Brussels -Capital Allocation of 27 March 2014 on the Mobility regulation in some institutions of the Brussels -capital Region. The intraregional mobility applies to fixed staff of the Ministry of the Brussels -Capital Region and the public service institutions stated in Article 3 that fall under the Brussels -Capital Region. The External Mobility applies to fixed staff members of the services and institutions of Public Nut of the Federal State, the Communities and other regions; the French Community Commission, Devlamic Community Commission, the Common Community Commission; and the institutions of PublicNut that fall under the Brussels-Capital Region and that are not mentioned in Article 3.2 ° of the above decision. For the transfer via intraregional mobility are eligible:- the fixed staff members (rank A1) that are in service activity, about have at least two -year grades and at least have received a mention in their evaluation is desperately to be "favorable"; for transfer via external mobility: - the fixed staff members (rank A1) who are in service activity and at least with their evaluation have received a mention that is equivalent to the mention "favorable"; interested parties are requested to submit their candidacy by e -mail within a time of twenty -eight days following the publication of this vacancy in the Belgian Official Gazette, to Job@firebru.brussels. The job description and the required profile are stated below. Appropriate candidacy must be required the name, first names, appointment date, administrative situation and the precise data of the administration from which the candidate originates. A detailed curriculum vitae must be attached as well as a comprehensive motivation letter. The standardized CVKAN will be obtained by mail to job@firebru.brussels.de candidates who follow the aforementioned conditions will be invited for a job interview. After the interviews, candidates are arranged on the basis of their results. ECO manager level: A1 Profile: employee.ster1. Assignment As an ECO manager you are responsible for the fact that the DBDMH not only meets all relevant environmental regulations, but also takes all necessary measures to reduce the ecological footprint of its activities. Make these measures in particular:- savings on energy, resources and consumables- a reduction in waste production;- an improvement in the mobility policy of the company-- a more sustainable vision on the management of the existing green spaces in the various locations; -The development of recovery channels of discarded material- an improvement of the Imagovan The company, in particular by obtaining an ecodynamic star (BE)- the layout of the carbon balance. 2. Description of the activities general activities • The ECO manager is responsible for the elaboration of the DBDMH environmental management plan. This management plan is based on a diagnostic analysis of the operation of the company: o Analysevan the consumption (water, gas, electricity, etc.) o operation of the various departments of the DBDMH (operational, administrative, logistics, etc.) and identification of Their environmental impact, in collaboration with representatives of each of these departments. o Analysis of the imposition of environmental permits for the staff barracks and the 7 outposts. o Analysis of the environmental regulation that applies to the DBDMH. On the basis of the diagnosis, the ECO manager will propose a series of measures to achieve the basic objective, namely the reduction of the environmental impact of the DBDMH (which will have to be split into measurable Objectives for the various environmental aspects). These measures must be proposed in accordance with a certain priority and a realistic timetable must be validated by the hierarchical managers and the management. • As soon as the environmental management plan measures are validated, the ECO manager is responsible for the enforcement of these measures, either by establishing new procedures, either including interleaving classes in the specifications or by integrating alternative technologies• The ECO manager must also introduce control instruments to evaluate the performance of the measured measures, so that they can be adjusted if necessary on the basis of the results obtained. • He/she must keep the hierarchical line informed regularly of the progress of his/hair work and to prepare an activity report annually. • The ECO manager is responsible for the legal follow-up regarding environmental issues, in collaboration with the Legal Service of the DBDMH. • The ECO manager must warn the management of the DBDMH an applicant who could be a serious and immediate danger to the environment • Finally, the ECO manager participates in the development and follow-up of new barracks projects (Delta , Anderlecht, staff), with a focus on the environment. 3. Profile diploma: • Holder are of a master's degree in Bio-Engineer, Industrial or Civil Engineer, with experience Op area of ​​environmental management, or of a master's degree and a training that is related to the function to be exhibited (theoretical, regulations, ...) • Good team spirit enzin for cooperation • being able to work independently and a sense of initiative; • sense for synthesis, analysis and assessment; • ability to communicate (oral in writing) • are able to work out a strategic vision; • Flexible and available. Practical/technical skills (computer science, procedures, ...) • Excellent control of MS Office (Word, Excel , PowerPoint); • Techniques, methods use of tools needed for the proper performance of the function. For the consultation of the table, see image