Publication: 2022-03-23NUMAC: 202202054444Federal Public Service Finance15 March 2022.-Royal Decree on the issues in 2022 of memorial documents of 2 euros, to appreciate the exceptional deployment of the healthcare sector during the COVID-19 Pandemie and on the occasion of the 35th birthday of the Erasmus Projectfilip, King of the Belgians, to all who are now and will hereinafter refer to our greeting on the law of 31 July 2017 holding -diverse financial and tax provisions and containing measures on concession agreements, Article3; Having regard to the Royal Decree of 3 September 1998 on the national side of Die first series EuroTunt documents, amended by the Royal Decrees of 13 December 2007, March 19, 2009 and 26 January 2014; Having regard to the decision of the European Central Bank of 7 December 2021 with regard to the size of the currency issue in 2022; Having regard to the advice of the Finance Inspectorate, given on 27 January 2022; Having regard to the agreement of the Minister of Budget, given on 21 February 2022; Having regard to the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, Article 3, § 1, replaced by the law of 4 July 1989 and amended by the law of 4 August 1996; in view of the urgent necessity; these documents for valuation of the healthcare sector will be issued in the spring of 2022 and that the technical specifications must therefore be described immediately; on the nomination of the Minister of Finance, we have decided and We decide: Article 1. To value the exceptional deployment of the healthcare sector during the COVID-19 Pandemie and on the occasion of the 35th anniversary of the Erasmus Project, two memorial pieces of 2euro are issued. 2. § 1. The documents referred to in Article 1 have the same technical specifications as the documents of 2 euros that are being taken in the implementation of the Royal Decree of 12 December 2001 on the issue of the first series of Euromunt documents. §2. Contrary to the first paragraph, the national side of the first memorial coin portrays the care staff. Links is the text "Danke - Merci - Thank you" together with various iconendie refer to healthcare. A cross, a stethoscope, a heart, a syringe, a wheelchair and a chemical mixture are shown from top to bottom. On the far right are the intials of the Designerluc Luycx. The year of issue 2022 is at the bottom together with the "BE" country designation, the Belgian Mint Masters Sign and the Mint sign of Utrecht, the Mercury Staff, place where the coins are beaten. § 3. Contrary to the first paragraph, the National Side of Detweede Memorial Mint depicts the sculptor of Erasmus. On the right side is a portrait of Erasmus with the mention of the dates 1987-2022 and the text "Erasmus Program". Central De Munt is the national designation "Be" and below the intials of the designer Joaquin Jimenez. On the left side, the number 35 is in a mesh work that symbolizes the many intellectual and human exchanges between European students. At the bottom the mint masters are the mint sign of Utrecht, the Mercury Staff, place where the coins are beaten.art.3. This decision comes into effect on the day on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette.art.4. The minister is responsible for finance charged with the implementation of this decision. Tebrussel, 15 March 2022. Filipvan Koningsweight: the Minister of Finance, v.van PeteghemPublication: 2022-03-23NUMAC: 2022020546Federal Public Service Home Affairs 10 March 2022.-Royal Decree containing the necessary measures regarding the travel restrictions coordinated by the European Union as a result of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Pandemie. - German translation of the following text is the German translation of the Royal Decree of 10 March 2022 containing denial measures on the travel restrictions coordinated by the European Union as a result of Decora Virus COVID-19 Pandemie (Belgian Official Gazette of 11 March 2022). This translation has been made by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.federaler Öffentlicherdienst Inneres10. März 2022 - Königlicher Erlass über die Erforderlichen Maßnahmen Intenskug auf auf that von der Europäischen Union Koordinierten Reisgewiken Infolge of the Pandemie of the Coronaviruscovid -19philppe, Allen Gegenwundigen, all aperswartigen (EU) No. 2016/399 des Europäischenparlaments und des rates vom 9. Gesetzes vom 15. Dezember1980 über die Einreise ins state, Den Aufenthalt, Die Niederlassung und das Ausweisen von Ausländernn, des articles 3, Ersetzt durch das Gesetz vom 24. February 2017 undt abgeänder durch das Geset , ERSETZT Durch das Gesetz vom 24. February 2017 und Abgeändert durch dasgesetz vom 8. Mai 2019; Aufgrund der Befreiung von der Auswirkungs analysis, which in Article 8§ 2 Nr. 1 des Gesetzes vom 15. Dezijn 2013 Zur Festlegung Vigantener Bestimmungen in Sachenadministrative Vereinfachung Erwähnt ist; Aufgrund der Stellungnahme des Finanzinzpektors Vom9. März 2022; Aufgrund des Einverständnisses of the Stateskretärin für Haushalt vom 9. März 2022; Aufgrundder am 12. January 1973 Cordinators Gesetze über den Staatsrat, of the § 1 Absatz 1; Aufgronder Doggrundender; Aufs Grundor; Daggrunder; Dancing Grundor; Auf Ground; Gutachten of Gesetzgebungsabteilungdes state rates Innerhalb Einer Voner Von Fünf Werkagen (who AUF AUG WORK AUSGEWEITWERDEN KANN, WENN der BegoTutachtungsantrag of Generalversammlung Vonwang, who was a vonwa -vonwa -Vonfist vonfrist. In Article 2 nr. 3 des Getzes vom 14. August 2021 über Verwaltungspolizeiliche Maßnahmenin Einer Epidemischen NOTWERAHNTEN EPIDEMICAL NOTSITUATION AUFRECHT ZUERWELTEN; Dass Zwischendem Ablauf of the Reisqueer of the Reish In Anwendung Dieses Gesetzes und Dem Inkrafttrans des Vorliegenderlasses Keine Lücke Entstehen Darf; in Erwägung der Europäischen Konzon Schutz, Dasa, of the LUFSESTE LUBENTES, DER GUBENEITENTE , of the articles 191, in Dem das Prinzip der Vorsorgeim Rahmen der Bewältigung Einer Internationalen Gesundheitskrise und der Aktiven Vorbereitung Auf Einenmöglichen Krisenfall Anchert ist; dass dieses Prinzip voraussetzt, dass die öffentlichen Behörden beider Feststellung, dass ein ernstes Risiko höchstwahrscheinlich eintreten wird, dringende und vorläufigeSchutzmaßnahmen ergreifen müssen;In Erwägung des Artikels 6 Absatz 1 Buchstabe c) unde) der Verordnung (EU) 2016/679 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 27. April 2016 Zum Schutznatürlicher Persons Bei der Verarbeitung Passenger Dating, Zum Freien Datenverkehr und Zur AuFhebungder Direct Line 95/46/EG; in Erwägung der Verfassung (eu9) 2020202020 2020fehlungfne 30. June 2020 Zur Vorüberhenden Beschränkung nicht un -Oddingtnotwendiger travel in that eu und Möglichen Aufhebung Dieser Besentränkang, Zuldzt Abgeändert Durch dirch dieempfehlung (EU) 202/290 des Rates vom 202. February 202. February 202 Nicht Unbedingt Want to travel in that eu und Möglichen aufhebungdiser Beschränkung; in Erwägung der Empf ehlung des rates vom 21. January 2021 für einen einheitlichenrahmen für den Einsatz und die Validierung von Antigen-Schnelltests und those segious Ankerkennungder ergebnisse von covid-13-Tests in the euwägungd der dergung dertung Derpung's derpunggung derpung's dergunggung derpung of the dergägunggung derpunggung dertung's Rates vom 14June 2021 on a framework for the exhibition, review and recognition interluder certificates for the certificate of COVID-19 vaccinations and tests as well as the recovery of a covid-19 infection (digital covid certificate of the EU) with the objective of the facilitation of the free movement during the covid -19-pandemic; in consideration of the regulation (EU) 2021/954 of the European Parliament and the Council of June 14, 2021 on a framework for the exhibition, review and recognition interior opera for the certificate of COVID-19 vaccinations and tests as well as recovery from a Covid-19 infection (Digital Covid Certificate of the EU) for third-country nationals with legal stay or residence in the territory of the Member States during the Covid-19 pandemic; inner weighing of the delegated regulation (EU) 2021/2288 of the Commission of December 21, 2021 Change of Appendix of the Regulation (EU) 2021/953 of the European Parliament and the Council with regard to recognition Egg coach von vaccination certificates that are issued in the format of the EU's digital Covid certificate and certify that the first vaccination series is concluded; in consideration of the recommendation (EU) 2022/107 of the Council from January 25, 2022 for a coordinated procedure to facilitate the safe exercise during the free movement during the COVID-19-Pandemie and the replacement of the recommendation (EU) 2020/1475; Inserment of the cooperation agreement of August 25, 2020 between the federal state, the Flemish community, the Walloon region, the German-speaking community and the joint community commission. Data by Sciensano and the contact centers, health inspection services and mobile teams determined by the responsible federated parts areas or by the responsible agencies as part of a contact determination at (probably) with the Coronavirus Covid-19 infected person on the basis of a database at Sciensano; of the law of October 9, 2020 to approved the previously working agreement of August 25, 2020; in consideration of the collaboration agreement of March 24, 2021 between the Federation State, the Flemish Community, the Walloon region, the German -speaking community and the joint communal commission about the transmission to the transmission to the Federated sub -areas, the local authorities or the police services to enforce the obligated quarantine or the committed tests of travelers to the abroad, which are subject to an obligated quarantine or examination on their arrival in Belgium; inner weighing of the law of April 8, 2021 to the approval of the previous work agreement from 24 .März 2021; in the consideration of the collaboration agreement of May 31, 2021 between the federal state, the Flemish community, the German -speaking community, the Walloon region and the joint community committee via special processing gen personal data for the traceaption and examination of clusters and personal communities, to enforce the quarantine and test duty to monitor measures to contain the expansion of the spread of the coronaviruscovide-19 at work by the responsible social inspectors; June 2021 for the approval of the above work agreement of May 31, 2021; in consideration of the collaboration agreement of July 14, 2021 between the federal state, the Flemish community, the French community, the German -speaking community, the joint community commission, the Walloons region and the French Commission Processing of data in connection with the digital EU-Covid certificate, the Covid Safe Ticket, the PLF and the processing personnel-related data from wage recipients and self-employed who perform life or living and inbelgium activities; in consideration of the law of July 20, 2021 Approval of the pre-born work agreement dated July 14, 2021; in consideration of the law of March 10, 2022 to announce the maintenance of the epidemic emergency situation in relation to the pandemic of the Coronavirus Covid-19; inner weighing the explanation of the WHO in relation to the properties of Coronavirus Covid -19, especially the high transferability and the death disease; in consideration of the qualification of the Coronavirus Covid-19 made on March 11, 2020 of the WHO, as a pandemic; in consideration that the WHO on March 16, 2020 is the highest warning level in relation to that Coronavirus Covid-19 called out, which destabilizes the global economy and spreads quickly in the world;March 2022 in the concerting committee; in the consideration that it is necessary, although the epidemic situation is currently under control, maintaining the travel restrictions in order to keep both the number of infection and the spread of new variants on Belgian state under control; in consideration that Nevertheless, measures that are still necessary to protect the population and to master the pressure on the health care system, including the primary care, are still necessary to protect the European Union or the Belgian territory; in consideration of the health risk for the population and the resulting urgency; in the consideration that the Coronaviruscovid-19 triggers an infectious disease that usually affects the lungs and airways; that the Coronaviruscovid-19 is transferred from person to person via the air path; that the transfer of the disease apparently all possible distribution types through the mouth and nose; in the consideration that the recommendation (EU) 2022/107 of the Council of January 25, 2022 for a coordinated procedure to make it easier to exercise freedom during the COVID-19- Pandemy and the replacement of the recommendation (EU) 2020/1475 A personal-based approach for travel during the Covid 19 pandemic, which is used that the vaccination, test or recovery status of the traveler should be decisive; that such a approach simplifies the applicable regulations and offers travelers more clarity and predictability; that people from the age of 12 who travel from another country to Belgium and do not have their main residence in Belgium have a vaccine, test or recovery certificate that exceptions must be maintained, including to hinder trips in the context of everyday life in border areas; in the consideration that international travel can lead to the spread and unknown variants of the virus and the acceptance of new health regulations; that determined people must therefore have a certificate of vaccination or recovery in order not to be allowed to travel to Belgium as part of the framework; that such certificates show that one person is vaccinated against the Coronavirus Covid-19 or recovered, which is possible for safe passenger traffic; in consideration of the obstacles, which are responsible for public authorities who are responsible for admission as part of the regulation (EU) No. 604 /2013 of the European Parliament and the Council of June 26, 2013 to determine the criteria and procedures for the determination of the Member State, which is responsible for the examination of a application for international protection, which is subject to a request for international protection; Raising that the reasonable surveillance and tracing of travelers from third countries, service mentioned in Appendix I of the recommendation (EU) 2020/912 of the Council of June 30, 2020 and a promoter is used for their trip, a passenger locator form (PLF ) must be filled out; that this form serves as the basis for If necessary, to ensure the necessary contact and health monitoring by the responsible services; that this form must be filled in electronically in order to avoid in particular that there is a delay in the preservation of one-time codes for a PCR test and the necessary notification via the health measures to be followed; that the carrier is obliged to check whether all passengers have filled out the electronic version of the PLF before joining; That the airport operator must also check this on the arrival of the Minister of Public Health, the Minister of the Interior and the State Secretary for Asylum and Migration and on the basis of the statement of ministers who advised on the Council, we have decided and enacted : Article 1 - For the application of the present decree, it means: 1. "Promoter:-public or private law aviation company,- public or private law transport company,- transport companies in inland navigation,- public or private rail or bus companies for transport from a country outside of the European Union and the Schengen area, 2nd" border guards " : Employees who exercise a active wage recipient in a country of the European Union or the Schengen area and live in another country of the European Union or the Schengen area in which these employees usually return every day or at least once a week, 3. "Thirdland": Land that belongs to neither the European Union nor the Schengen area, 4"Digital EU-Covid certificate": a certificate, Wiein of the Regulation (EU) 2021/953 of the European Parliament and the Council of June 14, 2021 On a framework for the exhibition, review and recognition of interoperable certificates for a certificate from Covid-19 vaccinations and tests as well as the recovery of a COVID-19 infection (digital covid certificate EU) with the aim of facilitating the freedom of movement during the Covid-19 pandemic and the Ordinance (EU) 2021/954 of the European Parliament and the Council of 14 . June 2021 on a framework for the exhibition, review and recognition of interoperable certificates for the certificate of COVID-19-vaccination and tests as well as the recovery of a COVID-19 infection (digital covid certificate of the EU) for third-country agency law. Legal stay or place of residence in the territory the Member States during the Covid 19 pandemic, 5. "Vaccination certificate": A digital Covid vaccination certificate of the EU on the vaccination with the vaccination in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 726/2004 in the EU-approved vaccine against Covid-19 or with a Covid 19 vaccine for which the procedure for inclusion in the Emergency Use Listing of the World Health Organization (WHO) has been completed, or a certificate of vaccination with a vaccine that was issued in a country that was not part of the European Union and that of the European Commission on the basis of implementation laws or Belgium the basis of bilateral agreements is considered equivalent, and it is certified that everyone has been administered in the package insert for at least two weeks and that after the first vaccination series has been completed, no more than 270 days have passed, or with which it is certified that after completion of the first vaccination series has been given refresher dose. In the absence of an alike The European Commission also accepts a vaccination certificate that has been issued in a country that is not part of the European Union and which contains at least the following information in Dutch, French, German or English:- Data from which the vaccine is (name , Date of birth and/or recognition number),-Data that prove that a vaccine against Covid-19 or a COVID-19-vaccine approved in the EU according to regulation (EC) No. 726/2004 for which the procedure for inclusion in The Emergency Use Listing of the World Health Organization (WHO) has been administered- information that has been certified that the package insert has been administered for at least two weeks and that since the date of the last dose of the first vaccination series, no more than 270 Days have passed, or information, which is certified that after completing the first vaccination series, a refresherd OSIS is administered,- brand name and name of the manufacturer or the owner of the approval for the bringing of the vaccine. If one of the two names is not specified, the batch number must also be specified, date of the administration of any dose of the vaccine or total number of vaccine and designation of the last vaccine and date of the last administering, name of the country, the province or the region, where the vaccination certificate was exhibited,- exhibitor of the vaccination certificate, 6. "Test certificate": a digital EU-Covid certificate or another certificate in Dutch, French, German or English, in which it is stated that either a NAAT test (nucid acid amplification test) with a negative result 72 hours before arrival was carried out in an official laboratory or a Council test (Rapid Antigen Test)-which is listed in the updated list of antigen fast tests for the diagnosis of Covid-19, which is listed on the basis of the recommendation of the recommendation of the recommendation of the recommendation of the Council of January 21, 2021 for a uniform framework for the use and the validation of antigen fast tests and the mutual recognition of the results of COVID-19 tests of the EU-was carried out by a specialist with a negative result, 7"Recovery certificate": a digital covid-reading certificate of the EU or a certificate of recovery that was issued to a country that was not part of the European Union and which is considered equivalent by the European Commission on the basis of implementation law files or by Belgium on the basis of bilateral agreements on the basis of implementation laws or Belgium From that it indicates that no more than 180 days of past since the date of the positive result of the Naat test or the positive result of a council test, the joint list of antigen fast tests for the diagnosis of Covid-19 On the basis of the recommendation of the Council on January 21, 2021 for a uniform framework for the use and validation of antigen fast tests and the mutual recognition of the results of Covid-19 tests in the EU, 8. "Passenger Locator Form": The PLF, as in the title VIII of the collaboration agreement of July 14, 2021 between the federal state, the Flemish community, the French community, the German -speaking community, the joint community commission, the Walloon region and the French Commission on the processing of Dataim Connection with the digital EU-Covid certificate, the Covid Safe Ticket, the PLF and the processing personnel-related data from wage recipients and self-employed people who perform activities abroad and do activities .art. 2 - § 1 - Travelnation not necessarily necessary are prohibited for people who do not have the nationality of a country of the European Union or the Schengen area and have their main place of residence in a third country that is not mentioned in Appendix I of the recommendation (EU) 2020/ 912 of the Council of June 30, 2020 to the temporary limitation, no necessity of necessary trips to the EU and the possible cancellation of this limitation. Diein of the system is considered absolutely necessary for the present decree and are somitrary. For trips that are allowed in accordance with paragraph 2, the traveler must be in possession of a certificate about the absolutely necessary trip. This certificate is issued by the Belgian diplomatic or consular representation if it is demonstrated that the trip is absolutely necessary. If a carrier is used, it is obliged to check whether the travelers mentioned in paragraph 3 are in possession of this certificate. If this certificate is missing, the carrier must prohibit it. In deviation from paragraph 3, a certificate is not necessary if the absolutely necessary character of the trip from the official documentum in the company. , misleading or incomplete information in this certificate and If the absolutely necessary character of the trip does not result from the official documents in possession of the traveler, the entry may be in accordance with Article 14 of the Schengen border code 43 of the Act of December 15, 1980. State, the residence, the branch and the identification of foreigners are denied. § 2- The measures mentioned in §1 do not apply to travelers who own a vaccination or recovery certificate, nor for people up to the age of 17, including those with an accompanying passenger trips that is in the possession of a vaccination or recovery certificate A carrier is used, he is obliged to check whether the travelers and accompanying persons mentioned in paragraph 1 are in the possession of a vaccination or recovery certificate. If this certificate of vaccination or recovery is missing, the carrier must prohibit the entry. In the absence of such a vaccination or recovery certificate or in the case of incorrect, misleading or incomplete information in this certificate of vaccination or recovery, the entry may be in accordance with Article 14 of the Schengen border code or Article 43 of the Act from December 15, 1980 about entry into the state, the residence, the branch and the identification of foreigners are refused. § 3 - Without prejudice to paragraph1 and 2, it is persons who have been on the territory of the third country during the past 14 days during the past 14 days, which on the website "Info -Coronavirus.be" of the federal public service, security of the food chain and environment As an area with a very high risk, prohibited to go directly or indirectly onto the Belgian territory, if it does not have Belgian citizenship or do not have their main place of residence in Belgium, with the exception of the following permitted travel: 1Work-related traveling personnel, the freight personnel and the seafarers, the crews of tugs and pilot boats and the industrial staff, which is employed in offshore wind farms, provided they have a certificate of employer, 2. Traveling diplomats, trips to the staff of international organizations and trips of the persons invited by international organizations, whose physical presence is necessary for a proper functioning of these organizations, in the exercise of their function, provided that they are issued by the Belgian diplomatic or consular representation about the absolutely necessary trip have 3. Traveling of the spouse or the life partner of people who have Belgian citizenship or have their main residence in Inbelgium, provided they live under the same roof and trips of their children, which are issued by the Belgian diplomatic or consular representation via the absolutely have the necessary trip. Life partners also have to plausibly demonstrate the stable and permanent character of the relationship, 4. Travel through outside the Schengen area and the European Union, 5. Throughout the trip to Belgium from third countries, which are classified with very high risk, into the country of nationality or the main place of residence, provided this country is in the European Union or in the Schengen area, 6. Travel for mandatory humanitarian reasons, provided that they have a certificate of mandatory humanitarian reasons by the Belgian diplomatic or consular representative and approved by the immigration office, 7th trips of people whose physical presence is essential for national security, provided that they are one of the Belgian diplomatic Or have consular representation issued and have the deemy of the immigration office. If this certificate or proof of the approved transit is missing, the carrier must prohibit the entry. The prohibition of traveling into Belgian state-territorial trips to which a third-country sales 1 is shown in the Belgian "Info-Coronavirus .be "specified time and at the earliest 24 hours of publication on this website in Kraft.art. 3 - § 1 - for travel from a third country, which is not mentioned in Appendix I of the recommendation (EU) 2020/912 of the Council of June 30, 2020 for temporary restrictions to not absolutely necessary trips to the EU and the abolition of this restriction,, And in which a promoter is claimed, the traveler is obliged to fill the electronic version of the passenger chain and the food chain published on the website of the federal public service and to carry out the transporter published by the food and the transportation. Check that all passengers have filled out the electronic version of the passenger regalization form. If this form is missing, the carrier must prohibit the entry. Upon arrival on the Belgian territory, the airport operator again checks whether the electronic version of the passenger regulation form has been filled out in accordance with the instructions of the competent authority. § 2-The traveler is obliged to provide evidence of the submission of the completed passenger-solving form, namely During the entire trip to the final determination in Belgium and the following 48 hours. § 3 - In the execution of the present article based on the electronic passenger -solving form, personal data collected can be collected in database I - mentioned Article 1 § 1 No. 6 of the cooperation agreement from 25August 2020 between the federal state, the Flemish community, the Walloon region, the German -speaking community and the joint community commission in relation to the joint processing of data by sciensano and the federated sub -areas or the responsible agencies determined by the competent agencies, health inspection services and mobile teams within the frame A contact in (probably) Coronavirus Covid -19 infected people based on a database at Sciensano - registration and for the processing purposes specified in Article 3 of the above work agreement are processed and exchanged. 4- People from the age of 12 who enter Belgian state and do not have their main residence in Belgium must have a vaccination, test or recovery certificate. If necessary, the carrier is obliged to check that these persons have a vaccination, test or recovery certificate before joining. If a vaccination, test or recovery certificate is missing, the carrier must prohibit the entry. In the absence of an vaccination, test or recovery certificate or in the event of false, misleading or incomplete information, this certificate can enter according to Article 14 of the Schengen border code or Article 43 of the Law December 15, 1980 on entry into the state, the residence that is denied the branching and the identification of foreigners. And their stay in Belgium does not exceed 48 hours or whose previous whitewash did not take longer than 48 hours. This exception does not apply to persons who have been on the territory of the third country during the last 14 days before their arrival in Belgium, which is shown as an area with the very high risk in accordance with Article 2 Section 3 (1). 5 - The obligation provided for in Article 4 does not apply to trips that are made by the following categories of people: 1. If the function of their function is traveling to Belgium:- Employees of the traffic sector or traffic service provider, including truck drivers who promote goods for use in the territory, and those that are only on the passage- sailing, crews of tugs and pilot boats and industrial staff, which in Offshore wind farms is employed,- cross-border commuters, 2. Students, students and interns who travel to Belgium at least once a week as part of their cross -border studies or a cross -border internship, 3. People who travel to Belgium in the context of cross -border margins, 4. People who are transferred between Belgium and another EU member state as part of the Regulation (EU) No. 604/2013 of the European Parliament and the Council of June 26, 2013 to determine the criteria and procedure for the Member State for the examination of one of a third-country or stateless application for international protection in a member state, or in the context of bilateral agreements if the required counterparts have been made between Belgium and the other EU member states. During the last 14 days ahead of her arrival Belgium in the territory of a third country, which is shown as an area with a very high risk in accordance with Article 2 §3 paragraph 1. 6 - Andorra, Monaco, San Marino and the Vatican are considered the countries of the European Union.art. 7 - The measures prescribed by the presentation are up to the31. July 2022 including applicable .art. 8 - The issue will enter Kraft.Art.art on the day of his publication in the Belgian State Gazette. 9 - The minister responsible for the public, the minister responsible for the internal and the minister responsible for entry into the state, the residence, the branch and the identification of foreigners, each for his area, with the execution of the present decree. Brussels, March 10, 2022philippevon king because of: the Minister of People's Health. Vandenbrouckedie Ministerines Innerna. Landing state secretary for asylum and migration. Mahdianlagezum royal decree of 10March 2022list of the absolutely necessary trips from third-party Belgium for travelers who do not have the nationality of a country of the European Union or the Schengen area and have their main place of residence in a third country that is not mentioned inanatz I of the recommendation (EU) 2020/912 of the Council of June 30, 2020 to the temporary restriction not necessary to travel to the EU and the possible cancellation of these limitation for the application of Article 2 § 1 of the present decree, the following trips are considered absolutely necessary: ​​1. Work -related trips from health specialists, researchers in the field of health and specialists in geriatric care, 2. Care -related trips from border guards, 3. Occupational ants of seasonal workers in the agricultural and gardening sector, 4. Work -related traveling personnel, 5. Traveling diplomats, the staff of international organizations and institutions and the persons invited by international organizations and institutions, whose physical presence for the proper functioning of these organizations and institution is required, professional trips from the military personnel, the law enforcement officers, customs staff, the magistrates, the Humanitarian staff and the staff of civil protection in the exercise of her function, 6. Travel outside the Schengen area and the European Union, 7. Travel for mandatory family reasons, namely:- Travel that is justified by one-family merging within the meaning of the law of December 15, 1980 through entry into the state, the residence, the branch and the identification of foreigners- visitors to a spouse or life partner, who does not live under the same roof, provided the stable and permanent character of the relationship can be proven plausibly, travel within the framework of the co-parents (including treatments in the context of medically assisted reproduction), travel within the framework of a burial or cremation of relatives first and second levels ,- Travel as part of a civil or religious marriage of relatives and second degree, 8. Professional travel of seafarers, 9. Travel for humanitarian reasons (including trips for mandatory medical reasons or to continue ancillary medical treatment and to help older people, minors, people with disability or those in need of disability), 10. Travel for study reasons, including trips to students, students and interns who complete an apprenticeship as part of their studies, and of research with a admission agreement, 11. Traveling of highly qualified persons if their work is economically necessary and cannot be postponed, including trips to professional athletes who are recognized as top athletes, from professional powers of the cultural sector, provided they have a combined permission, and journalists in the practice of their professional activity. Traveling people who come to Belgium to carry out an activity as a wage receiver, including au pair youth, regardless of the duration of this activity, if this has been permitted by the responsible region (work permit or proof that thieves have been met for an exemption ), Travel of people who come to Belgium to perform an activity as a self -employed person regardless of the duration of this activity, provided that the responsible region has been permitted (valid professional card or proof that the conditions are fulfilled for a liberation), 12 . Traveling of the spouse or partner of people who have the nationality of a country of the European Union or the Schengen area accompanies Wenner and if they live under the same roof and travel their children who live under the same roof. Life partners must also have the stable and permanent character of the relationship in plausible notes in order to be attached to our decree of March 10, 2022 to Brussels, March 10, 2022philippevon Königs because of: the minister of the people's health. Vandenbrouckedie Minister of the Innera. Loss of Leaving State for Asylum and Migration. Mahdi