Publication: 2020-04-07NUMAC: 2018014264Federal Public Service Foreign Affairs, Foreign Trade and Development Cooperation 11 September 2015.-Law consenting to the Protocol in Brussels on 19 January 2010, to amend the agreement between the Kingdom of Belgium and the state of Malta to Avoiding double taxation and to prevent the avoidance of tax, and the protocol, signed in Brussels on 28 June 1974, as amended by the additional agreement signed in Brussels on 23 June 1993 (1) (2) (3) Filip , King of the Belgians, to all who are now and hereinafter referred to our greeting. The Chamber of Representatives and we confirm, which follows: Article 1. This law regulates a matter as referred to in Article 74 of the Constitution Act.Art. 2. The Protocol, done in Brussels on January 19, 2010, amending the agreement between the Kingdom of Belgium and the state of Malta to avoid double tax Entot. 1974, as amended by the supplementary agreement signed in Brussels on 23 June 1993, will have completely consequently. Defend this law, order that it will be held with the country's seal and will be announced by the Belgian Official Gazette. Given in Brussels, 11 September 2015.Filipvanningsverwijd: The Minister of Foreign Affairs and European Affairs, d. Reyndersdeminister of Finance, j. Van Overtveldt with the country seal sealed: Deminister of Justice, k. Geens ________e Note (1) Chamber of representatives (www.dekamer.be): Pieces:. No. 54-1144.integral report: 02/07/2015. (2) See Decree of the Flemish Community/The Flemish Region of 07/06/ 2013 (Belgian Official Gazette of 10/07/2013), Decree of the French Community of 25/06/2015 (Belgian Official Gazette of 08/07/2015), decree of the deduitable community of 02/03/2015 (Belgian Official Gazette of 27/ 03/2015), Decree of the Walloon Region of 12/03/2015 (Belgian Official Gazette of 24/03/2015), ordinance of the Brussels -Capital Region of 23/06/2017 (Belgian Official Gazette of 06/07/2017). (3 ) Date of entry into force: 31/07/2017 (art. II). Protocol to change the agreement between Kingdom Belgia and the state of Malta to avoid double taxation and to prevent the avoidance of tax, and the protocol signed in Brussels on 28 June 1974, as amended by the additional agreement signed in Brussels on 23 June 1993th the government of the Kingdom Row K Belgium's legislation of Malta, wishing to change the agreement between the Kingdom of Belgium and the state of Malta for the avoidance of double taxation and to prevent taxing, and the protocol, signed in Brussels on 28 June 1974, as amended by the OP 23 June 1993 in Brussels -a -signed additional agreement (hereinafter referred to as "the Agreement"), the following has been taken: article IDE Text of Article 26 of the Agreement is being lifted by the following text: "1. The competent authorities of the Contracting States exchange the information that are expected to be relevant to the implementation of the provisions of this agreement or for the application or implementation of the national legislation with regard to taxes of any type and name that are levied by or for the purpose of The Contracting States, insofar as the taxation provided for in which national legislation provides is not contrary to the agreement. The exchange of information is not limited by Articles 1 and 2.2. The information obtained by a Contracting State pursuant to paragraph 1 is kept secret on the same way as information obtained under the national legislation of that State are only brought to the knowledge of persons or authorities (including judicial authorities administrative bodies) that are involved in the establishment or collection of the taxes in paragraph 1 intended in paragraph 1, in the enforcement or prosecution of those taxes, in the decision in appeals relating to those taxes, or in the supervision thereof . These persons or authorities only use those information for those purposes. They may make these information known during public court sessions or in court decisions. Notwithstanding the preceding, the information received by a Contracting State may be used for other purposes if they may be used for those other purposes in accordance with the legislation of both States and if the competent authority of the State provides the information, the consent to that use .3Under no circumstances may the provisions of paragraphs 1 and 2 be interpreted that they impose a contracting state the obligation to take: (a) administration measures that deviate from the legislation and the administrative practice of that or the other agreement concluding State; (b) Information; to be provided that are not available according to the legislation or in the normal course of the administrative activities of that or the other Contracting State; (c) to provide information that would reveal a trade, industrial or professional secrecy or a trading method, or Information whose provision would be contrary to public order.4. If, on the basis of the provisions of this article, information was requested for information, the other Contracting State uses the means on which he has to obtain the requested information, even if that other state does not need that information for its own tax purposes. The obligation contained in the previous sentence is subject to the limitations provided for in section 3 of this article, but those restrictions should not be interpreted in any casealdus that they allow a Contracting State to provide the provision of intelligence only because that state has no domestic interest with those information.5. The provisions of paragraph 3 of this article may be interpreted in this way that they allow a Contracting State to refuse the provision of information only because the intelligence is the possession of a bank, another financial institution, a trust, a foundation, A proxy or a person who works in the capacity of a representative or a confidential adviser or because the information relates to ownership interests in a person. In order to obtain such information, the tax administration of the requested Contracting State has the authority to make information to make information known and to make an investigation and interrogation, notwithstanding provisions in the domestic tax legislation of that State. State in the event of a diplomatic road knowledge of the completion of the procedures required by its legislation for the entry into force of this protocol. The protocol will take effect on the date of the last of these notifications. The provisions thereof will apply: a) with regard Until the debts due at the source on income granted or made affordable on or after January 1 of the year that follows the year in which the protocol entered into force; b) with regard to the other taxes levied from BE income from BE Breenable eras that start opof after January 1 of the year that immediately follows the year in which the protocol entered into force; c) with regard to all other taxes levied by or on behalf of the Contracting States, on any other tax due With regard to taxable facts that occur on or after 1 January of the year that immediately follows the year in which the protocol entered into force. Articles of protocol, which will form an integrating part of the Agreement, will remain in force in force of the agreement remains and will apply as long as the agreement itself applies. Agreement Between the Kingdom of Belgium the State of Malta for the Avoidance of Double Taxation An D the prevention of fiscal evasion, Andthe Protocol, Signed at Brussels on June 28, 1974 AS amended by the supplementary Agreement Signed Atbrussels on 23 June 1993the Government of the Kingdom of BelgiumeThegovernment of Malta and the State to Amende The Agreement The Agreement The Agreement The Agreement The Agreement The Agreement The Agreement The Agreement of Malta for the avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion, and the Protocol, Signed at Brussels on June 28, 1974, AS Amended by the Supplementary Agreement Signed at Brussels on 23June 1993, (Hereinfter referred to as "The Agreement") , Have agreed as follows: ARTICLITHE TEXT OF ARTICLE 26 of the Agreement is Deleted and replaced by the following: 1. The competent Authorities of the Contracting States Shall Exchange Such Information AS Is Foreseeffyrelevant for Carrying Out the Provisions of this Agreement Out the Provisions of this Agreement Out The Provisions of this Provisions of this Provisions of this Agreement Out The OR Enforcement of the Domestic Laws Concerning Taxes of Every child and description Imposed by or ON Behalf of the Contractingstates, Insofa R As the Taxation Thereunder is not contrary to the agreementThe exchange of informationis not restricted by Articles 1 and 2.2. Any information received under paragraph 1 by a ContractingState shall be treated as secret in the same manner as information obtained under the domestic laws ofthat State and shall be disclosed only to persons or authorities (including courts and administrativebodies) concerned with the assessment or collection of, the enforcement or prosecution in respect of,the determination of appeals in relation to the taxes referred to in paragraph 1, or the oversight ofthe above. Such persons or authorities shall use the information only for such purposes. They may disclosethe information in public court proceedings or in judicial decisions. Notwithstanding the foregoing,information received by a Contracting State may be used for other purposes when such information maybe used for such other purposes under the laws of both States and the competent authority of the supplyingState authorises such use.3. In no case shall the provisions of paragraphs 1 and 2 be construedso as to impose on a Contracting State the obligation:(a) to carry out administrative measuresat variance with the laws and administrative practice of that or of the other Contracting State;(b)to supply information which is not obtainable under the laws or in the normal course of the administrationof that or of the other Contracting State;(c) to supply information which would disclose anytrade, business, industrial, commercial or professional secret or trade process, or information, thedisclosure of which would be contrary to public policy (ordre public).4. If information isrequested by a Contracting State in accordance with the provisions of this Article, the other ContractingState shall use its information gathering measures to obtain the requested information, even though thatother State may not need such information for its own tax purposes. The obligation contained in the precedingsentence is subject to the limitations of paragraph 3 of this Article but in no case shall such limitationsbe construed to permit a Contracting State to decline to supply information solely because it has nodomestic interest in such information.5. In no case shall the provisions of paragraph 3 ofthis Article be construed to permit a Contracting State to decline to supply information solely becausethe information is held by a bank, other financial institution, trust, foundation, nominee or personacting in an agency or a fiduciary capacity or because it relates to ownership interests in a person.In order to obtain such information the tax administration of the requested Contracting State shall havethe power to ask for the disclosure of information and to conduct investigations and hearings notwithstandingany contrary provisions in its domestic tax laws.ARTICLE IIEach of the ContractingStates shall notify the other Contracting State, through diplomatic channels, of the completion of theprocedures required by its law for the bringing into force of this Protocol. The Protocol shall enterinto force on the date of the later of these notifications and its provisions shall have effect:a)with respect to taxes due at source on income credited or payable on or after January 1 of the year nextfollowing the year in which the Protocol entered into force;b) with respect to other taxescharged on income of taxable periods beginning on or after January 1 of the year next following the yearin which the Protocol entered into force;c) with respect to any other taxes imposed by or onbehalf of the Contracting States, on any other tax due in respect of taxable events taking place on orafter January 1 of the year next following the year in which the Protocol entered into force.ARTICLEIIIThis Protocol, which shall form an integral part of the Agreement, shall remain in forceas long as the Agreement remains in force and shall apply as long as the Agreement itself is applicable.INWITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned duly authorised thereto by their respective governments, have signedthis Protocol.DONE in duplicate at Brussels, on this 19th day of January 2010, in the Englishlanguage.