Publication: 2021-02-04Numac: 202020205311federal Public Service Employment, Labor and Social Consultation 20 December 2020.-Royal Decree in which the collective employment contract of 24 March 2020 is declared generally concluded in the joint subcommité for the servants of the establishments of the subsidized Free Education of the Flemish Community, concerning the measures in connection with COVID-19 (1) Filip, King of the Belgians, to all who are now and will be here, our regards. Parital committees, in particular on Article 28; Having regard to the request of the joint subcommittee for the employees of the establishments of the subsidized free education of the Flemish Community; we have decided on the nomination of the Minister of Work, and we decide: Article 1. General Verbinding is declared the collective employment contract of 24 March as an appendix 2020, closed in the joint subcommittee for the employees of the establishments of the subsidized free education of the Flemish Community, concerning the measures related to COVID-19. Art. 2. Deminister competent for work is responsible for the implementation of this decision in Brussels, 20 December 2020. Filipvan Koningsweight: The Minister of Work, p.-y.dermaagne ______ bill (1) Reference to the Belgian Official Gazette: Act of December 5, 1968 , Belgian Official Gazette of 15 January 1969. Appendix parlorial committee for the employees of the establishments of the subsidized free education of the Flemish Community collective labor agreement of 24 March 2020 measures in connection with COVID-19 (Agreement Registeredop 25 May 2020 under the number 158579/CO/225.01) chapter I. - General article1. This collective employment contract applies to the employers and employees (male/female) who fall under the joint subcommittee for the servants of the establishments of the subsidy -free education of the Flemish Community, with the exception of the colleges.art. 2. The aim of this collective employment contract is to give contractual staff members a similar legal protection as staff who receives a weddet allowance. Chapter II. - Alternative labor. 3. In the period from 16 March 2020 to 4 April 2020, the employee can get alternative assignments within the institution. These assignments take into account the capacities of the employee.art.4. During the execution of the assignments, the employer provides: - the necessary information about the protection of the employee; - the necessary material for the protection of the employee. Chapter III. - force majeure. 5. This chapter applies in the following cases in the period from 16 March 2020 to 4 April 2020: - the normal work or alternative work as determined in Chapter II is no longer possible - - the staff member is a risk group. In this case, the employer can request a medical certificate;- the staff member is placed in quarantine. In this case, the employer can request a medical certificate. Art.6. The implementation of the employment contract is suspended for force majeure. During the suspension, the staff member receives his ordinary wage. Chapter IV. - Final provisions. 7. This collective labor agreement is concluded for an indefinite period. It can be canceled by each of the parties to a cancellation period of six months. The cancellation is served by registered writing and is addressed to the chairman of the joint subcommittee for the servants of the establishments of the subsidized free education of the Flemish Community.art. 8. In accordance with Article14 of the Law of 5 December 1968 on the collective employment contracts and the Paritaire Committees, with regard to the signing of this collective employment contract, the signatures of the persons who enter into this on behalf of the employee organizations on the one hand and on behalf of the employer organizations, replaced by the, Signed by the chairman and the secretary and approved by the members of the meeting. The Minister of Work, P.-Y. Dermagne