Publication: 2020-11-03numac: 2020043485waalse Government Service29 October 2020.-Decree on the granting of special powers to the Walloon government to respond to the Second Gulf of the Health Crisis COVID-13 for the matters arranged for Article 138 of the Constitution (1) The Walloon Parliament has adopted and we, Walloon Government, ratified it follows: Article 1. This decree, in accordance with Article 138 of the Constitution, regulates matters in Articles 127, § 1, and 128, § 1, of it. 2. § 1. In order to enable the Walloon government to respond to the COVID-19 Pandemie, the government can take all useful measures to each in the authority that fall under the competence of the Walloon Region under Article 138 of the Constitution to prevent and treat the situation that causes problems in the strict framework of the COVID-19 Pandemie and its consequences and that must be arranged urgently to be a serious danger. § 2. The decisions stipulated in paragraph 1 may eliminate, supplement, change or replace the current Secretal provisions even in the matters that are explicitly reserved for the decree by Degenbeget. These decisions can in particular determine the administrative, civil and criminal punishments that apply on the offense thereof. The criminal sanctions may not contain penalties that are higher, which connects the completed, amended or replacement legislation to the relevant violations at the moment of entry into force of this decree.art. 3. § 1. The decisions referred to in Article 2 can be adopted without the legal or regulatory requirements being pre -won. The first paragraph applies to the advice of the Act of the Council of State in the cases specialized by the government. However, if the government considers it possible to request the advice of the Council of State, it can do so within the determination period, where appropriate by electronic road. § 2. The decisions referred to in Article 1 are informed immediately and in any case before its publication in the Belgian Official Journal of the Chairman of the Parliament.Art. 4. § 1. The decree decisions referred to in Article 2 are confirmed within a period of one year of the entry into force of the entry into force. In the absence of confirmation within the period referred to in paragraph 1, they are nevertheless deemed to have never had the effect. § 2. The government can re -lift, supplement or replace the confirmed provisions, if at least a material legal basis is available. The authorization given to the government in this decree is valid for one month from its entry into force.Art. 6. This decree comes into effect the day after the day of ratification by the Walloon Government. Determine this decree, orders that it will be announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. Prime Minister and Minister of Economy, Foreign Trade, Research, Innovation, Digital Technologies, Spatial Planning, Agriculture, the "IFAPME", and the skills centers, W.Borsusde Vice-Minister President and Minister of Climate, Energy and Mobility, PH .Henryde vice-minister president and minister of work, training, health, social action, equal opportunities and women's rights, Ch. MORREALEDE Minister of Finance, Budget, Airports Sports infrastructures, J.-L. Cruckede Minister of Housing, Local Directors, and Urban Policy, Ch. Collignonde Minister of Civil Service, Computer Science, Administration Filling, charged with child benefit, tourism, heritage and road safety, v. The BUEDEMINARDER OF ENVIRONMENT, NATURE, BOSSENS, RIDE ATTAGES AND DIRECTION WORTH, c. Tellier ______ Note (1) Session 2020-2021. Pieces of the Walloon Parliament 317 (2020-2021) NRS. 1 to 3. Complete report, plenary meeting of 28 October 2020.BeSpeking. voting.