Publication: 2020-02-17Numac: 2020040323brussels-Capital Region 11 February 2020.-Ministerial Decree establishing the models of application for certificate and of certificate referred to in Article 442bis of the Income Tax Code 1992 as applicable to the immovable surveyed Minister of the Brussels -Capital Government, charged with Finance and Budget, in view of the special law of 16 January 1989 concerning the financing of the communities and regions, Article 5; Having regard to the Income Tax Code as applicable to the property tax, Article 442bis, § 5 , amended by ordinance pan 7 December 2017 containing various provisions in the light of the acquisition of the property tax service and the amendment of the ordinance of 21 December 2012 establishing the tax procedure in the Brussels -Capital Region; in view of the decision of the Brussels -Capital Regulation of 3 0 November 2017 on the appointment of civil servants in the context of the takeover of Dedienst Real levy on 1 January 2018, Article 7; Having regard to the Equal Chance Test that of the Ordinnance of 4 October 2018 introducing the Equal Kansentestwerd on 13 January 2020, Division legislation, Decree: Article 1. The model of the application referred to in Article442bis, § 5, of the Code of Income Taxes 1992 as applicable to the property tax, has been resumed in Appendix 1 of this Decree. 2. The model of the certificate intended in Article 442bis, § 5, of the Code of Income Taxes 1992 As applicable to the property tax, has been resumed in Appendix 2 of this Decree. 3. This decision has elaborated with effect from 1 January 2018.brussel, 11 February 2020. The Minister's Minister of the Brussels -Capital Government, charged with Finance, Budget, Public Ambt and the Promotion of Multilingualism, S. Gatz for the consultation of the table, see imagePublication: 2020-03-20numac: 2020040380brussels-Capital call for candidacy (m/f/x). - Vacant relation of director/director-service head (A4) Back Office at the regional government service Brussels Taxation in the French-speaking Language Roldegewestelijk Public Service Brussels Taxation is subject to the provisions of the Decree of the Brussels-Capital Government of 21 March 2018 containing the administrative status and the remuneration scheme for The officials of the regional government services of Brussels. With the application of Book IV of the aforementioned decision, the Brussels -Capital Government declares the relevant relation described below and transfers to the public call for candidates for this position. The following: Director/director-service head (A4) Back Office to be filled in with the Regional Public Service Brussels Taxation Agreement Article 454 of the aforementioned Decree will be appointed by the Brussels-Capital Government. The duration of the mandate has been set for 5 years. The mandate holder will be evaluated during the exercise and after the end of his/hair mandate. Brussels taxation has a very clear mission from the start: on the one hand defiscal powers perform correctly, on the other hand, the taxes customer -oriented, efficient and effective and in a credible, careful and responsible manner collect. In order to give this as well as possible, the Brussels Taxation Government gave the following strategic objectives: • Providing the service of taxes and administrative fines • the takeover of the Development of Tax Department; are with regard to taxation (and patrimony documentation); • Expansion of a full-volval tax service platform; • Being an attractive and self-development-oriented employer; • The proactive development and contribution of new policy-administrative initiatives. The general admission conditions determined in Article 36 of the aforementioned decision, namely: 1. show behavior in accordance with the requirements of the intended relationship; 2. enjoy the civil and political rights; 3. Holder are of a diploma of level A or holder are delivered from a certificate by the communities or institutions recognized by the same and which grant access to the position for which the selection is organized. In addition, the candidates, as required in Article 442 of the aforementioned decision, are themselves At least on one of the undercompetent titles and merits can appeal:- Having at least nine years of seniority in level A function-- have at least six years of managerial experience. Management experience is understood to mean experience on management in a government service or in an organization from deprivésector. Any candidacy must contain the following elements:- an explanation of the titles and merits that the candidate/candidate presents to apply for the relationship with use of the Standardized CV As stipulated in Article 445 § 3 of the aforementioned decisions of which the model was recorded by the ministered candidates whose candidacy was declared admissible by the Selection Committee, are invited for an interview. This includes an assessment test, as determined by Article 452 of the aforementioned decision. The assessment testing of a set of simulation exercises that are intended to check whether someone has over the required skills and capacities for a specific relationship. Every candidate/candidate a motivated advice from account:- the agreement of the candidate/candidate's profile with the job description, tested after the aforementioned interview;- the titles and merits that the candidate/candidate asserts;- the result of the assessment After the end of the selection and after analysis of their candidacy, the candidates are registered in or group A "Suitable" or Groepb "not suitable" in the event of a motivated decision. The candidates are ranked in group A. Changing Article 454 of the aforementioned decision, the Brussels -Capital Government indicates the mandate holder under the candidates of Group A.Op Straaf of nullity, the candidacy must be sent to "Talent.Brussels, Secretariat of within a period of 35 days of 35 days the mandates, Emile Jacqmainlaan 20, 1000 Brussels. This term starts on the day after the publication of this call for candidacy in the Belgian State magazine. The envelope with your candidacy must be in a second envelope (every envelope must be the inscription "Appicant director- Main service A4 Back Office " -" Confidential: don't open "mention")The candidates should also send their candidacy to the following address via e-mail: dvanmerris@talent.brussels within the aforementioned period. The job description, the objectives to be achieved, the standardized curriculum vitae and information regarding the procedure can be obtained from the Mandates of Talent Mandates.brussels - 02.435.15.12 - dvanmerris@talent.brussels