Publication: 2020-07-15Numac: 2020042276Federal Public Service Finance 9 July 2020.-Royal Decree to amend the Annex III of the KB/WIB 92 on the part of the surviving tax on the legal benefits for primary disability of employees (1) Filip, Koning of the Belgians, to all who are now and will hereinafter refer to the 1992 Income Tax Code:- Article 275, §§1 and 2; Having regard to the KB/WIB 92:- Article 88;- Annex III, Predominantly law of 24 June 2020 granting a temporary supplement to the benefits for primary work disability; in view of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12 ,1973, Article 3, § 1; in view of the urgent necessity; periods of primary incapacity for work that start from 1 March 2020 are temporarily granted supplementary actions to employees;- that these additional disability benefits with retroactive KRA have been introduced;- that on legal benefits for disability in the rule 11.11 pCt. withholding tax must be withheld;- that in accordance with number2.12.b.1.b) of the application rules of the appendix III to the KB/WIB 92, however, the net benefit in the event of primary labor disapproval should not fall under a certain amount due to the withholding of the withholding of the withholding tax;- that the latter rule makes the temporary additional primary unsuitability benefits very complex and difficult to implement the tax benefits for the benefit institutions;- that the benefit institutions can already pay the temporary supplementary unitness benefits in principle; - that the payment of the temporary additional primary disability benefits should not be compromised by the complexity of the calculation of the withholding tax;- that it has therefore been considered to simplify the rule and always 11.11 pCt. withholding tax on the temporary additional primary disability benefits, if that percentage is in principle applied to the ordinary benefits- that this amended regulation must be brought to the benefit institutions as soon as possible- that this decision must therefore be urgently affected; The vice-first minister and finance minister, have decided and we decide: Article 1. number 2.12.b.1.b) of the application rules of Debijlage III of the KB/WIB 92, replaced by the Royal Decree of 11 December 2019 , is supplemented by a member, reading: "The first and second paragraph do not apply to the supplementary actions that are paid or granted in the implementation of the law of 24 June 2020 granting a temporary supplement to the benefits for primary disability. These supplementary ceilings are also not taken into account for the application of the first and TW Eede member. ". Art.2. This decision has elaboration from 24 June 2020 and applies to the supplementary benefit from the same date being paid or granted.art. 3. The minister who is competent for pre-finances is charged with the implementation of this Decree in Brussels, July 9, 2020.Filipvanoningsweight: the Vice-first minister and Minister of Finance, a. De Croo _________cales (1) References to the Belgian Official Gazette: Code of the Income Taxes 1992, Coordinated by Royal Decree of 10 April 1992, Belgian Official Gazette of 30 July 1992. Kononbulent Decree on 27 August 1993 implementing the Code of Income Taxes 1992, Belgian Official magazine 13 September 1993 Law of 24 June 2020 granting a temporary supplement to the benefits for primary disability, Belgian Official Gazette of 2 JUI 202020 Laws on the Council of State, coordinated by Royal Decree of 12 January 1973, Belgian Official Gazette of21 March 1973 -Konlijk Decree of 11 December 2019 for amendment of the KB/WIB 92, on the dock of the withholding tax, Belgian Official Gazette of 20 December 2019Publication: 2020-07-15Numac: 2020042279federal government service Social Security 26 June 2020.-Royal Decree No. 47 implementing Article 5, § 1, 3 ° and 5 °, of the law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the King OM to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II), with a view to granting a temporary premium to the beneficiaries on certain social assistance benefits report on the Koningsire, I am the honor of the Royal Decree To sign up that the beneficiaries on certain social social assistance benefits grant a monthly premium of 50 euros for the months of July 2020 to December 2020. This temporary premium is intended to absorb denegative consequences and additional costs that the COVID-19-Pandemie For this vulnerable category of the Royal Decree: the COVID-19 Pandemie has a large economic crisis and additional costs Vero Order that can lead to poverty. According to the studies of the Federal Planning Bureau, the decrease in the welfare level of Belgians for the coming months will be greater than in 2008. This risk of poverty is even greater for the vulnerable categories that have already had to rely on social assistance. After all, these families were already confronted with a lot of hardship during the lockdown period. With the economic and social crisis that takes care of it, it is difficult for these families to endure even more in the coming months. They need a push to limit this negative impact. In view of Article23 of the Constitution, each has the right to live a decent life, the intention is to grant a temporary premium the negative effects of the COVID-19 to catch pandemia. Then the premium is awarded from 1 July 2020. The wish is that every beneficiary of a social enforcement benefit can better bear the consequences of the Corona crisis, regardless of its category. This premium can be granted to the beneficiaries on the following social social assistance benefits: • a guaranteed income for the elderly referred to in the law of 1 April 1969 to establish a guaranteed income for the elderly (hereinafter: the GI) • An income guarantee referred to in the law of 22 March 2001 establishing an income guarantee for Elderly people (hereinafter: the IGO) • an integration allowance and/or income replacement allowance under the law of 27 February 19 87 concerning the allowances to persons with disabilities (hereinafter: Detegemonkomings to Persons with Disabilities); • a living wage pursuant to Article 14, § 1 of the Law of 26 May 2002 on the right to social integration (hereinafter: Hetleefloon) • A financial assistance under Article 60, § 3, of the Organic Act of 8 July 1976 on the public centers for social welfare and of which this support has been paid by the State pursuant to Article 1 of the Ministerial Decree of 30 January 1995 to arrange the reimbursement by the State of the costs of services provided by the public centers for social welfare to a needy who does not has not been registered in the population register (hereinafter: the assistance equivalent to the living wage). Communal rules: for this temporary premium apply, regardless of the social assistance benefit that hair rights, the following common rules: • The premium is temporarily and Wordtenkel for the months July 2020 to December 2020; Anders' amount of the premium is 50 euros per beneficiary; • The premium can only be paid to a beneficiary once over the various social social assistance benefits. The first possibility of payment based on the GI or the IGO is investigated. Afterwards, the payment is investigated based on one of the allowances for persons with disabilities. Finally, the possibility of payment based on the living wage or a assistance equivalent to the living wage, investigated; • In order to support the persons concerned, the premium is not susceptible to transfer or seizure and exempt from any tax and social -law deduction; the determination of the right to the GI or the IGO considered a fully exempt income; • In the event of the death of the entitlement, the premium can be paid out on the same way as the benefit that justifies it. Being specific to the social assistance benefit that justifies it. Rules specifically for the GI and the IGO: the premium only is affordable to the extent that the GI or the IGO that justifies it is affordable for the same month. The premium amounts to 50 euros a month for the entitlement, from a Gi or an IGOThe provisions regarding prescription and recovery foreseen Article 21 of the law of 13 June 1966 on the rest and survival pensions for workers, servants, seafarers under the Belgian flag, miners and voluntary insured persons are also applicable to this premium. Rules specific to the allowances to persons With a handicap: de -premium is paid as soon as the right to an invalidity benefit is granted. In accordance with the regulations, the right to the premium thus into effect on the first day of the month that follows the month where the person meets the legal conditions to enjoy such a allowance in the earliest on the first day of the month that follows the date of submission of the application. Depremy is 50 euros a month for each beneficiary 4 provides that the premium does not be granted to persons with disabilities who can obtain it in the context of their rights with GI or an IGO rules specifically for lifestyle defects and beneficiaries and beneficiaries of a assistance equivalent to the living wage: this premium is granted per month insofar as this is the benefit of a living wage or a assistance equivalent to this. This premium is 50 euros for every beneficiary The Belgian Official Gazette is announced. I have the honor to be, Sire, Vanuwe Majesty, the very respectful and very faithful servant, the Minister of Justice, K.Geensde Minister of Finance, a. De Croode Minister of Social Affairs, with the Minister of Pensions, d. Bacquelainede Minister of Social Integration, d. Ducarmede Minister of Work, charged with fighting poverty, equal opportunities and persons with disabilities, n. Muylle26 June 2020. - Royal Decree No. 47 implementing Article 5, § 1, 3 ° and 5 °, of the Law of 27 March 2020 grants the king to take measures in the fight against the spread of the COVID virus 19 (ii), with a view to granting a temporary premium to the beneficiaries on certain social assistance benefits philip, King of the Belgians, to all who will now and hereinafter refer to our regards on the law of 27 March 2020 that authorization grants the King to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II), Articles 2, 5, § 1, 3 ° in view of the urgent necessity; having the advice of the finance inspectors, given on 10 and 13 June 2020; In view of the agreement finding of the Minister of Budget, given on 17 June 2020; Having regard to the Article8 of the Act of 15 December 2013 containing various provisions on administrative simplification, this Decree is exempt from a regulatory impact analysis, in view of the urgency of the need for the necessity to immediately compensate for the social consequences of the COVID-19 Pandemie; in view of the Opvessing no. 67.647/1 of the Council of State, given on 25 June 2020, with application of Article 4, third party member of the law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the king to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 (i); whereas the fact that crisis of COVID-19 causes that lead to poverty tunes nomination of the Minister of Justice, the Minister of Finance, the Minister of Social Affairs, the Minister of Pensions, the Minister of Social Integration and the Minister of Work, tax with poverty alleviation, equal opportunities and persons with a disability and on the advice of the ministers in council meetings, we have decided and we decide: Chapter 1. - Germany provisions article 1. A temporary premium is made from 1 July 2020 awarded to the beneficiary for six -following months: 1 ° a guaranteed income for the elderly intended in the law of 1 April 1969 establishing a guaranteed income for the elderly2 ° an income guarantee for the elderly referred to in the Law of 22 March 2001 establishing an income guarantee for the elderly; 3 ° an income replacement allowance and/or an integration allowance forces of 27 February 1987 on the allowances to persons with a disability; 4 ° a living wage; pursuant to Article 14, § 1 of the law of 26 May 2002 on the right to social integration; 5 ° a financial assistance under Article 60, § 3, of the Organic Act of 8 July 1976 on the public centers for social welfare and of which this support has been paid by the State under Article 1 of the Ministerial Decree of 30 January 1995 arranging the reimbursement by The state of the costs of services by the public centers for social welfare granted to a needy who does not own Belgian nationality is not registered in the population register. Chapter 2. - Provisions regarding the Assisted Income for the elderly and the income guarantee for the elderly. 2. Department referred to in Article 1, 1 ° and 2 ° is affordable to the extent that the benefit that justifies it is also paid for the same month. The premium referred to in Article 1, 1 ° and 2 ° is monthly 50 euros for each beneficiary. Chapter 3. - Provisions regarding the allowance claims with disabilities. 3. The premium referred to in Article 1, 3 ° is affordable from the moment on which the right to an allowance for persons with a disability has been granted under the Devoordelde Law of 27 February 1987. The premium referred to in Article 1, 3 ° is monthly 50 euros for each beneficiary. Art. 4. The premium referred to in Article 1, 3 ° is not paid the beneficiary claims the payment of the premium referred to in Article 1, 1 ° or 2 °. Chapter 4. - Provisions regarding Lifestyle Benefiters of Equivalent to the Leefwonart. 5. The premium referred to in Article 1, 4 ° and 5 ° is paid by the OCMW as social services to supplement the living wage or financial assistance and is affordable to the extent that the benefit that justifies him is also affordable for the same month. The premium referred to in Article 1, 4 ° and 5 ° amounts to 50 Euro for each beneficiary every month. Art. 6. The premium referred to in Article 1, 4 ° and 5 ° is not paid the beneficiary claims the payment of the premium referred to in Article 1, 1 °, 2 ° or3 °. Chapter 5. - Common provisions Art. 7. The premium referred to in Article1 is considered a fully -executed income for determining the guaranteed income for the elderly as referred to in the law of 1 April1969 and the income guarantee for the elderly referred to in the aforementioned law of 22 March 2001. 8. The premium referred to in Article 1 is not prior transfer or seizure and is exempt from any tax and social -law deduction.art.9. § 1. The premium referred to in Article 1 is, in the event of the death of the beneficiary, is paid, depending on the case, in accordance with the modalities for the benefit, it justifies him or provides for: 1 ° Article 41 of the Royal Decree of 23 May 2001 establishing a general regulations concerning the income guarantee for the elderly; 2 ° Article 59 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 1969 containing General Regulations concerning the Assistant Income for the elderly; 3 ° Article 34 of the Royal Decree of 23 May 2003 relevant the proceedings for the proceedings for the proceedings the handling of the files regarding allowances to persons immediately handicap; § 2. The premium referred to in Article 1, which is not paid and unpaid, is the case of the beneficiary as referred to in Article 1, 4 ° and 5 ° paid to Article 40 of the Royal Decree containing the General Regulations regarding the law on social integration. Chapter 6. - Change provisionsart.10. In Article 21, § 1, first paragraph, of the law of 13 June 1966 on the rest and survival pensions for workers, servants, seafarers under the Belgian flag, miners and voluntary insured persons, last changed by the law of 6 July 2016, the following changes will be changed applied: 1 ° the determination below is supplemented with the provision under k), reading: "K) The premium referred to in Article1, 1 ° and 2 ° of the Royal Decree No ..... from ..... ...........to implement Article 5, § 1, 3 ° and 5 °, of the law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the king for taking measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II), with the eye to grant a temporary premium to the beneficiaries on certain social social assistance benefits; "; 2 ° in the provision under 2 °, the provision under b) is replaced as follows:" b) The Federal Pension Service The in 1 °, a, c is concerned , D, E, H, I, J, K and,, where appropriate, F and G referred to. ". Chapter7. - Final determining art. 11. This decision takes effect the day on which it is announced in the Belgian State League. Art. 12. The Minister competent for the judiciary, the Minister for Finance, the Minister competent for Social Affairs, the Minister competent for pensions, the minister -authorized for social integration and the minister is responsible for persons with a disability, each with regard to him, charged with the implementation of this decision. Given in Brussels, 26 June2020.filip van Koningsweight: the Minister of Work, charged with fighting poverty, equal opportunities and persons with disabilities, n. Muyllede Minister of Justice, K.Geensde Minister of Finance, a. De Croode Minister of Social Affairs, with the Minister of Pensions, d. Bacquelainede Minister of Social Integration, d. DucarmePublication: 2020-07-22Numac: 2020042282Federal Public Service Employment, Labor and Social Consultation15 July 2020.-Royal Decree Regulation on the resumption of the Social Elections Procedure 2020 that was suspended on the basis of the Law of 4 May 2020 regulating the suspension of the Social Elections procedure of the year 2020 pursuant to the Coronavirus COVID-19 Pandemie (1) Filip, King of the Belgians, to all who are now and will be here, our regards. Suspension of the Social Elections procedure of the year 2020 pursuant to the Coronavirus COVID-19 Pandemie, Article 6; Having regard to the advice of the Inspector of Finance, given on 1 July 2020; Having regard to the Advice No 2.169 of the National Works Council, given at 30 June 2020; In view of the Advice No 67.708/1 of the Council of State, given on 9 July 2020, in application of Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the coordinated laws on the Council of State; Gel; et on the urgent necessity motivated by the special economic text of the Coronavirus COVID-19-Pandemie, and the need for speedy legal certainty; the social elections would normally take place from 11 to 24 May 2020. In view of this, election procedure was in the beginning of December 2019 in Almost 7,000 companies started. The outbreak of Decoronavirus Covid-19-Pandemie and the measures that were taken to stop its advance, the normal course of the further election procedure and a good organization of the social elections according to the originally established electoral calendar in May 2020, however, impossible; no. 2,160 of 24 March 2020 of the National Labor Council, by law of 4 May 2020 regulating of the suspension of the Social Elections procedure of the year 2020, under the Coronavirus COVID-19 Pandemie, was therefore urgently provided for the temporary suspension of the current election procedure, immediately the finalization of the first nomination of the candidate personnel representatives. Since it was unclear how long the coronacrisis and its consequences would still last, it was impossible to record the end of the period of suspension: for determining the date and modalities of resuming the election procedure, the law provides for a delegation to the Koning, on the advice of the National Labor Council; in order to be able to arrive at a well-founded decision about the resumption of de procedure, it was necessary to wait for the evolution of the COVID-19-Pandemie Coronavirus, and the reduction of the measures to be disrupted thereof. In that sense, the Social Partnersbinnen were only the possibility at the end of June 2020 to taadfish with more knowledge about the social elections being able to take place in November 2020, and to determine the modalities of the procedure. Pursuant to the newly specified election period, the suspension procedure must be restarted from the end of September 2020. It is important that the 7,000 -released companies are given the necessary time to organize the resumption of their procedure to work out a new electoral calendar. In addition, the occult period of special dismissal protection die applies to candidate personnel representatives who will be referred to as deputies for the initially nominated candidates, to be traced in mid-August 2020; so that the companies could organize their recurrence of their election procedure in time within a clearly deficiency juridic framework, is it , in view of legal certainty, necessary that the decision to arrange the re -rake is published within the urgent period; on the nomination of the Minister of Work, we have decided and we decide: Article 1. For the application of this decision, we must be understood by: 1 . the law of 4 December 2007: the law of 4 December 2007 relevant the social elections, amended by the law of 4 April 2019; 2. the law of 4mei 2020: the law of 4 May 2020 regulating the suspension of the Social Elections Procedure of the year 2020 pursuant to the COVID-19-Pandemie Coronavirus; 3. the Council: the Works Council; 4. The Committee: the Committee for Prevention and Protection at Work; 5. The message that the date of the elections announces: The posted message that announces the date of the elections as intended in Article 14 of the Act of 4 December 2007; 6. The originally recorded election date: the election date laid down in the message that the date of the elections announces as referred to in Article 14, first paragraph, 1 °, of the law of 4 December 2007.Art. 2This decision is only applied of the social elections of the year 2020 procedures that are being conducted on the basis of article 9 in conjunction with Article 70, 3 °, 4 ° and 5 °, of the law of 4 December 2007, and which were suspended for Article 5 of the Law of 4 May 2020.Art. 3. The deferred elections for the designation of the representatives of the staff at the councils and at the committees took place during a period of period on November 16, 2020 and ends on November 29, 2020.Art. 4. The Social Squeeze Procedure that was suspended pursuant to Article 5 of the Law of 4 May 2020, in each business hernomes on the fifty -four day that precedes the delayed election date, as determined in accordance with the articles 5, 6 or 7. 5. With the exception of the provisions of Articles 6 and 7, the deferred election date is determined in relation to the originally recorded election date. The delayed election date is, within the period referred to in Article 3, corresponds to the moment at which the originally recorded Election date fell within the period referred to in Article 9 of the Act of 4 December 2007.Art. 6. Contrary to Article 5, the postponement date may be freely determined by the Council or the Committee, or in the absence thereof by the employer, within the period referred to in Article 3.Art. 7. In the companies in which the originally determined election date, in application of Article 70, 3 °, 4 ° or 5 °, of the law of 4 December2007, fell outside the period referred to in Article 9 of the same law, the deferred social election site fell in The period referred to in Article 3. With the exception of the provisions of Article6, in that case the deferred election date will be determined in the course of the first week of the period bed in Article 3, on the weekday that corresponds to the weekday on which the originally fixed date of the proceedings fell .Art. 8. The hourly arrangement of which the employees have already been informed that the date of the elections announces in accordance with Article 14, first paragraph, 1 °, of the law of 4 December 2007, continues to apply. The council or committee, or In the event of absence, however, this timetable can change. This change should not lead to the number of hours for the vote in the message that the date of the elections announces is reduced. 9. The new dates that result from the election procedure from the date of the reconstruction of the procedure, are determined by the Council or the Committee, or in the absence of the employer, determined in relation to the deferred election date in accordance with the articles 5, 6 or 7.Art . 10. The information and decisions regarding the date, and the hourly arrangement, of the elections, and with regard to the electoral calendar, as referred to in Article 14, first paragraph, 1 ° and 7 °, of the law of 4 December 2007, will be By the Council or the Committee, or in the absence of it by the employer, adjusted and communicated, in accordance with the modalities of this Decree. The Council, the Committee or the employer can meet in a valid manner during the period of suspension of the Social Elections Procedure, decisions and make communications with regard to the points referred to in the first paragraph.Art. 11. No later than seven days before the date of the resumption of the Social Elections Procedure referred to in Article 4, the Council will inform the Committee or in the absence of the employer, the employees of the deferred election date, of the possibly changed hourly arrangement and of the New dates that result from the election procedure from the date of the resumption of the procedure. This notification is done via placing the same places as the message that the date of the elections announces a document that votes with the model that goes as an appendix to this decision. This shift can be replaced by making an electronic document available, insofar as all employees access to this during their normal working hours. These information is communicated to the organizations referred to in Article 4, 6 °, a) of the Act of 4 December 2007 , and, in the event that the procedural -oriented is on the establishment of a council, to the organization referred to in Article 4, 5 °, of this Act, either electronically via the web application that was provided precisely for this on the website of the FPS employment, labor and social consultation, either through shipping by post at the Vandeze organizations. In the absence of a council or committee, a copy of this document is transferred to the trade union delegation.art. 12. This decision comes into effect on 1 August2020.Art. 1Filipvan Koningsweight: The Minister of Work, n.m.Seen to be joined by the Royal Decree of 15 July2020 regulating the resumption of the Social Elections Procedure 2020 that was suspended of the law of 4 May 2020 regulating the suspension of the social elections procedure of the year 2020 pursuant to the CoronavirusCovid-19 Pandemie.Filipvan Koningsweight: the Minister of Work, n.MuyllePublication: 2020-07-15Numac: 202004289federal Public Service Home Affairs 10 July 2020.-Ministerial Decree amending the Ministerial Decree of 30 June 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the COVID-19 Coronavirus. - German translation below is the German translation of the ministerial decision of 10 July 2020 amending the ministerial decision of 30 June 2020 urgent measures to limit the distribution of the COVID-19 Coronavirus (Belgian Official Gazette of 10 July 2020). was drawn up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.Föderaleröffentlicher Service Inneres10. JULI 2020 - Ministerieller Erlass zur Abänderung des MinisteriellenErlasses vom 30. Juni 2020 zur Festlegung von Dringlichkeitsmaßnahmen zur Eindämmung der Ausbreitungdes Coronavirus COVID-19Der Minister der Sicherheit und des Innern,Aufgrund des Gesetzesvom 31. Dezember 1963 über den Zivilschutz, des Artikels 4;Aufgrund des Gesetzes vom 5. August1992 über das Polizeiamt, of Article 11 und 42; Aufgrund des Gesetzes vom 15. Mai 2007 Überdie Zivile Sicherheit, of Article 181, 182 und 187; Aufgrund des Ministerialles Vom30. June 2020 Zur Festlegung von Dringlichkeitsmaßnahmen Zur Eindämmung der Ausbreitung des Coronaviruscovid-19; Aufgrund von Article 8 § 2 Nr. 1 Und 2 des Gesetzes vom 15. Dezember 2013 Zurfestlegung Vigantener Bestimmungen in Sachen Administrative Vereinfachung Ist Vorliegendender Erlassvon der Auswirkungsanalysis Beim Erlass von Vorschrifts BeFreit; Aufgrund der Stellungnahmed, Afgrond, AUFANSPEKREPORTOR DO NAUBANZENTORS DIVANSPECTORS DO NAUBANZENTORS im Rat Darüber Beraten Haben; Aufgrund der am 12. January 1973 Cordinators Gesetze über the Staatsrat, of the articles 3 § 1 Absatz 1; Aufgrund der Dringlichkeit, which es nicht Zuld, Das Gutachts of the Staatsbungsabeilung of the Staatrates Vasteilung vinerbungsabeilung vinerbungsabeilung vinerbungsabeilung Vaster Valler Valler Valler Valler Valler Valler Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung, Real Verkon Valleilung, Valler Bungsbung aufgrund der Notwendigkeit, Maßnahmen zu erwägen,die sich auf epidemiologische Ergebnisse stützen, die sich Tag für Tag weiterentwickeln, wobei die jüngstenErgebnisse, die während der Beratung des Konzertierungsausschusses vom 8. und 9. Juli 2020 beschlossenenMaßnahmen gerechtfertigt haben; Dass es daher urgently Erforderlich ist, Mestimme Maßnahmenzu Erneuern and other Anzupassen; in Erwägung der Konzertierungen Zwischen the Regierungender Föderierten Teilgebiet und den Zuständigen Föderalen Behörden ims., Deram 10., Deram. und 24. April 2020, AM 6., 13., 20. und 29. Mai 2020, am 3., 24. und 30. Juni 2020 und am 10. Juli 2020 zusammengetreten ist;In Erwägung des Artikels 191des Vertrags über die Arbeitsweise der Europäischen Union, in dem das Prinzip der Vorsorge im Rahmender Bewältigung einer internationalen Gesundheitskrise und der aktiven Vorbereitung auf einen möglichenKrisenfall verankert ist; dass dieses Prinzip voraussetzt, dass die öffentlichen Behörden bei der Feststellung,dass ein ernstes Risiko höchstwahrscheinlich eintreten wird, dringende und vorläufige Schutzmaßnahmenergreifen müssen;In Erwägung der Erklärung der WHO in Bezug auf die Eigenschaften des CoronavirusCOVID-19, insbesondere hinsichtlich der hohen Übertragbarkeit und des Sterberisikos; in Erwägungder am 11. März 2020 von der Who vengenommenen Qualifizierung des Coronavirus Covid-19; indere eagung, dass who who am 16. und sich rasch in der Welt ausbreitet;InErwägung der Erklärung des Regionaldirektors der WHO für Europa vom 3. Juni 2020, wonach der Übergangzu einer "neuen Normalität" auf den Grundsätzen der Volksgesundheit und auf wirtschaftlichen und gesellschaftlichenÜberlegungen fußen muss und dass die Entscheidungsträger auf allen Ebenen DEM Leitgrundsatz Eineschrittwei sen und Behutsamen übergangs Folgen Müssen; in Erwägung der Verbreitung des Coronaviruscovid-19-19 Auf dem Europäischen Gebiet und in Belgium; dass die Gesamtzahl der Ansteckungen weiter ansteigt;InErwägung der vom Coronavirus COVID-19 ausgehenden Gesundheitsgefahr für die belgische Bevölkerung undder daraus entstehenden Dringlichkeit;In der Erwägung, dass das Coronavirus COVID-19 eine Infektionskrankheitauslöst, die meist die Lunge und die Atemwege befällt;In der Erwägung, dass das Coronaviruscovid-19-19 Offenbar von Mensch zu Mensch über den Luftweg übertragen wird; dass die Übertragung der Krankheitscheinbar auf alle möglichen Verbreitungsarten durch Mund oder Nase erfolgt;In Erwägung derAnzahl erkannter Infektionsfälle und der Anzahl Todesfälle in Belgien seit dem 13. März 2020;InErwägung der Stellungnahme des CELEVAL;Aufgrund der Stellungnahme des Hohen Rates für Selbständigeund KMB vom 22April 2020; in consideration that the entire national territory is affected by the danger; that it is in the general interest that the measures taken to maintain public order are coherent, which means that their efficiency is maximized; in the consideration that in view of the previous certain meetings in closed and stagnant locations, but also at the open sky still a special risk for the The health of the population disorders; in the consideration that a police measure to restore and monitoring of more than 15 people is consequently essential and proportionate; in the consideration that the above -mentioned measure leads to the number of acute infection and consequently enables the intensive care units the most difficult to absorb the most patient undertaking, and that on the other hand, the researchers are given more time to develop efficient treatment methods and vaccines; that this measure also emphasizes a contact with contact; in consideration of the report of the expert group for the Exit Strategy (GEES) of April 22, 2020, which contains a gradual concept for the gradual withdrawal of the measures and mainly relies on three essential aspects, namely to wear one Protective mask, testing and tracing; that the report strives for a balance between the preservation of physical and intellectual health, the fulfillment of pedagogical orders in the area of ​​teaching and the reception of the economy; that the GES is composed of experts from different areas, in particular from doctors, virologists and economic experts; in consideration of the GEES reports, in particular with regard to the expansion of the obligation to bear a protective mask; 2020; in consideration of the Phoenix Plan for a restart of the trade of Comeos; in consideration of the "guideline for the opening of the business, containing the spread of COVID-19", which is made available on the website of the federal public service; in consideration of the "General guidelines for the intimidation of Covid-19 at the workplace", which is made available on the website of the federal public service, work and social concerting; ", that on the Federal Public website Hen Service is made available; in consideration of the protocols, which are determined by the responsible ministers in concerting with the relevant sectors; in the consideration that a mayor, if he realizes that activities have been carried out in violation of the present ministerial decree or the applicable protocols in the interest of public health can order the administrative conclusion of the administrative law; on the basis of the law of 4Publication: 2020-07-15Numac: 202004289federal Public Service Home Affairs 10 July 2020.-Ministerial Decree amending the Ministerial Decree of 30 June 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the COVID-19 Coronavirus. - German translation below is the German translation of the ministerial decision of 10 July 2020 amending the ministerial decision of 30 June 2020 urgent measures to limit the distribution of the COVID-19 Coronavirus (Belgian Official Gazette of 10 July 2020). was drawn up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.Föderaleröffentlicher Service Inneres10. JULI 2020 - Ministerieller Erlass zur Abänderung des MinisteriellenErlasses vom 30. Juni 2020 zur Festlegung von Dringlichkeitsmaßnahmen zur Eindämmung der Ausbreitungdes Coronavirus COVID-19Der Minister der Sicherheit und des Innern,Aufgrund des Gesetzesvom 31. Dezember 1963 über den Zivilschutz, des Artikels 4;Aufgrund des Gesetzes vom 5. August1992 über das Polizeiamt, of Article 11 und 42; Aufgrund des Gesetzes vom 15. Mai 2007 Überdie Zivile Sicherheit, of Article 181, 182 und 187; Aufgrund des Ministerialles Vom30. June 2020 Zur Festlegung von Dringlichkeitsmaßnahmen Zur Eindämmung der Ausbreitung des Coronaviruscovid-19; Aufgrund von Article 8 § 2 Nr. 1 Und 2 des Gesetzes vom 15. Dezember 2013 Zurfestlegung Vigantener Bestimmungen in Sachen Administrative Vereinfachung Ist Vorliegendender Erlassvon der Auswirkungsanalysis Beim Erlass von Vorschrifts BeFreit; Aufgrund der Stellungnahmed, Afgrond, AUFANSPEKREPORTOR DO NAUBANZENTORS DIVANSPECTORS DO NAUBANZENTORS im Rat Darüber Beraten Haben; Aufgrund der am 12. January 1973 Cordinators Gesetze über the Staatsrat, of the articles 3 § 1 Absatz 1; Aufgrund der Dringlichkeit, which es nicht Zuld, Das Gutachts of the Staatsbungsabeilung of the Staatrates Vasteilung vinerbungsabeilung vinerbungsabeilung vinerbungsabeilung Vaster Valler Valler Valler Valler Valler Valler Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung, Real Verkon Valleilung, Valler Bungsbung aufgrund der Notwendigkeit, Maßnahmen zu erwägen,die sich auf epidemiologische Ergebnisse stützen, die sich Tag für Tag weiterentwickeln, wobei die jüngstenErgebnisse, die während der Beratung des Konzertierungsausschusses vom 8. und 9. Juli 2020 beschlossenenMaßnahmen gerechtfertigt haben; Dass es daher urgently Erforderlich ist, Mestimme Maßnahmenzu Erneuern and other Anzupassen; in Erwägung der Konzertierungen Zwischen the Regierungender Föderierten Teilgebiet und den Zuständigen Föderalen Behörden ims., Deram 10., Deram. und 24. April 2020, AM 6., 13., 20. und 29. Mai 2020, am 3., 24. und 30. Juni 2020 und am 10. Juli 2020 zusammengetreten ist;In Erwägung des Artikels 191des Vertrags über die Arbeitsweise der Europäischen Union, in dem das Prinzip der Vorsorge im Rahmender Bewältigung einer internationalen Gesundheitskrise und der aktiven Vorbereitung auf einen möglichenKrisenfall verankert ist; dass dieses Prinzip voraussetzt, dass die öffentlichen Behörden bei der Feststellung,dass ein ernstes Risiko höchstwahrscheinlich eintreten wird, dringende und vorläufige Schutzmaßnahmenergreifen müssen;In Erwägung der Erklärung der WHO in Bezug auf die Eigenschaften des CoronavirusCOVID-19, insbesondere hinsichtlich der hohen Übertragbarkeit und des Sterberisikos; in Erwägungder am 11. März 2020 von der Who vengenommenen Qualifizierung des Coronavirus Covid-19; indere eagung, dass who who am 16. und sich rasch in der Welt ausbreitet;InErwägung der Erklärung des Regionaldirektors der WHO für Europa vom 3. Juni 2020, wonach der Übergangzu einer "neuen Normalität" auf den Grundsätzen der Volksgesundheit und auf wirtschaftlichen und gesellschaftlichenÜberlegungen fußen muss und dass die Entscheidungsträger auf allen Ebenen DEM Leitgrundsatz Eineschrittwei sen und Behutsamen übergangs Folgen Müssen; in Erwägung der Verbreitung des Coronaviruscovid-19-19 Auf dem Europäischen Gebiet und in Belgium; dass die Gesamtzahl der Ansteckungen weiter ansteigt;InErwägung der vom Coronavirus COVID-19 ausgehenden Gesundheitsgefahr für die belgische Bevölkerung undder daraus entstehenden Dringlichkeit;In der Erwägung, dass das Coronavirus COVID-19 eine Infektionskrankheitauslöst, die meist die Lunge und die Atemwege befällt;In der Erwägung, dass das Coronaviruscovid-19-19 Offenbar von Mensch zu Mensch über den Luftweg übertragen wird; dass die Übertragung der Krankheitscheinbar auf alle möglichen Verbreitungsarten durch Mund oder Nase erfolgt;In Erwägung derAnzahl erkannter Infektionsfälle und der Anzahl Todesfälle in Belgien seit dem 13. März 2020;InErwägung der Stellungnahme des CELEVAL;Aufgrund der Stellungnahme des Hohen Rates für Selbständigeund KMB vom 22 April 2020In consideration that the entire national territory is affected by the danger; that it is in the general interest that the measures taken to maintain public order are coherent, which means that their efficiency is maximized; in the consideration that in view of the previous certain meetings in closed and stagnant locations, but also at the open sky still a special risk for the The health of the population disorders; in the consideration that a police measure to restore and monitoring of more than 15 people is consequently essential and proportionate; in the consideration that the above -mentioned measure leads to the number of acute infection and consequently enables the intensive care units the most difficult to absorb the most patient undertaking, and that on the other hand, the researchers are given more time to develop efficient treatment methods and vaccines; that this measure also emphasizes a contact with contact; in consideration of the report of the expert group for the Exit Strategy (GEES) of April 22, 2020, which contains a gradual concept for the gradual withdrawal of the measures and mainly relies on three essential aspects, namely to wear one Protective mask, testing and tracing; that the report strives for a balance between the preservation of physical and intellectual health, the fulfillment of pedagogical orders in the area of ​​teaching and the reception of the economy; that the GES is composed of experts from different areas, in particular from doctors, virologists and economic experts; in consideration of the GEES reports, in particular with regard to the expansion of the obligation to bear a protective mask; 2020; in consideration of the Phoenix Plan for a restart of the trade of Comeos; in consideration of the "guideline for the opening of the business, containing the spread of COVID-19", which is made available on the website of the federal public service; in consideration of the "General guidelines for the intimidation of Covid-19 at the workplace", which is made available on the website of the federal public service, work and social concerting; ", that on the Federal Public website Hen Service is made available; in consideration of the protocols, which are determined by the responsible ministers in concerting with the relevant sectors; in the consideration that a mayor, if he realizes that activities have been carried out in violation of the present ministerial decree or the applicable protocols will order in the interests of public health, the administrative conclusion of the law on August 4, 1996. The well -being of the employees in the execution of their work and his execution. Inserment of the concertation in the concerting committee; in the consideration that the average number of new plugs and deaths in connection with the Coronavirus Covid-19 continues a trend that has been declining for several weeks; that the virus has not disappeared from Belgium and there are still circulating there; that a second wave of infection has so far not been excluded; in the consideration that due to this favorable development, the reopening of casinos and slot scale halls could be reopened; However, that certain restrictions must be provided in order to contain the risk of infection and the risk of spreading the virus; that the restrictions on the opening and closing times of these facilities with the times provided for for taps and restaurants; It must be prevented that activities in these institutions or in their surroundings to uncontrolled gatherings in connection with nightlife; in the consideration that the current global epidemiological development of COVID-19 on the basis of objective epidemiological criteria is not favorable in all countries or regions can be viewed; in the consideration that the first virus wave in Belgium in Belgium exponentially and quickly spread out due to the complexity of the trexality of the travelers withdrawing after Belgium; in the consideration that the vigilance and the fear of an immediately upcoming second global virus wave In the event of an unfavorable epidemiological development in a region or a country;The fact that it is appropriate to the background of the summer vacation, not essential trips in and from areas that have been reversed with the relevant national authorities with a curfew, and traveling and traveling and from cities, municipalities, districts, regions and countries based on objective epidemiological criteria To be considered very risky, in particular, to prevent the return from the vacation from these areas to a revival of the epidemic in Belgium; Indian consideration that the health situation is unstable and certain areas that originally intended as safe Risk areas can become; that urgency and forced measures are required in this regard; that a flexible approach must also be determined on the basis of the statements of the Celeval in order to be able to dynamically adapt the list of areas with a very high risk based on objective epidemiological criteria; Is a precise monitoring of the health of the health of persons who are from cities, municipalities, districts, regions or countries, including within the Schengen area, the European Union or the United Kingdom, for which Celeval on the basic objective epidemiological criteria Health risk has determined; in this consideration that with regard to compliance with all health recommendations and the social distance is always appealed to the sense of responsibility and solidarity of every citizen; in the consideration that the wearing of a protective mask or another alternative from fabric is an important role B the strategy of gradual withdrawal of the measures plays; that the wearing of a protection mask of the population is therefore recommended in all situations in which the rules of social distancing cannot be met, so that the virus is reduced; that wearing a protective mask in certain facilities and specific situations is mandatory; that the wearing of a protective mask is not sufficient and always has to go with the other prevention measures; that social distancing remains the most important and priority measure; in the consideration that the basic hygiene measures remain essential; in consideration that activities outdoors should be preferred as far as possible; that, unless possible, the rooms have to be ventilated sufficiently; in consideration that it is necessary to take additional precautions in relation to people who belong to a risk group; If it is still necessary to continue to prohibit activities in which there is a high risk of spreading the virus to continue to dedicate special attention to dedications that lead to too close contact between those involved and/or too many people together; in the consideration that the health situation is assessed regularly; that this means that a return to stricter measures can never be excludedPublication: 2020-07-15Numac: 202004289federal Public Service Home Affairs 10 July 2020.-Ministerial Decree amending the Ministerial Decree of 30 June 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the COVID-19 Coronavirus. - German translation below is the German translation of the ministerial decision of 10 July 2020 amending the ministerial decision of 30 June 2020 urgent measures to limit the distribution of the COVID-19 Coronavirus (Belgian Official Gazette of 10 July 2020). was drawn up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.Föderaleröffentlicher Service Inneres10. JULI 2020 - Ministerieller Erlass zur Abänderung des MinisteriellenErlasses vom 30. Juni 2020 zur Festlegung von Dringlichkeitsmaßnahmen zur Eindämmung der Ausbreitungdes Coronavirus COVID-19Der Minister der Sicherheit und des Innern,Aufgrund des Gesetzesvom 31. Dezember 1963 über den Zivilschutz, des Artikels 4;Aufgrund des Gesetzes vom 5. August1992 über das Polizeiamt, of Article 11 und 42; Aufgrund des Gesetzes vom 15. Mai 2007 Überdie Zivile Sicherheit, of Article 181, 182 und 187; Aufgrund des Ministerialles Vom30. June 2020 Zur Festlegung von Dringlichkeitsmaßnahmen Zur Eindämmung der Ausbreitung des Coronaviruscovid-19; Aufgrund von Article 8 § 2 Nr. 1 Und 2 des Gesetzes vom 15. Dezember 2013 Zurfestlegung Vigantener Bestimmungen in Sachen Administrative Vereinfachung Ist Vorliegendender Erlassvon der Auswirkungsanalysis Beim Erlass von Vorschrifts BeFreit; Aufgrund der Stellungnahmed, Afgrond, AUFANSPEKREPORTOR DO NAUBANZENTORS DIVANSPECTORS DO NAUBANZENTORS im Rat Darüber Beraten Haben; Aufgrund der am 12. January 1973 Cordinators Gesetze über the Staatsrat, of the articles 3 § 1 Absatz 1; Aufgrund der Dringlichkeit, which es nicht Zuld, Das Gutachts of the Staatsbungsabeilung of the Staatrates Vasteilung vinerbungsabeilung vinerbungsabeilung vinerbungsabeilung Vaster Valler Valler Valler Valler Valler Valler Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung, Real Verkon Valleilung, Valler Bungsbung aufgrund der Notwendigkeit, Maßnahmen zu erwägen,die sich auf epidemiologische Ergebnisse stützen, die sich Tag für Tag weiterentwickeln, wobei die jüngstenErgebnisse, die während der Beratung des Konzertierungsausschusses vom 8. und 9. Juli 2020 beschlossenenMaßnahmen gerechtfertigt haben; Dass es daher urgently Erforderlich ist, Mestimme Maßnahmenzu Erneuern and other Anzupassen; in Erwägung der Konzertierungen Zwischen the Regierungender Föderierten Teilgebiet und den Zuständigen Föderalen Behörden ims., Deram 10., Deram. und 24. April 2020, AM 6., 13., 20. und 29. Mai 2020, am 3., 24. und 30. Juni 2020 und am 10. Juli 2020 zusammengetreten ist;In Erwägung des Artikels 191des Vertrags über die Arbeitsweise der Europäischen Union, in dem das Prinzip der Vorsorge im Rahmender Bewältigung einer internationalen Gesundheitskrise und der aktiven Vorbereitung auf einen möglichenKrisenfall verankert ist; dass dieses Prinzip voraussetzt, dass die öffentlichen Behörden bei der Feststellung,dass ein ernstes Risiko höchstwahrscheinlich eintreten wird, dringende und vorläufige Schutzmaßnahmenergreifen müssen;In Erwägung der Erklärung der WHO in Bezug auf die Eigenschaften des CoronavirusCOVID-19, insbesondere hinsichtlich der hohen Übertragbarkeit und des Sterberisikos; in Erwägungder am 11. März 2020 von der Who vengenommenen Qualifizierung des Coronavirus Covid-19; indere eagung, dass who who am 16. und sich rasch in der Welt ausbreitet;InErwägung der Erklärung des Regionaldirektors der WHO für Europa vom 3. Juni 2020, wonach der Übergangzu einer "neuen Normalität" auf den Grundsätzen der Volksgesundheit und auf wirtschaftlichen und gesellschaftlichenÜberlegungen fußen muss und dass die Entscheidungsträger auf allen Ebenen DEM Leitgrundsatz Eineschrittwei sen und Behutsamen übergangs Folgen Müssen; in Erwägung der Verbreitung des Coronaviruscovid-19-19 Auf dem Europäischen Gebiet und in Belgium; dass die Gesamtzahl der Ansteckungen weiter ansteigt;InErwägung der vom Coronavirus COVID-19 ausgehenden Gesundheitsgefahr für die belgische Bevölkerung undder daraus entstehenden Dringlichkeit;In der Erwägung, dass das Coronavirus COVID-19 eine Infektionskrankheitauslöst, die meist die Lunge und die Atemwege befällt;In der Erwägung, dass das Coronaviruscovid-19-19 Offenbar von Mensch zu Mensch über den Luftweg übertragen wird; dass die Übertragung der Krankheitscheinbar auf alle möglichen Verbreitungsarten durch Mund oder Nase erfolgt;In Erwägung derAnzahl erkannter Infektionsfälle und der Anzahl Todesfälle in Belgien seit dem 13. März 2020;InErwägung der Stellungnahme des CELEVAL;Aufgrund der Stellungnahme des Hohen Rates für Selbständigeund KMB vom 22 . April 2020; in der Erwägungthat the entire national territory is affected by the danger; that it is in the general interest that the measures taken to maintain public order are coherent, which means that their efficiency is maximized; in the consideration that in view of the previous certain meetings in closed and stagnant locations, but also at the open sky still a special risk for the The health of the population disorders; in the consideration that a police measure to restore and monitoring of more than 15 people is consequently essential and proportionate; in the consideration that the above -mentioned measure leads to the number of acute infection and consequently enables the intensive care units the most difficult to absorb the most patient undertaking, and that on the other hand, the researchers are given more time to develop efficient treatment methods and vaccines; that this measure also emphasizes a contact with contact; in consideration of the report of the expert group for the Exit Strategy (GEES) of April 22, 2020, which contains a gradual concept for the gradual withdrawal of the measures and mainly relies on three essential aspects, namely to wear one Protective mask, testing and tracing; that the report strives for a balance between the preservation of physical and intellectual health, the fulfillment of pedagogical orders in the area of ​​teaching and the reception of the economy; that the GES is composed of experts from different areas, in particular from doctors, virologists and economic experts; in consideration of the GEES reports, in particular with regard to the expansion of the obligation to bear a protective mask; 2020; in consideration of the Phoenix Plan for a restart of the trade of Comeos; in consideration of the "guideline for the opening of the business, containing the spread of COVID-19", which is made available on the website of the federal public service; in consideration of the "General guidelines for the intimidation of Covid-19 at the workplace", which is made available on the website of the federal public service, work and social concerting; ", that on the Federal Public website Hen Service is made available; in consideration of the protocols, which are determined by the responsible ministers in concerting with the relevant sectors; in the consideration that a mayor, if he realizes that activities have been carried out in violation of the present ministerial decree or the applicable protocols will order in the interests of public health, the administrative conclusion of the law on August 4, 1996. The well -being of the employees in the execution of their work and his execution. Inserment of the concertation in the concerting committee; in the consideration that the average number of new plugs and deaths in connection with the Coronavirus Covid-19 continues a trend that has been declining for several weeks; that the virus has not disappeared from Belgium and there are still circulating there; that a second wave of infection has so far not been excluded; in the consideration that due to this favorable development, the reopening of casinos and slot scale halls could be reopened; However, that certain restrictions must be provided in order to contain the risk of infection and the risk of spreading the virus; that the restrictions on the opening and closing times of these facilities with the times provided for for taps and restaurants; It must be prevented that activities in these institutions or in their surroundings to uncontrolled gatherings in connection with nightlife; in the consideration that the current global epidemiological development of COVID-19 on the basis of objective epidemiological criteria is not favorable in all countries or regions can be viewed; in the consideration that the first virus wave in Belgium in Belgium exponentially and quickly spread out due to the complexity of the trexality of the travelers withdrawing after Belgium; in the consideration that the vigilance and the fear of an immediately upcoming second global virus wave In the event of an unfavorable epidemiological development in a region or a country; in consideration of the occurrence of new oneslocal herd of infection in Europe; The fact that it is appropriate to the background of the summer vacation, not essential trips in and from areas that have been reversed with the relevant national authorities with a curfew, and traveling and traveling and from cities, municipalities, districts, regions and countries based on objective epidemiological criteria To be considered very risky, in particular, to prevent the return from the vacation from these areas to a revival of the epidemic in Belgium; Indian consideration that the health situation is unstable and certain areas that originally intended as safe Risk areas can become; that urgency and forced measures are required in this regard; that a flexible approach must also be determined on the basis of the statements of the Celeval in order to be able to dynamically adapt the list of areas with a very high risk based on objective epidemiological criteria; Is a precise monitoring of the health of the health of persons who are from cities, municipalities, districts, regions or countries, including within the Schengen area, the European Union or the United Kingdom, for which Celeval on the basic objective epidemiological criteria Health risk has determined; in this consideration that with regard to compliance with all health recommendations and the social distance is always appealed to the sense of responsibility and solidarity of every citizen; in the consideration that the wearing of a protective mask or another alternative from fabric is an important role B the strategy of gradual withdrawal of the measures plays; that the wearing of a protection mask of the population is therefore recommended in all situations in which the rules of social distancing cannot be met, so that the virus is reduced; that wearing a protective mask in certain facilities and specific situations is mandatory; that the wearing of a protective mask is not sufficient and always has to go with the other prevention measures; that social distancing remains the most important and priority measure; in the consideration that the basic hygiene measures remain essential; in consideration that activities outdoors should be preferred as far as possible; that, unless possible, the rooms have to be ventilated sufficiently; in consideration that it is necessary to take additional precautions in relation to people who belong to a risk group; If it is still necessary to continue to prohibit activities in which there is a high risk of spreading the virus to continue to dedicate special attention to dedications that lead to too close contact between those involved and/or too many people together; in the consideration that the health situation is assessed regularly; The fact that this means that a return to stricter measures can never be excluded; based on urgency: Article 1 - Article 1 of the Ministerial Decree of June 30, 2020 to determine urgency measures for the intimidation of the Coronavirus Covid -19 is by a No. 4 With the following wording added: "4." Transport company "as mentioned in Article 18: public or private law aviation companies, public or private law lake transport companies." Art. 2- The ministerial vertical vom June 30, 2020 to determine urgency measures to contain the spread of the spreading descoronavirus Covid-19 is supplemented by an article 8BIS with the following wording: "Art. 8bis casinos and play halls may be open from the usual opening hours until 1 a.m. , unless the municipal authority has released an earlier closure, and must remain closed from 1 a.m. in the morning of an uninterrupted period of at least five successive hours. "Art. 3 - Article 18 of the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 to determine association measures to contain the spread of the Coronavirus Covid -19 is set as follows: "Art. 18 - § 1 - not essential trips from Belgium and prohibited according to Belgian. In deviation from § 1 and without prejudice to Article 20, it is permitted: 1. From Belgium to all countries of the European Union, the Schengen area and traveling the United Kingdom and traveling to Belgium from these countries, with exceptional zone certain areas whose list is published on the website of the federal public service matters2nd holiday camp at a distance of a maximum of 1550 kilometers to the Belgian border, with the exception of the areas determined as red zone, whose list publishes on the website of the federal public service, 3. Traveling from Belgium to countries that are included in the list published on the website of the federal public service and travel to Belgium from these countries, with the exception of the areas determined as red zone, whose list on the website federal service Foreign matters are published. §3 - for trips that are based on paragraphs 1 and 2 from a country that is not allowed to be a member of the Schengen area, the traveler is obliged to affect the Federal Service on the website and the foreigner office before the trip To fill out, sign, sign the published Locator form. , the stay that is refused to remove foreigners. § 4 - In the event of a trip from a red zone, the traveler determined by a red zone is obliged to fill, sign, sign, sign and send the transport company to the transport company. The transport company is obliged to direct this declaration immediately to saniport. § 5 - In the case of a journey in paragraph 3 and 4, both of which is not used for transport companies, the traveler is personally obliged to affect the Passenger Locator Form, which is external to the website of the Federation of the Federation of Federation, and the Passenger Locator. To fill out, sign and send saniport in Belgium. "Art. 4 - The ministerial decree of June 30 for determining urgency measures to contain the spread of the spread of the Coronaviruscovide -19 is supplemented by an article 21bis with the following wording:" Art. 21BIS - From the age of twelve, everyone is obliged to cover the mouth and nose in the following facilities with a mask or another alternative made of fabric: 1. Shops and shopping centers, 2. cinemas, 3. Event, concert or conference halls, 4. Lecture halls, 5. Cult sites, 6th museums, 7. Libraries, 8. Casinos and play halls, 9. Court buildings (in the parts of the building that are accessible to the public). It is not possible to wear a protective mask or an alternative for material for medical reasons can be used for a facial protection umbrella. "Art. 5 - Article 22 of the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 for the determination of urgency measures for Insulation of the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 is set as follows: "Art. 22- With the penalties provided in Article 187 of the Act of May 15, 2007 on civil security punishments are punished against the following articles:- Article 4bis 8, with the exception of the provisions that affect the relationship between employer and employee, articles 10, With the exception of the provisions that affect the relationship between employer and employee and the obligations of the responsible municipal authorities - Article 11, 16, 18, 19 and 21 to "Art. 6 - The existing decree will occur in Kraft.brussels on July 11, 2020 July 10, 2020p. De CremPublication: 2020-07-15Numac: 202004289federal Public Service Home Affairs 10 July 2020.-Ministerial Decree amending the Ministerial Decree of 30 June 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the COVID-19 Coronavirus. - German translation below is the German translation of the ministerial decision of 10 July 2020 amending the ministerial decision of 30 June 2020 urgent measures to limit the distribution of the COVID-19 Coronavirus (Belgian Official Gazette of 10 July 2020). was drawn up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.Föderaleröffentlicher Service Inneres10. JULI 2020 - Ministerieller Erlass zur Abänderung des MinisteriellenErlasses vom 30. Juni 2020 zur Festlegung von Dringlichkeitsmaßnahmen zur Eindämmung der Ausbreitungdes Coronavirus COVID-19Der Minister der Sicherheit und des Innern,Aufgrund des Gesetzesvom 31. Dezember 1963 über den Zivilschutz, des Artikels 4;Aufgrund des Gesetzes vom 5. August1992 über das Polizeiamt, of Article 11 und 42; Aufgrund des Gesetzes vom 15. Mai 2007 Überdie Zivile Sicherheit, of Article 181, 182 und 187; Aufgrund des Ministerialles Vom30. June 2020 Zur Festlegung von Dringlichkeitsmaßnahmen Zur Eindämmung der Ausbreitung des Coronaviruscovid-19; Aufgrund von Article 8 § 2 Nr. 1 Und 2 des Gesetzes vom 15. Dezember 2013 Zurfestlegung Vigantener Bestimmungen in Sachen Administrative Vereinfachung Ist Vorliegendender Erlassvon der Auswirkungsanalysis Beim Erlass von Vorschrifts BeFreit; Aufgrund der Stellungnahmed, Afgrond, AUFANSPEKREPORTOR DO NAUBANZENTORS DIVANSPECTORS DO NAUBANZENTORS im Rat Darüber Beraten Haben; Aufgrund der am 12. January 1973 Cordinators Gesetze über the Staatsrat, of the articles 3 § 1 Absatz 1; Aufgrund der Dringlichkeit, which es nicht Zuld, Das Gutachts of the Staatsbungsabeilung of the Staatrates Vasteilung vinerbungsabeilung vinerbungsabeilung vinerbungsabeilung Vaster Valler Valler Valler Valler Valler Valler Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung, Real Verkon Valleilung, Valler Bungsbung aufgrund der Notwendigkeit, Maßnahmen zu erwägen,die sich auf epidemiologische Ergebnisse stützen, die sich Tag für Tag weiterentwickeln, wobei die jüngstenErgebnisse, die während der Beratung des Konzertierungsausschusses vom 8. und 9. Juli 2020 beschlossenenMaßnahmen gerechtfertigt haben; Dass es daher urgently Erforderlich ist, Mestimme Maßnahmenzu Erneuern and other Anzupassen; in Erwägung der Konzertierungen Zwischen the Regierungender Föderierten Teilgebiet und den Zuständigen Föderalen Behörden ims., Deram 10., Deram. und 24. April 2020, AM 6., 13., 20. und 29. Mai 2020, am 3., 24. und 30. Juni 2020 und am 10. Juli 2020 zusammengetreten ist;In Erwägung des Artikels 191des Vertrags über die Arbeitsweise der Europäischen Union, in dem das Prinzip der Vorsorge im Rahmender Bewältigung einer internationalen Gesundheitskrise und der aktiven Vorbereitung auf einen möglichenKrisenfall verankert ist; dass dieses Prinzip voraussetzt, dass die öffentlichen Behörden bei der Feststellung,dass ein ernstes Risiko höchstwahrscheinlich eintreten wird, dringende und vorläufige Schutzmaßnahmenergreifen müssen;In Erwägung der Erklärung der WHO in Bezug auf die Eigenschaften des CoronavirusCOVID-19, insbesondere hinsichtlich der hohen Übertragbarkeit und des Sterberisikos; in Erwägungder am 11. März 2020 von der Who vengenommenen Qualifizierung des Coronavirus Covid-19; indere eagung, dass who who am 16. und sich rasch in der Welt ausbreitet;InErwägung der Erklärung des Regionaldirektors der WHO für Europa vom 3. Juni 2020, wonach der Übergangzu einer "neuen Normalität" auf den Grundsätzen der Volksgesundheit und auf wirtschaftlichen und gesellschaftlichenÜberlegungen fußen muss und dass die Entscheidungsträger auf allen Ebenen DEM Leitgrundsatz Eineschrittwei sen und Behutsamen übergangs Folgen Müssen; in Erwägung der Verbreitung des Coronaviruscovid-19-19 Auf dem Europäischen Gebiet und in Belgium; dass die Gesamtzahl der Ansteckungen weiter ansteigt;InErwägung der vom Coronavirus COVID-19 ausgehenden Gesundheitsgefahr für die belgische Bevölkerung undder daraus entstehenden Dringlichkeit;In der Erwägung, dass das Coronavirus COVID-19 eine Infektionskrankheitauslöst, die meist die Lunge und die Atemwege befällt;In der Erwägung, dass das Coronaviruscovid-19-19 Offenbar von Mensch zu Mensch über den Luftweg übertragen wird; dass die Übertragung der Krankheitscheinbar auf alle möglichen Verbreitungsarten durch Mund oder Nase erfolgt;In Erwägung derAnzahl erkannter Infektionsfälle und der Anzahl Todesfälle in Belgien seit dem 13. März 2020;InErwägung der Stellungnahme des CELEVAL;Aufgrund der Stellungnahme des Hohen Rates für Selbständigeund KMB vom 22 . April 2020; in der Erwägungthat the entire national territory is affected by the danger; that it is in the general interest that the measures taken to maintain public order are coherent, which means that their efficiency is maximized; in the consideration that in view of the previous certain meetings in closed and stagnant locations, but also at the open sky still a special risk for the The health of the population disorders; in the consideration that a police measure to restore and monitoring of more than 15 people is consequently essential and proportionate; in the consideration that the above -mentioned measure leads to the number of acute infection and consequently enables the intensive care units the most difficult to absorb the most patient undertaking, and that on the other hand, the researchers are given more time to develop efficient treatment methods and vaccines; that this measure also emphasizes a contact with contact; in consideration of the report of the expert group for the Exit Strategy (GEES) of April 22, 2020, which contains a gradual concept for the gradual withdrawal of the measures and mainly relies on three essential aspects, namely to wear one Protective mask, testing and tracing; that the report strives for a balance between the preservation of physical and intellectual health, the fulfillment of pedagogical orders in the area of ​​teaching and the reception of the economy; that the GES is composed of experts from different areas, in particular from doctors, virologists and economic experts; in consideration of the GEES reports, in particular with regard to the expansion of the obligation to bear a protective mask; 2020; in consideration of the Phoenix Plan for a restart of the trade of Comeos; in consideration of the "guideline for the opening of the business, containing the spread of COVID-19", which is made available on the website of the federal public service; in consideration of the "General guidelines for the intimidation of Covid-19 at the workplace", which is made available on the website of the federal public service, work and social concerting; ", that on the Federal Public website Hen Service is made available; in consideration of the protocols, which are determined by the responsible ministers in concerting with the relevant sectors; in the consideration that a mayor, if he realizes that activities have been carried out in violation of the present ministerial decree or the applicable protocols will order in the interests of public health, the administrative conclusion of the law on August 4, 1996. The well -being of the employees in the execution of their work and his execution. Inserment of the concertation in the concerting committee; in the consideration that the average number of new plugs and deaths in connection with the Coronavirus Covid-19 continues a trend that has been declining for several weeks; that the virus has not disappeared from Belgium and there are still circulating there; that a second wave of infection has so far not been excluded; in the consideration that due to this favorable development, the reopening of casinos and slot scale halls could be reopened; However, that certain restrictions must be provided in order to contain the risk of infection and the risk of spreading the virus; that the restrictions on the opening and closing times of these facilities with the times provided for for taps and restaurants; It must be prevented that activities in these institutions or in their surroundings to uncontrolled gatherings in connection with nightlife; in the consideration that the current global epidemiological development of COVID-19 on the basis of objective epidemiological criteria is not favorable in all countries or regions can be viewed; in the consideration that the first virus wave in Belgium in Belgium exponentially and quickly spread out due to the complexity of the trexality of the travelers withdrawing after Belgium; in the consideration that the vigilance and the fear of an immediately upcoming second global virus wave In the event of an unfavorable epidemiological development in a region or a country; in consideration of the occurrence of new oneslocal herd of infection in Europe; The fact that it is appropriate to the background of the summer vacation, not essential trips in and from areas that have been reversed with the relevant national authorities with a curfew, and traveling and traveling and from cities, municipalities, districts, regions and countries based on objective epidemiological criteria To be considered very risky, in particular, to prevent the return from the vacation from these areas to a revival of the epidemic in Belgium; Indian consideration that the health situation is unstable and certain areas that originally intended as safe Risk areas can become; that urgency and forced measures are required in this regard; that a flexible approach must also be determined on the basis of the statements of the Celeval in order to be able to dynamically adapt the list of areas with a very high risk based on objective epidemiological criteria; Is a precise monitoring of the health of the health of persons who are from cities, municipalities, districts, regions or countries, including within the Schengen area, the European Union or the United Kingdom, for which Celeval on the basic objective epidemiological criteria Health risk has determined; in this consideration that with regard to compliance with all health recommendations and the social distance is always appealed to the sense of responsibility and solidarity of every citizen; in the consideration that the wearing of a protective mask or another alternative from fabric is an important role B the strategy of gradual withdrawal of the measures plays; that the wearing of a protection mask of the population is therefore recommended in all situations in which the rules of social distancing cannot be met, so that the virus is reduced; that wearing a protective mask in certain facilities and specific situations is mandatory; that the wearing of a protective mask is not sufficient and always has to go with the other prevention measures; that social distancing remains the most important and priority measure; in the consideration that the basic hygiene measures remain essential; in consideration that activities outdoors should be preferred as far as possible; that, unless possible, the rooms have to be ventilated sufficiently; in consideration that it is necessary to take additional precautions in relation to people who belong to a risk group; If it is still necessary to continue to prohibit activities in which there is a high risk of spreading the virus to continue to dedicate special attention to dedications that lead to too close contact between those involved and/or too many people together; in the consideration that the health situation is assessed regularly; The fact that this means that a return to stricter measures can never be excluded; based on urgency: Article 1 - Article 1 of the Ministerial Decree of June 30, 2020 to determine urgency measures for the intimidation of the Coronavirus Covid -19 is by a No. 4 With the following wording added: "4." Transport company "as mentioned in Article 18: public or private law aviation companies, public or private law lake transport companies." Art. 2- The ministerial vertical vom June 30, 2020 to determine urgency measures to contain the spread of the spreading descoronavirus Covid-19 is supplemented by an article 8BIS with the following wording: "Art. 8bis casinos and play halls may be open from the usual opening hours until 1 a.m. , unless the municipal authority has released an earlier closure, and must remain closed from 1 a.m. in the morning of an uninterrupted period of at least five successive hours. "Art. 3 - Article 18 of the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 to determine association measures to contain the spread of the Coronavirus Covid -19 is set as follows: "Art. 18 - § 1 - not essential trips from Belgium and prohibited according to Belgian. In deviation from § 1 and without prejudice to Article 20, it is permitted: 1. From Belgium to all countries of the European Union, the Schengen area and traveling the United Kingdom and traveling to Belgium from these countries, with exceptional zone certain areas whose list is published on the website of the federal public service matters2nd holiday camp at a distance of a maximum of 1550 kilometers to the Belgian border, with the exception of the areas determined as red zone, whose list publishes on the website of the federal public service, 3. Traveling from Belgium to countries that are included in the list published on the website of the federal public service and travel to Belgium from these countries, with the exception of the areas determined as red zone, whose list on the website federal service Foreign matters are published. §3 - for trips that are based on paragraphs 1 and 2 from a country that is not allowed to be a member of the Schengen area, the traveler is obliged to affect the Federal Service on the website and the foreigner office before the trip To fill out, sign, sign the published Locator form. , the stay that is refused to remove foreigners. § 4 - In the event of a trip from a red zone, the traveler determined by a red zone is obliged to fill, sign, sign, sign and send the transport company to the transport company. The transport company is obliged to direct this declaration immediately to saniport. § 5 - In the case of a journey in paragraph 3 and 4, both of which is not used for transport companies, the traveler is personally obliged to affect the Passenger Locator Form, which is external to the website of the Federation of the Federation of Federation, and the Passenger Locator. To fill out, sign and send saniport in Belgium. "Art. 4 - The ministerial decree of June 30 for determining urgency measures to contain the spread of the spread of the Coronaviruscovide -19 is supplemented by an article 21bis with the following wording:" Art. 21BIS - From the age of twelve, everyone is obliged to cover the mouth and nose in the following facilities with a mask or another alternative made of fabric: 1. Shops and shopping centers, 2. cinemas, 3. Event, concert or conference halls, 4. Lecture halls, 5. Cult sites, 6th museums, 7. Libraries, 8. Casinos and play halls, 9. Court buildings (in the parts of the building that are accessible to the public). It is not possible to wear a protective mask or an alternative for material for medical reasons can be used for a facial protection umbrella. "Art. 5 - Article 22 of the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 for the determination of urgency measures for Insulation of the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 is set as follows: "Art. 22- With the penalties provided in Article 187 of the Act of May 15, 2007 on civil security punishments are punished against the following articles:- Article 4bis 8, with the exception of the provisions that affect the relationship between employer and employee, articles 10, With the exception of the provisions that affect the relationship between employer and employee and the obligations of the responsible municipal authorities - Article 11, 16, 18, 19 and 21 to "Art. 6 - The existing decree will occur in Kraft.brussels on July 11, 2020 July 10, 2020p. De CremPublication: 2020-07-15Numac: 202004289federal Public Service Home Affairs 10 July 2020.-Ministerial Decree amending the Ministerial Decree of 30 June 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the COVID-19 Coronavirus. - German translation below is the German translation of the ministerial decision of 10 July 2020 amending the ministerial decision of 30 June 2020 urgent measures to limit the distribution of the COVID-19 Coronavirus (Belgian Official Gazette of 10 July 2020). was drawn up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.Föderaleröffentlicher Service Inneres10. JULI 2020 - Ministerieller Erlass zur Abänderung des MinisteriellenErlasses vom 30. Juni 2020 zur Festlegung von Dringlichkeitsmaßnahmen zur Eindämmung der Ausbreitungdes Coronavirus COVID-19Der Minister der Sicherheit und des Innern,Aufgrund des Gesetzesvom 31. Dezember 1963 über den Zivilschutz, des Artikels 4;Aufgrund des Gesetzes vom 5. August1992 über das Polizeiamt, of Article 11 und 42; Aufgrund des Gesetzes vom 15. Mai 2007 Überdie Zivile Sicherheit, of Article 181, 182 und 187; Aufgrund des Ministerialles Vom30. June 2020 Zur Festlegung von Dringlichkeitsmaßnahmen Zur Eindämmung der Ausbreitung des Coronaviruscovid-19; Aufgrund von Article 8 § 2 Nr. 1 Und 2 des Gesetzes vom 15. Dezember 2013 Zurfestlegung Vigantener Bestimmungen in Sachen Administrative Vereinfachung Ist Vorliegendender Erlassvon der Auswirkungsanalysis Beim Erlass von Vorschrifts BeFreit; Aufgrund der Stellungnahmed, Afgrond, AUFANSPEKREPORTOR DO NAUBANZENTORS DIVANSPECTORS DO NAUBANZENTORS im Rat Darüber Beraten Haben; Aufgrund der am 12. January 1973 Cordinators Gesetze über the Staatsrat, of the articles 3 § 1 Absatz 1; Aufgrund der Dringlichkeit, which es nicht Zuld, Das Gutachts of the Staatsbungsabeilung of the Staatrates Vasteilung vinerbungsabeilung vinerbungsabeilung vinerbungsabeilung Vaster Valler Valler Valler Valler Valler Valler Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung, Real Verkon Valleilung, Valler Bungsbung aufgrund der Notwendigkeit, Maßnahmen zu erwägen,die sich auf epidemiologische Ergebnisse stützen, die sich Tag für Tag weiterentwickeln, wobei die jüngstenErgebnisse, die während der Beratung des Konzertierungsausschusses vom 8. und 9. Juli 2020 beschlossenenMaßnahmen gerechtfertigt haben; Dass es daher urgently Erforderlich ist, Mestimme Maßnahmenzu Erneuern and other Anzupassen; in Erwägung der Konzertierungen Zwischen the Regierungender Föderierten Teilgebiet und den Zuständigen Föderalen Behörden ims., Deram 10., Deram. und 24. April 2020, AM 6., 13., 20. und 29. Mai 2020, am 3., 24. und 30. Juni 2020 und am 10. Juli 2020 zusammengetreten ist;In Erwägung des Artikels 191des Vertrags über die Arbeitsweise der Europäischen Union, in dem das Prinzip der Vorsorge im Rahmender Bewältigung einer internationalen Gesundheitskrise und der aktiven Vorbereitung auf einen möglichenKrisenfall verankert ist; dass dieses Prinzip voraussetzt, dass die öffentlichen Behörden bei der Feststellung,dass ein ernstes Risiko höchstwahrscheinlich eintreten wird, dringende und vorläufige Schutzmaßnahmenergreifen müssen;In Erwägung der Erklärung der WHO in Bezug auf die Eigenschaften des CoronavirusCOVID-19, insbesondere hinsichtlich der hohen Übertragbarkeit und des Sterberisikos; in Erwägungder am 11. März 2020 von der Who vengenommenen Qualifizierung des Coronavirus Covid-19; indere eagung, dass who who am 16. und sich rasch in der Welt ausbreitet;InErwägung der Erklärung des Regionaldirektors der WHO für Europa vom 3. Juni 2020, wonach der Übergangzu einer "neuen Normalität" auf den Grundsätzen der Volksgesundheit und auf wirtschaftlichen und gesellschaftlichenÜberlegungen fußen muss und dass die Entscheidungsträger auf allen Ebenen DEM Leitgrundsatz Eineschrittwei sen und Behutsamen übergangs Folgen Müssen; in Erwägung der Verbreitung des Coronaviruscovid-19-19 Auf dem Europäischen Gebiet und in Belgium; dass die Gesamtzahl der Ansteckungen weiter ansteigt;InErwägung der vom Coronavirus COVID-19 ausgehenden Gesundheitsgefahr für die belgische Bevölkerung undder daraus entstehenden Dringlichkeit;In der Erwägung, dass das Coronavirus COVID-19 eine Infektionskrankheitauslöst, die meist die Lunge und die Atemwege befällt;In der Erwägung, dass das Coronaviruscovid-19-19 Offenbar von Mensch zu Mensch über den Luftweg übertragen wird; dass die Übertragung der Krankheitscheinbar auf alle möglichen Verbreitungsarten durch Mund oder Nase erfolgt;In Erwägung derAnzahl erkannter Infektionsfälle und der Anzahl Todesfälle in Belgien seit dem 13. März 2020;InErwägung der Stellungnahme des CELEVAL;Aufgrund der Stellungnahme des Hohen Rates für Selbständigeund KMB vom 22 April 2020In consideration that the entire national territory is affected by the danger; that it is in the general interest that the measures taken to maintain public order are coherent, which means that their efficiency is maximized; in the consideration that in view of the previous certain meetings in closed and stagnant locations, but also at the open sky still a special risk for the The health of the population disorders; in the consideration that a police measure to restore and monitoring of more than 15 people is consequently essential and proportionate; in the consideration that the above -mentioned measure leads to the number of acute infection and consequently enables the intensive care units the most difficult to absorb the most patient undertaking, and that on the other hand, the researchers are given more time to develop efficient treatment methods and vaccines; that this measure also emphasizes a contact with contact; in consideration of the report of the expert group for the Exit Strategy (GEES) of April 22, 2020, which contains a gradual concept for the gradual withdrawal of the measures and mainly relies on three essential aspects, namely to wear one Protective mask, testing and tracing; that the report strives for a balance between the preservation of physical and intellectual health, the fulfillment of pedagogical orders in the area of ​​teaching and the reception of the economy; that the GES is composed of experts from different areas, in particular from doctors, virologists and economic experts; in consideration of the GEES reports, in particular with regard to the expansion of the obligation to bear a protective mask; 2020; in consideration of the Phoenix Plan for a restart of the trade of Comeos; in consideration of the "guideline for the opening of the business, containing the spread of COVID-19", which is made available on the website of the federal public service; in consideration of the "General guidelines for the intimidation of Covid-19 at the workplace", which is made available on the website of the federal public service, work and social concerting; ", that on the Federal Public website Hen Service is made available; in consideration of the protocols, which are determined by the responsible ministers in concerting with the relevant sectors; in the consideration that a mayor, if he realizes that activities have been carried out in violation of the present ministerial decree or the applicable protocols will order in the interests of public health, the administrative conclusion of the law on August 4, 1996. The well -being of the employees in the execution of their work and his execution. Inserment of the concertation in the concerting committee; in the consideration that the average number of new plugs and deaths in connection with the Coronavirus Covid-19 continues a trend that has been declining for several weeks; that the virus has not disappeared from Belgium and there are still circulating there; that a second wave of infection has so far not been excluded; in the consideration that due to this favorable development, the reopening of casinos and slot scale halls could be reopened; However, that certain restrictions must be provided in order to contain the risk of infection and the risk of spreading the virus; that the restrictions on the opening and closing times of these facilities with the times provided for for taps and restaurants; It must be prevented that activities in these institutions or in their surroundings to uncontrolled gatherings in connection with nightlife; in the consideration that the current global epidemiological development of COVID-19 on the basis of objective epidemiological criteria is not favorable in all countries or regions can be viewed; in the consideration that the first virus wave in Belgium in Belgium exponentially and quickly spread out due to the complexity of the trexality of the travelers withdrawing after Belgium; in the consideration that the vigilance and the fear of an immediately upcoming second global virus wave In the event of an unfavorable epidemiological development in a region or a country;The fact that it is appropriate to the background of the summer vacation, not essential trips in and from areas that have been reversed with the relevant national authorities with a curfew, and traveling and traveling and from cities, municipalities, districts, regions and countries based on objective epidemiological criteria To be considered very risky, in particular, to prevent the return from the vacation from these areas to a revival of the epidemic in Belgium; Indian consideration that the health situation is unstable and certain areas that originally intended as safe Risk areas can become; that urgency and forced measures are required in this regard; that a flexible approach must also be determined on the basis of the statements of the Celeval in order to be able to dynamically adapt the list of areas with a very high risk based on objective epidemiological criteria; Is a precise monitoring of the health of the health of persons who are from cities, municipalities, districts, regions or countries, including within the Schengen area, the European Union or the United Kingdom, for which Celeval on the basic objective epidemiological criteria Health risk has determined; in this consideration that with regard to compliance with all health recommendations and the social distance is always appealed to the sense of responsibility and solidarity of every citizen; in the consideration that the wearing of a protective mask or another alternative from fabric is an important role B the strategy of gradual withdrawal of the measures plays; that the wearing of a protection mask of the population is therefore recommended in all situations in which the rules of social distancing cannot be met, so that the virus is reduced; that wearing a protective mask in certain facilities and specific situations is mandatory; that the wearing of a protective mask is not sufficient and always has to go with the other prevention measures; that social distancing remains the most important and priority measure; in the consideration that the basic hygiene measures remain essential; in consideration that activities outdoors should be preferred as far as possible; that, unless possible, the rooms have to be ventilated sufficiently; in consideration that it is necessary to take additional precautions in relation to people who belong to a risk group; If it is still necessary to continue to prohibit activities in which there is a high risk of spreading the virus to continue to dedicate special attention to dedications that lead to too close contact between those involved and/or too many people together; in the consideration that the health situation is assessed regularly; that this means that a return to stricter measures can never be excludedPublication: 2020-07-15Numac: 202004289federal Public Service Home Affairs 10 July 2020.-Ministerial Decree amending the Ministerial Decree of 30 June 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the COVID-19 Coronavirus. - German translation below is the German translation of the ministerial decision of 10 July 2020 amending the ministerial decision of 30 June 2020 urgent measures to limit the distribution of the COVID-19 Coronavirus (Belgian Official Gazette of 10 July 2020). was drawn up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.Föderaleröffentlicher Service Inneres10. JULI 2020 - Ministerieller Erlass zur Abänderung des MinisteriellenErlasses vom 30. Juni 2020 zur Festlegung von Dringlichkeitsmaßnahmen zur Eindämmung der Ausbreitungdes Coronavirus COVID-19Der Minister der Sicherheit und des Innern,Aufgrund des Gesetzesvom 31. Dezember 1963 über den Zivilschutz, des Artikels 4;Aufgrund des Gesetzes vom 5. August1992 über das Polizeiamt, of Article 11 und 42; Aufgrund des Gesetzes vom 15. Mai 2007 Überdie Zivile Sicherheit, of Article 181, 182 und 187; Aufgrund des Ministerialles Vom30. June 2020 Zur Festlegung von Dringlichkeitsmaßnahmen Zur Eindämmung der Ausbreitung des Coronaviruscovid-19; Aufgrund von Article 8 § 2 Nr. 1 Und 2 des Gesetzes vom 15. Dezember 2013 Zurfestlegung Vigantener Bestimmungen in Sachen Administrative Vereinfachung Ist Vorliegendender Erlassvon der Auswirkungsanalysis Beim Erlass von Vorschrifts BeFreit; Aufgrund der Stellungnahmed, Afgrond, AUFANSPEKREPORTOR DO NAUBANZENTORS DIVANSPECTORS DO NAUBANZENTORS im Rat Darüber Beraten Haben; Aufgrund der am 12. January 1973 Cordinators Gesetze über the Staatsrat, of the articles 3 § 1 Absatz 1; Aufgrund der Dringlichkeit, which es nicht Zuld, Das Gutachts of the Staatsbungsabeilung of the Staatrates Vasteilung vinerbungsabeilung vinerbungsabeilung vinerbungsabeilung Vaster Valler Valler Valler Valler Valler Valler Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung, Real Verkon Valleilung, Valler Bungsbung aufgrund der Notwendigkeit, Maßnahmen zu erwägen,die sich auf epidemiologische Ergebnisse stützen, die sich Tag für Tag weiterentwickeln, wobei die jüngstenErgebnisse, die während der Beratung des Konzertierungsausschusses vom 8. und 9. Juli 2020 beschlossenenMaßnahmen gerechtfertigt haben; Dass es daher urgently Erforderlich ist, Mestimme Maßnahmenzu Erneuern and other Anzupassen; in Erwägung der Konzertierungen Zwischen the Regierungender Föderierten Teilgebiet und den Zuständigen Föderalen Behörden ims., Deram 10., Deram. und 24. April 2020, AM 6., 13., 20. und 29. Mai 2020, am 3., 24. und 30. Juni 2020 und am 10. Juli 2020 zusammengetreten ist;In Erwägung des Artikels 191des Vertrags über die Arbeitsweise der Europäischen Union, in dem das Prinzip der Vorsorge im Rahmender Bewältigung einer internationalen Gesundheitskrise und der aktiven Vorbereitung auf einen möglichenKrisenfall verankert ist; dass dieses Prinzip voraussetzt, dass die öffentlichen Behörden bei der Feststellung,dass ein ernstes Risiko höchstwahrscheinlich eintreten wird, dringende und vorläufige Schutzmaßnahmenergreifen müssen;In Erwägung der Erklärung der WHO in Bezug auf die Eigenschaften des CoronavirusCOVID-19, insbesondere hinsichtlich der hohen Übertragbarkeit und des Sterberisikos; in Erwägungder am 11. März 2020 von der Who vengenommenen Qualifizierung des Coronavirus Covid-19; indere eagung, dass who who am 16. und sich rasch in der Welt ausbreitet;InErwägung der Erklärung des Regionaldirektors der WHO für Europa vom 3. Juni 2020, wonach der Übergangzu einer "neuen Normalität" auf den Grundsätzen der Volksgesundheit und auf wirtschaftlichen und gesellschaftlichenÜberlegungen fußen muss und dass die Entscheidungsträger auf allen Ebenen DEM Leitgrundsatz Eineschrittwei sen und Behutsamen übergangs Folgen Müssen; in Erwägung der Verbreitung des Coronaviruscovid-19-19 Auf dem Europäischen Gebiet und in Belgium; dass die Gesamtzahl der Ansteckungen weiter ansteigt;InErwägung der vom Coronavirus COVID-19 ausgehenden Gesundheitsgefahr für die belgische Bevölkerung undder daraus entstehenden Dringlichkeit;In der Erwägung, dass das Coronavirus COVID-19 eine Infektionskrankheitauslöst, die meist die Lunge und die Atemwege befällt;In der Erwägung, dass das Coronaviruscovid-19-19 Offenbar von Mensch zu Mensch über den Luftweg übertragen wird; dass die Übertragung der Krankheitscheinbar auf alle möglichen Verbreitungsarten durch Mund oder Nase erfolgt;In Erwägung derAnzahl erkannter Infektionsfälle und der Anzahl Todesfälle in Belgien seit dem 13. März 2020;InErwägung der Stellungnahme des CELEVAL;Aufgrund der Stellungnahme des Hohen Rates für Selbständigeund KMB vom 22 . April 2020; in der Erwägungthat the entire national territory is affected by the danger; that it is in the general interest that the measures taken to maintain public order are coherent, which means that their efficiency is maximized; in the consideration that in view of the previous certain meetings in closed and stagnant locations, but also at the open sky still a special risk for the The health of the population disorders; in the consideration that a police measure to restore and monitoring of more than 15 people is consequently essential and proportionate; in the consideration that the above -mentioned measure leads to the number of acute infection and consequently enables the intensive care units the most difficult to absorb the most patient undertaking, and that on the other hand, the researchers are given more time to develop efficient treatment methods and vaccines; that this measure also emphasizes a contact with contact; in consideration of the report of the expert group for the Exit Strategy (GEES) of April 22, 2020, which contains a gradual concept for the gradual withdrawal of the measures and mainly relies on three essential aspects, namely to wear one Protective mask, testing and tracing; that the report strives for a balance between the preservation of physical and intellectual health, the fulfillment of pedagogical orders in the area of ​​teaching and the reception of the economy; that the GES is composed of experts from different areas, in particular from doctors, virologists and economic experts; in consideration of the GEES reports, in particular with regard to the expansion of the obligation to bear a protective mask; 2020; in consideration of the Phoenix Plan for a restart of the trade of Comeos; in consideration of the "guideline for the opening of the business, containing the spread of COVID-19", which is made available on the website of the federal public service; in consideration of the "General guidelines for the intimidation of Covid-19 at the workplace", which is made available on the website of the federal public service, work and social concerting; ", that on the Federal Public website Hen Service is made available; in consideration of the protocols, which are determined by the responsible ministers in concerting with the relevant sectors; in the consideration that a mayor, if he realizes that activities have been carried out in violation of the present ministerial decree or the applicable protocols will order in the interests of public health, the administrative conclusion of the law on August 4, 1996. The well -being of the employees in the execution of their work and his execution. Inserment of the concertation in the concerting committee; in the consideration that the average number of new plugs and deaths in connection with the Coronavirus Covid-19 continues a trend that has been declining for several weeks; that the virus has not disappeared from Belgium and there are still circulating there; that a second wave of infection has so far not been excluded; in the consideration that due to this favorable development, the reopening of casinos and slot scale halls could be reopened; However, that certain restrictions must be provided in order to contain the risk of infection and the risk of spreading the virus; that the restrictions on the opening and closing times of these facilities with the times provided for for taps and restaurants; It must be prevented that activities in these institutions or in their surroundings to uncontrolled gatherings in connection with nightlife; in the consideration that the current global epidemiological development of COVID-19 on the basis of objective epidemiological criteria is not favorable in all countries or regions can be viewed; in the consideration that the first virus wave in Belgium in Belgium exponentially and quickly spread out due to the complexity of the trexality of the travelers withdrawing after Belgium; in the consideration that the vigilance and the fear of an immediately upcoming second global virus wave In the event of an unfavorable epidemiological development in a region or a country; in consideration of the occurrence of new oneslocal herd of infection in Europe; The fact that it is appropriate to the background of the summer vacation, not essential trips in and from areas that have been reversed with the relevant national authorities with a curfew, and traveling and traveling and from cities, municipalities, districts, regions and countries based on objective epidemiological criteria To be considered very risky, in particular, to prevent the return from the vacation from these areas to a revival of the epidemic in Belgium; Indian consideration that the health situation is unstable and certain areas that originally intended as safe Risk areas can become; that urgency and forced measures are required in this regard; that a flexible approach must also be determined on the basis of the statements of the Celeval in order to be able to dynamically adapt the list of areas with a very high risk based on objective epidemiological criteria; Is a precise monitoring of the health of the health of persons who are from cities, municipalities, districts, regions or countries, including within the Schengen area, the European Union or the United Kingdom, for which Celeval on the basic objective epidemiological criteria Health risk has determined; in this consideration that with regard to compliance with all health recommendations and the social distance is always appealed to the sense of responsibility and solidarity of every citizen; in the consideration that the wearing of a protective mask or another alternative from fabric is an important role B the strategy of gradual withdrawal of the measures plays; that the wearing of a protection mask of the population is therefore recommended in all situations in which the rules of social distancing cannot be met, so that the virus is reduced; that wearing a protective mask in certain facilities and specific situations is mandatory; that the wearing of a protective mask is not sufficient and always has to go with the other prevention measures; that social distancing remains the most important and priority measure; in the consideration that the basic hygiene measures remain essential; in consideration that activities outdoors should be preferred as far as possible; that, unless possible, the rooms have to be ventilated sufficiently; in consideration that it is necessary to take additional precautions in relation to people who belong to a risk group; If it is still necessary to continue to prohibit activities in which there is a high risk of spreading the virus to continue to dedicate special attention to dedications that lead to too close contact between those involved and/or too many people together; in the consideration that the health situation is assessed regularly; The fact that this means that a return to stricter measures can never be excluded; based on urgency: Article 1 - Article 1 of the Ministerial Decree of June 30, 2020 to determine urgency measures for the intimidation of the Coronavirus Covid -19 is by a No. 4 With the following wording added: "4." Transport company "as mentioned in Article 18: public or private law aviation companies, public or private law lake transport companies." Art. 2- The ministerial vertical vom June 30, 2020 to determine urgency measures to contain the spread of the spreading descoronavirus Covid-19 is supplemented by an article 8BIS with the following wording: "Art. 8bis casinos and play halls may be open from the usual opening hours until 1 a.m. , unless the municipal authority has released an earlier closure, and must remain closed from 1 a.m. in the morning of an uninterrupted period of at least five successive hours. "Art. 3 - Article 18 of the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 to determine association measures to contain the spread of the Coronavirus Covid -19 is set as follows: "Art. 18 - § 1 - not essential trips from Belgium and prohibited according to Belgian. In deviation from § 1 and without prejudice to Article 20, it is permitted: 1. From Belgium to all countries of the European Union, the Schengen area and traveling the United Kingdom and traveling to Belgium from these countries, with exceptional zone certain areas whose list is published on the website of the federal public service matters2nd holiday camp at a distance of a maximum of 1550 kilometers to the Belgian border, with the exception of the areas determined as red zone, whose list publishes on the website of the federal public service, 3. Traveling from Belgium to countries that are included in the list published on the website of the federal public service and travel to Belgium from these countries, with the exception of the areas determined as red zone, whose list on the website federal service Foreign matters are published. §3 - for trips that are based on paragraphs 1 and 2 from a country that is not allowed to be a member of the Schengen area, the traveler is obliged to affect the Federal Service on the website and the foreigner office before the trip To fill out, sign, sign the published Locator form. , the stay that is refused to remove foreigners. § 4 - In the event of a trip from a red zone, the traveler determined by a red zone is obliged to fill, sign, sign, sign and send the transport company to the transport company. The transport company is obliged to direct this declaration immediately to saniport. § 5 - In the case of a journey in paragraph 3 and 4, both of which is not used for transport companies, the traveler is personally obliged to affect the Passenger Locator Form, which is external to the website of the Federation of the Federation of Federation, and the Passenger Locator. To fill out, sign and send saniport in Belgium. "Art. 4 - The ministerial decree of June 30 for determining urgency measures to contain the spread of the spread of the Coronaviruscovide -19 is supplemented by an article 21bis with the following wording:" Art. 21BIS - From the age of twelve, everyone is obliged to cover the mouth and nose in the following facilities with a mask or another alternative made of fabric: 1. Shops and shopping centers, 2. cinemas, 3. Event, concert or conference halls, 4. Lecture halls, 5. Cult sites, 6th museums, 7. Libraries, 8. Casinos and play halls, 9. Court buildings (in the parts of the building that are accessible to the public). It is not possible to wear a protective mask or an alternative for material for medical reasons can be used for a facial protection umbrella. "Art. 5 - Article 22 of the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 for the determination of urgency measures for Insulation of the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 is set as follows: "Art. 22- With the penalties provided in Article 187 of the Act of May 15, 2007 on civil security punishments are punished against the following articles:- Article 4bis 8, with the exception of the provisions that affect the relationship between employer and employee, articles 10, With the exception of the provisions that affect the relationship between employer and employee and the obligations of the responsible municipal authorities - Article 11, 16, 18, 19 and 21 to "Art. 6 - The existing decree will occur in Kraft.brussels on July 11, 2020 July 10, 2020p. De CremPublication: 2020-07-15Numac: 202004289federal Public Service Home Affairs 10 July 2020.-Ministerial Decree amending the Ministerial Decree of 30 June 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the COVID-19 Coronavirus. - German translation below is the German translation of the ministerial decision of 10 July 2020 amending the ministerial decision of 30 June 2020 urgent measures to limit the distribution of the COVID-19 Coronavirus (Belgian Official Gazette of 10 July 2020). was drawn up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.Föderaleröffentlicher Service Inneres10. JULI 2020 - Ministerieller Erlass zur Abänderung des MinisteriellenErlasses vom 30. Juni 2020 zur Festlegung von Dringlichkeitsmaßnahmen zur Eindämmung der Ausbreitungdes Coronavirus COVID-19Der Minister der Sicherheit und des Innern,Aufgrund des Gesetzesvom 31. Dezember 1963 über den Zivilschutz, des Artikels 4;Aufgrund des Gesetzes vom 5. August1992 über das Polizeiamt, of Article 11 und 42; Aufgrund des Gesetzes vom 15. Mai 2007 Überdie Zivile Sicherheit, of Article 181, 182 und 187; Aufgrund des Ministerialles Vom30. June 2020 Zur Festlegung von Dringlichkeitsmaßnahmen Zur Eindämmung der Ausbreitung des Coronaviruscovid-19; Aufgrund von Article 8 § 2 Nr. 1 Und 2 des Gesetzes vom 15. Dezember 2013 Zurfestlegung Vigantener Bestimmungen in Sachen Administrative Vereinfachung Ist Vorliegendender Erlassvon der Auswirkungsanalysis Beim Erlass von Vorschrifts BeFreit; Aufgrund der Stellungnahmed, Afgrond, AUFANSPEKREPORTOR DO NAUBANZENTORS DIVANSPECTORS DO NAUBANZENTORS im Rat Darüber Beraten Haben; Aufgrund der am 12. January 1973 Cordinators Gesetze über the Staatsrat, of the articles 3 § 1 Absatz 1; Aufgrund der Dringlichkeit, which es nicht Zuld, Das Gutachts of the Staatsbungsabeilung of the Staatrates Vasteilung vinerbungsabeilung vinerbungsabeilung vinerbungsabeilung Vaster Valler Valler Valler Valler Valler Valler Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung, Real Verkon Valleilung, Valler Bungsbung aufgrund der Notwendigkeit, Maßnahmen zu erwägen,die sich auf epidemiologische Ergebnisse stützen, die sich Tag für Tag weiterentwickeln, wobei die jüngstenErgebnisse, die während der Beratung des Konzertierungsausschusses vom 8. und 9. Juli 2020 beschlossenenMaßnahmen gerechtfertigt haben; Dass es daher urgently Erforderlich ist, Mestimme Maßnahmenzu Erneuern and other Anzupassen; in Erwägung der Konzertierungen Zwischen the Regierungender Föderierten Teilgebiet und den Zuständigen Föderalen Behörden ims., Deram 10., Deram. und 24. April 2020, AM 6., 13., 20. und 29. Mai 2020, am 3., 24. und 30. Juni 2020 und am 10. Juli 2020 zusammengetreten ist;In Erwägung des Artikels 191des Vertrags über die Arbeitsweise der Europäischen Union, in dem das Prinzip der Vorsorge im Rahmender Bewältigung einer internationalen Gesundheitskrise und der aktiven Vorbereitung auf einen möglichenKrisenfall verankert ist; dass dieses Prinzip voraussetzt, dass die öffentlichen Behörden bei der Feststellung,dass ein ernstes Risiko höchstwahrscheinlich eintreten wird, dringende und vorläufige Schutzmaßnahmenergreifen müssen;In Erwägung der Erklärung der WHO in Bezug auf die Eigenschaften des CoronavirusCOVID-19, insbesondere hinsichtlich der hohen Übertragbarkeit und des Sterberisikos; in Erwägungder am 11. März 2020 von der Who vengenommenen Qualifizierung des Coronavirus Covid-19; indere eagung, dass who who am 16. und sich rasch in der Welt ausbreitet;InErwägung der Erklärung des Regionaldirektors der WHO für Europa vom 3. Juni 2020, wonach der Übergangzu einer "neuen Normalität" auf den Grundsätzen der Volksgesundheit und auf wirtschaftlichen und gesellschaftlichenÜberlegungen fußen muss und dass die Entscheidungsträger auf allen Ebenen DEM Leitgrundsatz Eineschrittwei sen und Behutsamen übergangs Folgen Müssen; in Erwägung der Verbreitung des Coronaviruscovid-19-19 Auf dem Europäischen Gebiet und in Belgium; dass die Gesamtzahl der Ansteckungen weiter ansteigt;InErwägung der vom Coronavirus COVID-19 ausgehenden Gesundheitsgefahr für die belgische Bevölkerung undder daraus entstehenden Dringlichkeit;In der Erwägung, dass das Coronavirus COVID-19 eine Infektionskrankheitauslöst, die meist die Lunge und die Atemwege befällt;In der Erwägung, dass das Coronaviruscovid-19-19 Offenbar von Mensch zu Mensch über den Luftweg übertragen wird; dass die Übertragung der Krankheitscheinbar auf alle möglichen Verbreitungsarten durch Mund oder Nase erfolgt;In Erwägung derAnzahl erkannter Infektionsfälle und der Anzahl Todesfälle in Belgien seit dem 13. März 2020;InErwägung der Stellungnahme des CELEVAL;Aufgrund der Stellungnahme des Hohen Rates für Selbständigeund KMB vom 22 . April 2020; in der Erwägungthat the entire national territory is affected by the danger; that it is in the general interest that the measures taken to maintain public order are coherent, which means that their efficiency is maximized; in the consideration that in view of the previous certain meetings in closed and stagnant locations, but also at the open sky still a special risk for the The health of the population disorders; in the consideration that a police measure to restore and monitoring of more than 15 people is consequently essential and proportionate; in the consideration that the above -mentioned measure leads to the number of acute infection and consequently enables the intensive care units the most difficult to absorb the most patient undertaking, and that on the other hand, the researchers are given more time to develop efficient treatment methods and vaccines; that this measure also emphasizes a contact with contact; in consideration of the report of the expert group for the Exit Strategy (GEES) of April 22, 2020, which contains a gradual concept for the gradual withdrawal of the measures and mainly relies on three essential aspects, namely to wear one Protective mask, testing and tracing; that the report strives for a balance between the preservation of physical and intellectual health, the fulfillment of pedagogical orders in the area of ​​teaching and the reception of the economy; that the GES is composed of experts from different areas, in particular from doctors, virologists and economic experts; in consideration of the GEES reports, in particular with regard to the expansion of the obligation to bear a protective mask; 2020; in consideration of the Phoenix Plan for a restart of the trade of Comeos; in consideration of the "guideline for the opening of the business, containing the spread of COVID-19", which is made available on the website of the federal public service; in consideration of the "General guidelines for the intimidation of Covid-19 at the workplace", which is made available on the website of the federal public service, work and social concerting; ", that on the Federal Public website Hen Service is made available; in consideration of the protocols, which are determined by the responsible ministers in concerting with the relevant sectors; in the consideration that a mayor, if he realizes that activities have been carried out in violation of the present ministerial decree or the applicable protocols will order in the interests of public health, the administrative conclusion of the law on August 4, 1996. The well -being of the employees in the execution of their work and his execution. Inserment of the concertation in the concerting committee; in the consideration that the average number of new plugs and deaths in connection with the Coronavirus Covid-19 continues a trend that has been declining for several weeks; that the virus has not disappeared from Belgium and there are still circulating there; that a second wave of infection has so far not been excluded; in the consideration that due to this favorable development, the reopening of casinos and slot scale halls could be reopened; However, that certain restrictions must be provided in order to contain the risk of infection and the risk of spreading the virus; that the restrictions on the opening and closing times of these facilities with the times provided for for taps and restaurants; It must be prevented that activities in these institutions or in their surroundings to uncontrolled gatherings in connection with nightlife; in the consideration that the current global epidemiological development of COVID-19 on the basis of objective epidemiological criteria is not favorable in all countries or regions can be viewed; in the consideration that the first virus wave in Belgium in Belgium exponentially and quickly spread out due to the complexity of the trexality of the travelers withdrawing after Belgium; in the consideration that the vigilance and the fear of an immediately upcoming second global virus wave In the event of an unfavorable epidemiological development in a region or a country; in consideration of the occurrence of new oneslocal herd of infection in Europe; The fact that it is appropriate to the background of the summer vacation, not essential trips in and from areas that have been reversed with the relevant national authorities with a curfew, and traveling and traveling and from cities, municipalities, districts, regions and countries based on objective epidemiological criteria To be considered very risky, in particular, to prevent the return from the vacation from these areas to a revival of the epidemic in Belgium; Indian consideration that the health situation is unstable and certain areas that originally intended as safe Risk areas can become; that urgency and forced measures are required in this regard; that a flexible approach must also be determined on the basis of the statements of the Celeval in order to be able to dynamically adapt the list of areas with a very high risk based on objective epidemiological criteria; Is a precise monitoring of the health of the health of persons who are from cities, municipalities, districts, regions or countries, including within the Schengen area, the European Union or the United Kingdom, for which Celeval on the basic objective epidemiological criteria Health risk has determined; in this consideration that with regard to compliance with all health recommendations and the social distance is always appealed to the sense of responsibility and solidarity of every citizen; in the consideration that the wearing of a protective mask or another alternative from fabric is an important role B the strategy of gradual withdrawal of the measures plays; that the wearing of a protection mask of the population is therefore recommended in all situations in which the rules of social distancing cannot be met, so that the virus is reduced; that wearing a protective mask in certain facilities and specific situations is mandatory; that the wearing of a protective mask is not sufficient and always has to go with the other prevention measures; that social distancing remains the most important and priority measure; in the consideration that the basic hygiene measures remain essential; in consideration that activities outdoors should be preferred as far as possible; that, unless possible, the rooms have to be ventilated sufficiently; in consideration that it is necessary to take additional precautions in relation to people who belong to a risk group; If it is still necessary to continue to prohibit activities in which there is a high risk of spreading the virus to continue to dedicate special attention to dedications that lead to too close contact between those involved and/or too many people together; in the consideration that the health situation is assessed regularly; The fact that this means that a return to stricter measures can never be excluded; based on urgency: Article 1 - Article 1 of the Ministerial Decree of June 30, 2020 to determine urgency measures for the intimidation of the Coronavirus Covid -19 is by a No. 4 With the following wording added: "4." Transport company "as mentioned in Article 18: public or private law aviation companies, public or private law lake transport companies." Art. 2- The ministerial vertical vom June 30, 2020 to determine urgency measures to contain the spread of the spreading descoronavirus Covid-19 is supplemented by an article 8BIS with the following wording: "Art. 8bis casinos and play halls may be open from the usual opening hours until 1 a.m. , unless the municipal authority has released an earlier closure, and must remain closed from 1 a.m. in the morning of an uninterrupted period of at least five successive hours. "Art. 3 - Article 18 of the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 to determine association measures to contain the spread of the Coronavirus Covid -19 is set as follows: "Art. 18 - § 1 - not essential trips from Belgium and prohibited according to Belgian. In deviation from § 1 and without prejudice to Article 20, it is permitted: 1. From Belgium to all countries of the European Union, the Schengen area and traveling the United Kingdom and traveling to Belgium from these countries, with exceptional zone certain areas whose list is published on the website of the federal public service matters2nd holiday camp at a distance of a maximum of 1550 kilometers to the Belgian border, with the exception of the areas determined as red zone, whose list publishes on the website of the federal public service, 3. Traveling from Belgium to countries that are included in the list published on the website of the federal public service and travel to Belgium from these countries, with the exception of the areas determined as red zone, whose list on the website federal service Foreign matters are published. §3 - for trips that are based on paragraphs 1 and 2 from a country that is not allowed to be a member of the Schengen area, the traveler is obliged to affect the Federal Service on the website and the foreigner office before the trip To fill out, sign, sign the published Locator form. , the stay that is refused to remove foreigners. § 4 - In the event of a trip from a red zone, the traveler determined by a red zone is obliged to fill, sign, sign, sign and send the transport company to the transport company. The transport company is obliged to direct this declaration immediately to saniport. § 5 - In the case of a journey in paragraph 3 and 4, both of which is not used for transport companies, the traveler is personally obliged to affect the Passenger Locator Form, which is external to the website of the Federation of the Federation of Federation, and the Passenger Locator. To fill out, sign and send saniport in Belgium. "Art. 4 - The ministerial decree of June 30 for determining urgency measures to contain the spread of the spread of the Coronaviruscovide -19 is supplemented by an article 21bis with the following wording:" Art. 21BIS - From the age of twelve, everyone is obliged to cover the mouth and nose in the following facilities with a mask or another alternative made of fabric: 1. Shops and shopping centers, 2. cinemas, 3. Event, concert or conference halls, 4. Lecture halls, 5. Cult sites, 6th museums, 7. Libraries, 8. Casinos and play halls, 9. Court buildings (in the parts of the building that are accessible to the public). It is not possible to wear a protective mask or an alternative for material for medical reasons can be used for a facial protection umbrella. "Art. 5 - Article 22 of the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 for the determination of urgency measures for Insulation of the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 is set as follows: "Art. 22- With the penalties provided in Article 187 of the Act of May 15, 2007 on civil security punishments are punished against the following articles:- Article 4bis 8, with the exception of the provisions that affect the relationship between employer and employee, articles 10, With the exception of the provisions that affect the relationship between employer and employee and the obligations of the responsible municipal authorities - Article 11, 16, 18, 19 and 21 to "Art. 6 - The existing decree will occur in Kraft.brussels on July 11, 2020 July 10, 2020p. De Crem