Publication: 2020-05-18NUMAC: 2020041207Federal Public Service Home Affairs 11 January 2019. -Act containing measures of combating tax fraud and avoidance on withholding tax. - German translation The following text is the German translation of the law of 11 January 2019 containing measures of combating tax fraud and avoiding withdrawal (Belgian Official Gazette of 22 January 2019). This translation has been drawn up by the Central Service for German Translation in Malmedy. Growerer Öffentlicherdienst Finanzen11. January 2019 - Gesetz Zur Festlegung von Maßnahmen Zur Bekämpfung Dersteuerhinterziehung und -Hinsichtlich des Mobiliensteuervorabzspilippe, Konig Derbelgier, Allen Gegenwartigen Undiehon Endon's - Die Abgeordengende dasen's dasen's dasen's dasen ansome, unser's ansome Anseommengendegene Erwähnte Angelegenheit.art. 2 - Article 262 des Einkommensteuergesetzbuches1992, Zuletzt Abgeändert durch das Gesetz vom 25. Dezijn 2017, wird who folgs abgeändert: A) number 4 wird who folgt esetzt: "4. Einkünte güuggente güuggenggente aus ald Pools güuggenggengente güunggengen, Absatz 1 Nr. 11 erwähnte Einkünfte, die unrechtmäßigunter Vorabzugsbefreiung bezogen wurden oder für die der Vorabzug dem Empfänger der Einkünfte unberechtigterweiseerstattet wurde,".b) Der Artikel wird durch eine Nummer 7 mit folgendem Wortlaut ergänzt:"7.Dividenden ausländischer Herkunft, die ohne Beteiligung Eines in Belgien Ansässigen Vermittlers im Auslandvon Einem in Belgien Ansässigen Steuerpflichten Verepproigen Vereinnahmt Oder Wanted Wurden, Dessen Gesellschaftsschließließlich Oder Hauptensächlich in the Vertaltung, Geldern Besteht were seasht. 3 - Article266 Absatz 4 Desselben Gesetzbuches, eingefügt durch das Gesetz vom 1. Dezember 2016, wird durch folgendensatz ergänzt: "Die tatsache, dass ein empfängger and divon -von's von's von's von -von -von -von -von -von -von -von -von -von -von -von -von -von -von -von -von -von -von -von -von -von -von -von -von -von -von -von -von -von -von -von -von -von, divouptschaft. gesammelt werden,gesetzliche oder ergänzende Pensionen auszuzahlen, die Wertpapiere, aus denen die Dividenden hervorgehen,nicht während eines ununterbrochenen Zeitraums von mindestens sechzig Tagen in Volleigentum gehaltenhat, stellt eine widerlegbare Vermutung dar, dass die Rechtshandlung oder die Gesamtheit von Rechtshandlungen,mit der die Dividenden Verbunden Sind, Unangemessen ist. "Art. 4 - In Artikel 281 desselbenGesetzbuches, abgeändert durch die Gesetze vom 10. März 1999 und 15. Dezember 2004, werden die Wörter"der Empfänger zur Ausübung seiner Berufstätigkeit nutzt, wird nur unter der Bedingung angerechnet, dassder Steuerpflichtige zum Zeitpunkt der Zuerkennung oder Ausschüttung der Dividends "Durch Die Wörter" Der Empfänger Zur Ausübung Seiner Beruflichen Tätigkeit Nutzt, Wird Nur Unter of the Summarage Angereechnet, Dass der Steuerpflichtige Am Date of the Identifizierung der Dividendenbuchts "esetzt.art.1taT.1TaT.1Ard.1artst.1art.1art.1art.1art.1art.1artst.1artst.1artst.1artst.1artst. eingefügt: "Art. 281/1- Kein Mobiliensteuervorabzug Wird Angereechnet in Bezug Auf Dividenden, Wenn der Empfänger, Dessen Gesellszzweckschließlich Oder Hauptächlich in the Verdaltung, who were held, von geldern, von geldern, von geldern destern, von's desteht, von's desteht, sorted destern, desteht, helled destern desteht, destern destern destern, desteht, who was von's destern desteht. Aus Denendie Dividends Reforgehen, Nicht Während Eines Ununter Broch enen Zeitraums von mindestens sechzig Tagenin Volleigentum gehalten hat.Absatz 1 ist nicht anwendbar auf Dividenden, für die der Empfängernachgewiesen hat, dass sie nicht mit einer Rechtshandlung oder einer Gesamtheit von Rechtshandlungenverbunden sind, die unangemessen ist und bei der der wesentliche Zweck oder einer der wesentlichen Zweckedarin destht, that Anrechnung des Mobiliensteuervorabzugs auf diesse Dividenden zu erlangen. "Art.6 - Vorliegendes Gesetz Tritt am Tag Seiner Veröffentlichs Staatsblatt in kraft.wirferten anxeglegegde Gesetze Gesetze Gesetze Gesetzegde Gesetzegde Gesetze Verhtze Verhtze Verhtze Verhtzegde Gesetze Verhtze Verhtzegegegegegegegegegde Gesetz. Veröffentlicht Wird.geben zu Brüssel, den 11. January 2019philippevonkönigs Wegen: der VizePremierminister und Minister of Finanzena. The Croomitdem Staatselgel Vershen: of the Minister of Justiz, k. GainPublication: 2020-05-08Numac: 2020041223 Flemish government 30 April 2020.-Decision of the Flemish Government on the financial consequences of the measures to combat COVID-19 for facilities for persons with disabilities and for people with disabilities who have support from the Flemish Agency for Persons with Disability Rights End Decree is based on:- The Decree of 7 May 2004 establishing the internal independence with legal personality Flemish Agency for persons with disabilities Article 8, 2 ° and 3 °, 7 °, 11 ° and 12 ° inserted by decree of 25 April 2014 and Article 19 inserted by the Decree of 25 April 2014;-the Decree of 25 April 2014 containing the personal financing for persons with disabilities and to reform the method of financing care and the support for persons with a Handicap, Article 10 First paragraph. Formweree following formal requirements are fulfilled:- The Flemish Minister, competent For the budget, his agreement has given on29 April 2020.- No advice was requested from the Council of State, with application of Article3, § 1, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973. It is urgently necessary that clarity is offered for facilities and people with disabilities the initiatives have taken the initiatives to meet the financial consequences of the Maat-regulatoryie the government has taken to combat COVID-19. The measures for the provisions of the provisions are the support that they support it They have to offer it normally either not be able to offer either that should offer more or other support. On the other hand, they must continue to employ their staff or make them available to other organizations for persons with disabilities or other organizations recognized or licensed within the Welfare, Public Health and Family policy area. It is then also urgently necessary that the provisions guarantee for the preservation of the same resources as for the corona period is offered. The measures for persons with disabilities have the consequence that they cannot go to the facility in a number of cases, but permanently stay in the home situations or that or that they can no longer go home and have to stay permanently in the provision. It is urgent to provide clarity about the financial consequences of the changes in support as a result of COVID-19 and about the initiatives have been taken to meet the financial consequences of the measures within the framework of COVID-19.Motiveringdit Decree are based on the following motives: the measures taken in the COVID-19 Landconfan have an important impact on the regular operation and services of all actors in the sector of persons with a handicap and on the care and support that the people involved m can get etched handicap. This impact is expressed in various areas. Requirements imposed in the regulations cannot be met (in time). The support that is normally offered cannot be continued. Facilities cannot provide support or need to offer more or other support, which implies changes in the personnel deployment. Both people with disabilities facilities have extra and unforeseen costs. In order to limit the impact and to be able to offer both legally and finance the necessary guarantees, a number of temporary compensatory measures are taken. Initiative -Terit Decree is proposed by the Flemish Minister for Welfare, Public Health, Family and Poverty Raading, the Flemish Government Decree: Hoofpest 1. - General provisions article1Publication: 2020-05-08Numac: 2020041223 Flemish government 30 April 2020.-Decision of the Flemish Government on the financial consequences of the measures to combat COVID-19 for facilities for persons with disabilities and for people with disabilities who have support from the Flemish Agency for Persons with Disability Rights End Decree is based on:- The Decree of 7 May 2004 establishing the internal independence with legal personality Flemish Agency for persons with disabilities Article 8, 2 ° and 3 °, 7 °, 11 ° and 12 ° inserted by decree of 25 April 2014 and Article 19 inserted by the Decree of 25 April 2014;-the Decree of 25 April 2014 containing the personal financing for persons with disabilities and to reform the method of financing care and the support for persons with a Handicap, Article 10 First paragraph. Formweree following formal requirements are fulfilled:- The Flemish Minister, competent For the budget, his agreement has given on29 April 2020.- No advice was requested from the Council of State, with application of Article3, § 1, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973. It is urgently necessary that clarity is offered for facilities and people with disabilities the initiatives have taken the initiatives to meet the financial consequences of the Maat-regulatoryie the government has taken to combat COVID-19. The measures for the provisions of the provisions are the support that they support it They have to offer it normally either not be able to offer either that should offer more or other support. On the other hand, they must continue to employ their staff or make them available to other organizations for persons with disabilities or other organizations recognized or licensed within the Welfare, Public Health and Family policy area. It is then also urgently necessary that the provisions guarantee for the preservation of the same resources as for the corona period is offered. The measures for persons with disabilities have the consequence that they cannot go to the facility in a number of cases, but permanently stay in the home situations or that or that they can no longer go home and have to stay permanently in the provision. It is urgent to provide clarity about the financial consequences of the changes in support as a result of COVID-19 and about the initiatives have been taken to meet the financial consequences of the measures within the framework of COVID-19.Motiveringdit Decree are based on the following motives: the measures taken in the COVID-19 Landconfan have an important impact on the regular operation and services of all actors in the sector of persons with a handicap and on the care and support that the people involved m can get etched handicap. This impact is expressed in various areas. Requirements imposed in the regulations cannot be met (in time). The support that is normally offered cannot be continued. Facilities cannot provide support or need to offer more or other support, which implies changes in the personnel deployment. Both people with disabilities facilities have extra and unforeseen costs. In order to limit the impact and to be able to offer both legally and finance the necessary guarantees, a number of temporary compensatory measures are taken. Initiative -Terit Decree is proposed by the Flemish Minister for Welfare, Public Health, Family and Poverty Raading, the Flemish Government Decree: Hoofpest 1. - General provisions article1. For the purposes of this Decree, it is understood to mean: 1 ° agency: the Flemish agency for persons with disabilities, established in the decree of 7 May 2004 establishing the internal self -employed agency with legal personality Flemish Agency for persons with disabilities; 2 ° Decree of December 15, 2000: Decree of the Flemish Government of 15 December 2000 establishing the conditions for the granting of a personal assistance budget to persons with disabilities; 3 ° Decree of 24 June 2016: Decree of the Flemish Government of 24 June 2016 on the spending of the budget for non-directly accessible care and support for adult persons with a handicap and on organizational costs for licensed care providers; 4 ° assistance organization: a social assistance organization as stated in Article 1, 2 °, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 11 December 2015 containing the Permit Conditions and the Subsidy Scheme of Assistance Organi to assist Ombudget holders in the context of personal financing; 5 ° budget holder of a PAB: a budget holder as stated in Article 1, 4 °, of the Decree of 15 December 20006 ° budget holder of a personal budget: a budget holder as stated in Article 1, 6 ° of the Decree of 24 June 2016; 7 ° Cash Budget: a cash budget as stated in Article 1, 7 °, of the decision of 24 June 2016; 8 ° Individual service agreement: the individual service agreement stated in Article 9 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 4 February 2011 on the general terms and conditions and quality assurance of provisions for reception, treatment and guidance of people with disabilities; 9 ° PAB: a PAB as stated in Article 1, 3 °, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 15 December 2000; 10 ° period COVID-19: The period in which the Maat-Regelendie were issued to combat COVID-19 are in force and that took effect on March 14, 2020; 11 ° Personal Budget: A budget for non -directly accessible care and support as mentioned in Chapter 5 of the Decree of 25 April 2014 containing the Personal Finance for Persons with a handicap and to reform the method of financing care and support front persons with a disability or the number of care -related resources stated in Articles 8 and 12 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 24 June 2016 containing the transition of persons With a handicap that uses a personal assistance budget or a personal budget or that are supported by a flexible supply center for adult or a home counseling service, to personal-following financing and containing the transition of the flexible supply centers for multi-year-olds and the home counseling services, or a number of care-related points in the care-related points Article 11/1, § 1, first paragraph of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 20 April 2018 containing measures for the elaboration of the personal budgets made available in the context of the transition to personal financing, or Article 2, first paragraph, of the decision from the Flemish Government of 29 March 2019 on the transition do the persons with disabilities who receive care and support abroad and to amend the decision of the Flemish Government of 24 June 2016 on the use of the budget for non-right-wing care and support for adult persons with disabilities and about organizational costs for licensed care providers, with regard to the use of the budget abroad; 12 ° temporary personal budget emergency: a temporary personal budget emergency as a referred to in Article 28 of the Flemish Government Decree of 27 November 2015 on the submissions the handling of the application for a budget for non -directly accessible care and support for adult persons with disabilities and about the provision of that budget; 13 ° licensed care provider: a provider of care and support that in accordance with the decision of the Flemish government of 24 June 2016 containing the licensing of providers of non-right-wing care support for persons with disabilities, permit is permitted by the agency; 14 ° provisions: the facilities stated in Article 4, first paragraph, 1 ° to 4 °, of, of, of The decision of the Flemish Direction of 4 February 2011 on the general terms and conditions of recognition and quality assurance of provisions for care, treatment and guidance of persons with disabilitiesPublication: 2020-05-08Numac: 2020041223 Flemish government 30 April 2020.-Decision of the Flemish Government on the financial consequences of the measures to combat COVID-19 for facilities for persons with disabilities and for people with disabilities who have support from the Flemish Agency for Persons with Disability Rights End Decree is based on:- The Decree of 7 May 2004 establishing the internal independence with legal personality Flemish Agency for persons with disabilities Article 8, 2 ° and 3 °, 7 °, 11 ° and 12 ° inserted by decree of 25 April 2014 and Article 19 inserted by the Decree of 25 April 2014;-the Decree of 25 April 2014 containing the personal financing for persons with disabilities and to reform the method of financing care and the support for persons with a Handicap, Article 10 First paragraph. Formweree following formal requirements are fulfilled:- The Flemish Minister, competent For the budget, his agreement has given on29 April 2020.- No advice was requested from the Council of State, with application of Article3, § 1, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973. It is urgently necessary that clarity is offered for facilities and people with disabilities the initiatives have taken the initiatives to meet the financial consequences of the Maat-regulatoryie the government has taken to combat COVID-19. The measures for the provisions of the provisions are the support that they support it They have to offer it normally either not be able to offer either that should offer more or other support. On the other hand, they must continue to employ their staff or make them available to other organizations for persons with disabilities or other organizations recognized or licensed within the Welfare, Public Health and Family policy area. It is then also urgently necessary that the provisions guarantee for the preservation of the same resources as for the corona period is offered. The measures for persons with disabilities have the consequence that they cannot go to the facility in a number of cases, but permanently stay in the home situations or that or that they can no longer go home and have to stay permanently in the provision. It is urgent to provide clarity about the financial consequences of the changes in support as a result of COVID-19 and about the initiatives have been taken to meet the financial consequences of the measures within the framework of COVID-19.Motiveringdit Decree are based on the following motives: the measures taken in the COVID-19 Landconfan have an important impact on the regular operation and services of all actors in the sector of persons with a handicap and on the care and support that the people involved m can get etched handicap. This impact is expressed in various areas. Requirements imposed in the regulations cannot be met (in time). The support that is normally offered cannot be continued. Facilities cannot provide support or need to offer more or other support, which implies changes in the personnel deployment. Both people with disabilities facilities have extra and unforeseen costs. In order to limit the impact and to be able to offer both legally and finance the necessary guarantees, a number of temporary compensatory measures are taken. Initiative -Terit Decree is proposed by the Flemish Minister for Welfare, Public Health, Family and Poverty Raading, the Flemish Government Decree: Hoofpest 1. - General provisions article1. For the purposes of this Decree, it is understood to mean: 1 ° agency: the Flemish agency for persons with disabilities, established in the decree of 7 May 2004 establishing the internal self -employed agency with legal personality Flemish Agency for persons with disabilities; 2 ° Decree of December 15, 2000: Decree of the Flemish Government of 15 December 2000 establishing the conditions for the granting of a personal assistance budget to persons with disabilities; 3 ° Decree of 24 June 2016: Decree of the Flemish Government of 24 June 2016 on the spending of the budget for non-directly accessible care and support for adult persons with a handicap and on organizational costs for licensed care providers; 4 ° assistance organization: a social assistance organization as stated in Article 1, 2 °, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 11 December 2015 containing the Permit Conditions and the Subsidy Scheme of Assistance Organi to assist Ombudget holders in the context of personal financing; 5 ° budget holder of a PAB: a budget holder as stated in Article 1, 4 °of the decision of 15 December 2000; 6 ° budget holder of a personal budget: a budget holder as stated in Article 1, 6 ° of the Decree of 24 June 2016; 7 ° Cash Budget: a cash budget as stated in Article 1, 7 ° , of the decision of 24 June 2016; 8 ° individual service agreement: the individual service agreement, stated in Article 9 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 4 February 2011 on the General Terms and Conditions and Quality assurance of facilities for reception, treatment and guidance for persons with a disability; ° PAB: A PAB as stated in Article 1, 3 °, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of December 15, 2000; 10 ° period COVID-19: The period in which the Maat Regelendie were issued to combat COVID-19 are in force and are in force This was discussed on 14 March 2020; 11 ° Personal Budget: a budget for non -directly accessible care and support as mentioned in Chapter 5 of the Decree of 25 April 201 4 containing the personal financing for people with a disability and to reform the method of financing care and support front persons with a disability or the number of care -related resources stated in Articles 8 and 12 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 24 June 2016 containing The transition of persons with a disability who use a personal assistance budget or a personal budget or who are supported by a flexible supply center for adults or a home counseling service, to personal finance and containing the transition of the flexible supply centers for adults and the home counseling services, or a number of care, or a number points as stated in Article 11/1, § 1, first paragraph of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 20 April 2018 containing measures for the elaboration of the personal budgets made available in the context of the transition to personal financing, o f Article 2, first paragraph, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 29 March 2019 on the transition do the persons with disabilities who receive care and support abroad and to amend the decision of the Flemish Government of 24 June 2016 on the spending of the budget for non-right-wing care and support for adult persons with disabilities and about organizational costs for licensed care providers, with regard to the use of the budget abroad; 12 ° temporary personal-following budget emergency: a temporary personal-following emergency as a referred to in Article 28 of the decision of the Flemish Government of 27 November 2015 on the submissions on the handling of a budget for non -directly accessible care and support for adult persons with disabilities and about the provision of that budget; 13 ° licensed care provider: a provider of care and support that in accordance with H he decision of the Flemish government of 24 June 2016 on the licensing of providers of non-directly accessible care support for persons with disabilities, permit is permitted by the agency; 14 ° provisions: the provisions stated in Article 4, first paragraph, 1 ° up to and 4 °, of the decision of the Flemish Government of 4 February 2011 on the general terms and conditions of recognition and quality assurance of provisions for care, treatment and guidance of persons with disabilities; 15 ° Care inspection: care inspection of the welfare, public health and family, stated in article 3, § 2, third paragraph, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 31 March 2006 on the Department of Welfare, Public Health Family, regarding the entry into force of regulations to set up agencies in policy domain welfare, public health and family and concerning the change of regulations regarding to the policy domain. Chapter 2. - Budget guarantee for r facilities, organizations regarding leisure time social assistance organizations. 2. The agreements about providing support in the individual service agreements with facilities that applied on the day before the starting date of the COVID-19 period are not adjusted if the facilities during the COVID-19 period offer no support or offer other support if agreed has been agreed or offer support immediately other frequency than agreed, unless the change in support is the consequence of the use of a temporary personal budget emergency situation. The agreements in the agreements with a licensed care provider or a multifunctional center for minor persons with a disability Support as stated in Article 10, § 5Of the decision of 15 December2000, it will not be adjusted if the agreed support cannot be offered during the period-covid-19 or if more support must be offered during this period than agreed.art.3. For the purposes of this article, voucher is understood to mean: a voucher as stated in Article1, 10 °, of the decision of 24 June 2016.Ons if the personal budget is used by way of voucher or is used as a cash budget the agreements must be about The reimbursement of supported support included in the individual service agreement that is applicable on the day before the start of the COVID-19 period is also performed for that period even if the licensed care provider does not offer the agreed support during the period COVID-19 or as other support or Support with a different frequency is offered then agreed unless the change is the result of the use of a temporary personal -following budget emergency situation. In this case, the reimbursement agreements must be included in the amended individual service agreement. If the personal budget is used as A cash budget and the change The support is not the result of the use of a temporary personal -following budget emergency situatics. The licensed care provider draw up an invoice based on the support that applies in accordance with the individual service agreement that applied on the day before the start date of the COVID period -19, would have to be offered during the period COVID-19. The budget holder of a PAB conducts dosage agreements on the reimbursement of support offered, included in the agreements stated in Article2, second paragraph, also from as the licensed care provider or the multifunctional center For minors the period COVID-19 has not offered support or has offered more support Danis agreed.art. 4. The provisions can claim a financial compensation for the loss of reimbursements for housing costs as a result of the fact that they are not allowed to charge housing costs in accordance with Article 14, second paragraph, in the period COVID-19 if the person with disabilities are not in the provision Stays. The Flemish minister competent for assistance to persons with a limitation determination the conditions and modalities of this financial compensation.art. 5. If the personal budget or part of it is used as a voucher as stated in Article 1, 10 °, of the decision of 24 June 2016, when the person with disabilities are death during the period COVID-19, there will be deviation from Article 25, fifth paragraph, of the aforementioned decision, by operation of law, assumed that the agreement that had been entered into with the licensed care provider in the context of the voucher spending has ended two months after the day of the death of the person with a disability. As the day where the agreement in accordance with the first Member by law ends within the period COVID-19 is assuming that the agreement ends on the day after the end date of the period-covid-19.art. 6. For the purposes of Article 6, last paragraph, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 22 February 2013 on directly accessible assistance for persons with disabilities, the number of staff points for which the provision is recognized is proportional to the year 2020 taking into account the Duration of the period COVID-19. The condition stated in Article6, last paragraph, of the aforementioned Decree that a maximum of twenty staff points may be less performed for the year 2020.Art. 7. For the purposes of Article 13, second paragraph, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 30 September 2011 on the recognition and subsidization of Degelor Support Plan and a mentor organization for the preliminary process of persons with disabilities. The number of counseling for which the service is recognized, proportionally reduced taking into account the duration of period COVID-19.The condition stated in Article 13, second paragraph, of the same decision that a maximum of twenty staff point mininder may be performed for the year 2020.Art. 8. For the application of Article10, § 1, fifth paragraphof the Decree of the Flemish Government of 19 July 2007 establishing the provisions and conditions of recognition and subsidization of organizations regarding leisure care for persons with a disability for the year 2020, the number of performance that is proven proportionally -reduced takes into account the duration of the COVID period -19.Art. 9. For the application of Article 19 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 24 November 2017 on the recognition and subsidization of facilities that offer support to persons with disabilities in prison, and units for internees, the units for internees during the Period COVID-19 A occupancy rate of 100 % have.art. 10. A social assistance organization receives a subsidies the amount that the agency has paid to budget holders of a personal budget or from a PAB for the costs arising from agreements on high -threshold individual assistance as referred to in Article 7, 2 °, g, of the Decree of 24 June 2016 with that social assistance organization or for deck costs of high-threshold individual assistance stated in Article 10, § 1, first paragraph, of the decision of December 15, 2000, which was offered by that social assistance organization, for the period COVID-19, is lower than the amount that The agency for those costs for the comparable period in the year2019 has repaid. The amount of the subsidy of the first paragraph is equal to the variety between the amount paid in 2019 and the year 2020 with regard to the period COVID-19EN The comparable period in 2020. The subsidies will be granted with due observance of the 2012/11/EU Decree of the Commission of 20 December 201 1 on the application of Article 106, second member of the Treaty on the Function of the European Union on state aid in the form of compensation for the public service, provided to the provisions of the management of services of generally interested companies.art. 11. The provisions, the organizations on leisure care and debt organizations must continue to pay their staff members during the COVID-19 period or make their staff members available to an organization or service that is recognized or licensed by a government service of the Welfare Policy Domain, Public Health and Family. As an inspection inspection that does not meet the obligation stated in the first paragraph, the agency and part of the subsidies to which the provisions under the regulations that apply to them or on the basis of the deployment of personal budgets can claim the period Covid-19, not paying out. The Flemish minister competent for assistance to persons with a disability establishes demodalities for the deduction of the subsidies. He hereby takes into account the period of the obligation stated, stated in the first paragraph, and the size of the group of staff members for whom the obligation in the first paragraph is not met. Chapter 3. - Financial guarantees for people with disabilities. 12. If on the date of the start of the period COVID-19, use was made of the possibility provided for in Article 12 of the Flemish Government Decree of 22 February 2013 on directly accessible assistance for people with a handicap to combine the personal budget with a stay , whether or not in combination with day care, the person concerned with a disability, in deviation from Article 12, fourth and fifth paragraph, can continue to use the stated decisionWhether or not in combination with daycare up to the COVID-19 period has ended. The Service Directly accessible assistance may not request a reimbursement from person with a handicap to offer this support except for a financial contribution as stated in Article 15 of the aforementioned Decree.art. 13. If of the COVID-19 period, they are not allowed to do additional reimbursement questions for the support offered in addition to the compensation that is to provide support in that individual service agreement that applied to the day before the start of the period COVID-19 except if the change in the Support is the result of the use of a temporary -following budget emergency situations The providers of care and support that are recognized by the agency or subsidized by the Agency offer more support or other support bikes than is about A pass in the individual service agreement that applied to the day before the start of the COVID-19 period, they may not request additional compensation in addition to desubs to which they can claim in accordance with the regulations that apply to them.art.14. During the COVID-19 period, Articles 25 to Article 31 of the Decree of the Flemish Seal of 26 February 2016 will be recognized and subsidized by multifunctional centers for minors with a disability with support by a multifunctional center for minor persons with a handicap and Article 9 , § 2/1 and § 2/2 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 4 February 2011 on the general terms and conditions of recognition and quality assurance of provisions for the forefront, treatment and guidance of persons with disabilities for adult persons with a personal budget, during the period COVID-19 applied on the basis of the support that in period COVID-19 is actually offered. In the period COVID-19, the provision of facilities as stated in Article 9, § 3, fourth paragraph of the aforementioned decision of 4 February2011 count on in function of the support that is actually offered. Only housing costs, stated in Article 9, § 3, first paragraph, of the aforementioned Decree may be charged as the person with a disability actually stay in the provision. 15. § 1. Persons with a handicap that has a personal budget or a PAB can claim their budget exceeding the year 2020 by 8.5% if all the following conditions are full: 1 ° they reside during the period COVID-19 Not full-time in a provision; 2 ° The budget holders of a personal budget conclude agreements as stated in Article 7, 2 ° of the Decree of 24 June 2016, on support in the home situation during the COVID-19 period with the exception of an agreement As stated in Article 7, 2 °, h) with a licensed care provider with which an individual service agreement was already ongoing for the period COVID-19, or passing agreements as stated in Article 7.2 °, in this context. If an agreement as stated in Article 7, 3 °, of the aforementioned decision, this agreement can be adjusted for the duration of the COVID-19 period. The budget holders of a PAB concluding agreements as stated in Article 12, first paragraph of the Decree of 15 December 2000, on support in the home situation during the period COVID-19 or adjust current agreements in this context; 3 ° the personal budget or the PAB for The year 2020 is not sufficient to pay the costs arising from the agreements or adjustments of the agreements stated in point 2 °. , taking into account the duration of the period of COVID-19.§ 2. In deviation from Article 3, § 2, of the decision of 24 June 2016, the budget holder of a personal budget does not receive a reimbursement of management costs for the amount with which the annual budget , in accordance with the first paragraph, it can be exceeded. As the budget holder of a personal budget, the budget in the context of exceeding the annual budget, Vermel d in Pararaaf 1, Primary member, for the first time as a cash budget, in deviation from Article 16, third paragraphNo recoverable advance of the aforementioned decision.§ 3. If the agency or care has wrongly repaid, reclaim back. 16. Contrary to Article 2 and Article 4, § 1 and 2, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 29 March 2019 on the transition of persons with disabilities who are supported abroad and to amend the decision of the Flemish government of24 June 2016 on the use of the budget for non-directly accessible care and support for adult persons with disabilities and on organizational costs for licensed care providers, with regard to the use of the budget abroad, a budget holder can be in the COVID period -19 an appeal to another care and support provider or the agreement stated in Article3, third paragraph, of the aforementioned Decree changes without a revision of the number of care -related points stated in the decision stated in Article 3, first paragraph, The same decision must ask.art.17. The Flemish minister, competent for assistance to persons with a disability, is responsible for the implementation of this decision. The Flemish minister, competent for assistance to persons with a disability, determines the end date of the COVID-19 period. He can determine a different end date for the different measures stated in this decision. 18. This Decree has elaborated with effect from 14maart 2020.brussel, 30 April 2020. The Prime Minister of the Flemish Government, J.Jambonde Flemish Minister for Welfare, Public Health, Family and Poverty Reduction, W.BekePublication: 2020-05-08Numac: 2020041223 Flemish government 30 April 2020.-Decision of the Flemish Government on the financial consequences of the measures to combat COVID-19 for facilities for persons with disabilities and for people with disabilities who have support from the Flemish Agency for Persons with Disability Rights End Decree is based on:- The Decree of 7 May 2004 establishing the internal independence with legal personality Flemish Agency for persons with disabilities Article 8, 2 ° and 3 °, 7 °, 11 ° and 12 ° inserted by decree of 25 April 2014 and Article 19 inserted by the Decree of 25 April 2014;-the Decree of 25 April 2014 containing the personal financing for persons with disabilities and to reform the method of financing care and the support for persons with a Handicap, Article 10 First paragraph. Formweree following formal requirements are fulfilled:- The Flemish Minister, competent For the budget, his agreement has given on29 April 2020.- No advice was requested from the Council of State, with application of Article3, § 1, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973. It is urgently necessary that clarity is offered for facilities and people with disabilities the initiatives have taken the initiatives to meet the financial consequences of the Maat-regulatoryie the government has taken to combat COVID-19. The measures for the provisions of the provisions are the support that they support it They have to offer it normally either not be able to offer either that should offer more or other support. On the other hand, they must continue to employ their staff or make them available to other organizations for persons with disabilities or other organizations recognized or licensed within the Welfare, Public Health and Family policy area. It is then also urgently necessary that the provisions guarantee for the preservation of the same resources as for the corona period is offered. The measures for persons with disabilities have the consequence that they cannot go to the facility in a number of cases, but permanently stay in the home situations or that or that they can no longer go home and have to stay permanently in the provision. It is urgent to provide clarity about the financial consequences of the changes in support as a result of COVID-19 and about the initiatives have been taken to meet the financial consequences of the measures within the framework of COVID-19.Motiveringdit Decree are based on the following motives: the measures taken in the COVID-19 Landconfan have an important impact on the regular operation and services of all actors in the sector of persons with a handicap and on the care and support that the people involved m can get etched handicap. This impact is expressed in various areas. Requirements imposed in the regulations cannot be met (in time). The support that is normally offered cannot be continued. Facilities cannot provide support or need to offer more or other support, which implies changes in the personnel deployment. Both people with disabilities facilities have extra and unforeseen costs. In order to limit the impact and to be able to offer both legally and finance the necessary guarantees, a number of temporary compensatory measures are taken. Initiative -Terit Decree is proposed by the Flemish Minister for Welfare, Public Health, Family and Poverty Raading, the Flemish Government Decree: Hoofpest 1. - General provisions article1. For the purposes of this Decree, it is understood to mean: 1 ° agency: the Flemish agency for persons with disabilities, established in the decree of 7 May 2004 establishing the internal self -employed agency with legal personality Flemish Agency for persons with disabilities; 2 ° Decree of December 15, 2000: Decree of the Flemish Government of 15 December 2000 establishing the conditions for the granting of a personal assistance budget to persons with disabilities; 3 ° Decree of 24 June 2016: Decree of the Flemish Government of 24 June 2016 on the spending of the budget for non-directly accessible care and support for adult persons with a handicap and on organizational costs for licensed care providers; 4 ° assistance organization: a social assistance organization as stated in Article 1, 2 °, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 11 December 2015 containing the Permit Conditions and the Subsidy Scheme of Assistance Organi to assist Ombudget holders in the context of personal financing; 5 ° budget holder of a PAB: a budget holder as stated in Article 1, 4 °of the decision of 15 December 2000; 6 ° budget holder of a personal budget: a budget holder as stated in Article 1, 6 ° of the Decree of 24 June 2016; 7 ° Cash Budget: a cash budget as stated in Article 1, 7 ° , of the decision of 24 June 2016; 8 ° individual service agreement: the individual service agreement, stated in Article 9 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 4 February 2011 on the General Terms and Conditions and Quality assurance of facilities for reception, treatment and guidance for persons with a disability; ° PAB: A PAB as stated in Article 1, 3 °, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of December 15, 2000; 10 ° period COVID-19: The period in which the Maat Regelendie were issued to combat COVID-19 are in force and are in force This was discussed on 14 March 2020; 11 ° Personal Budget: a budget for non -directly accessible care and support as mentioned in Chapter 5 of the Decree of 25 April 201 4 containing the personal financing for people with a disability and to reform the method of financing care and support front persons with a disability or the number of care -related resources stated in Articles 8 and 12 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 24 June 2016 containing The transition of persons with a disability who use a personal assistance budget or a personal budget or who are supported by a flexible supply center for adults or a home counseling service, to personal finance and containing the transition of the flexible supply centers for adults and the home counseling services, or a number of care, or a number points as stated in Article 11/1, § 1, first paragraph of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 20 April 2018 containing measures for the elaboration of the personal budgets made available in the context of the transition to personal financing, o f Article 2, first paragraph, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 29 March 2019 on the transition do the persons with disabilities who receive care and support abroad and to amend the decision of the Flemish Government of 24 June 2016 on the spending of the budget for non-right-wing care and support for adult persons with disabilities and about organizational costs for licensed care providers, with regard to the use of the budget abroad; 12 ° temporary personal-following budget emergency: a temporary personal-following emergency as a referred to in Article 28 of the decision of the Flemish Government of 27 November 2015 on the submissions on the handling of a budget for non -directly accessible care and support for adult persons with disabilities and about the provision of that budget; 13 ° licensed care provider: a provider of care and support that in accordance with H he decision of the Flemish government of 24 June 2016 on the licensing of providers of non-directly accessible care support for persons with disabilities, permit is permitted by the agency; 14 ° provisions: the provisions stated in Article 4, first paragraph, 1 ° up to and 4 °, of the decision of the Flemish Government of 4 February 2011 on the general terms and conditions of recognition and quality assurance of provisions for care, treatment and guidance of persons with disabilities; 15 ° Care inspection: care inspection of the welfare, public health and family, stated in article 3, § 2, third paragraph, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 31 March 2006 on the Department of Welfare, Public Health Family, regarding the entry into force of regulations to set up agencies in policy domain welfare, public health and family and concerning the change of regulations regarding to the policy domain. Chapter 2. - Budget guarantee for r facilities, organizations regarding leisure time social assistance organizations. 2. The agreements about providing support in the individual service agreements with facilities that applied on the day before the starting date of the COVID-19 period are not adjusted if the facilities during the COVID-19 period offer no support or offer other support if agreed has been agreed or offer support immediately other frequency than agreed, unless the change in support is the consequence of the use of a temporary personal budget emergency situation. The agreements in the agreements with a licensed care provider or a multifunctional center for minor persons with a disability Support as stated in Article 10, § 5Of the decision of 15 December2000, it will not be adjusted if the agreed support cannot be offered during the period-covid-19 or if more support must be offered during this period than agreed.art.3. For the purposes of this article, voucher is understood to mean: a voucher as stated in Article1, 10 °, of the decision of 24 June 2016.Ons if the personal budget is used by way of voucher or is used as a cash budget the agreements must be about The reimbursement of supported support included in the individual service agreement that is applicable on the day before the start of the COVID-19 period is also performed for that period even if the licensed care provider does not offer the agreed support during the period COVID-19 or as other support or Support with a different frequency is offered then agreed unless the change is the result of the use of a temporary personal -following budget emergency situation. In this case, the reimbursement agreements must be included in the amended individual service agreement. If the personal budget is used as A cash budget and the change The support is not the result of the use of a temporary personal -following budget emergency situatics. The licensed care provider draw up an invoice based on the support that applies in accordance with the individual service agreement that applied on the day before the start date of the COVID period -19, would have to be offered during the period COVID-19. The budget holder of a PAB conducts dosage agreements on the reimbursement of support offered, included in the agreements stated in Article2, second paragraph, also from as the licensed care provider or the multifunctional center For minors the period COVID-19 has not offered support or has offered more support Danis agreed.art. 4. The provisions can claim a financial compensation for the loss of reimbursements for housing costs as a result of the fact that they are not allowed to charge housing costs in accordance with Article 14, second paragraph, in the period COVID-19 if the person with disabilities are not in the provision Stays. The Flemish minister competent for assistance to persons with a limitation determination the conditions and modalities of this financial compensation.art. 5. If the personal budget or part of it is used as a voucher as stated in Article 1, 10 °, of the decision of 24 June 2016, when the person with disabilities are death during the period COVID-19, there will be deviation from Article 25, fifth paragraph, of the aforementioned decision, by operation of law, assumed that the agreement that had been entered into with the licensed care provider in the context of the voucher spending has ended two months after the day of the death of the person with a disability. As the day where the agreement in accordance with the first Member by law ends within the period COVID-19 is assuming that the agreement ends on the day after the end date of the period-covid-19.art. 6. For the purposes of Article 6, last paragraph, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 22 February 2013 on directly accessible assistance for persons with disabilities, the number of staff points for which the provision is recognized is proportional to the year 2020 taking into account the Duration of the period COVID-19. The condition stated in Article6, last paragraph, of the aforementioned Decree that a maximum of twenty staff points may be less performed for the year 2020.Art. 7. For the purposes of Article 13, second paragraph, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 30 September 2011 on the recognition and subsidization of Degelor Support Plan and a mentor organization for the preliminary process of persons with disabilities. The number of counseling for which the service is recognized, proportionally reduced taking into account the duration of period COVID-19.The condition stated in Article 13, second paragraph, of the same decision that a maximum of twenty staff point mininder may be performed for the year 2020.Art. 8. For the application of Article10, § 1, fifth paragraphof the Decree of the Flemish Government of 19 July 2007 establishing the provisions and conditions of recognition and subsidization of organizations regarding leisure care for persons with a disability for the year 2020, the number of performance that is proven proportionally -reduced takes into account the duration of the COVID period -19.Art. 9. For the application of Article 19 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 24 November 2017 on the recognition and subsidization of facilities that offer support to persons with disabilities in prison, and units for internees, the units for internees during the Period COVID-19 A occupancy rate of 100 % have.art. 10. A social assistance organization receives a subsidies the amount that the agency has paid to budget holders of a personal budget or from a PAB for the costs arising from agreements on high -threshold individual assistance as referred to in Article 7, 2 °, g, of the Decree of 24 June 2016 with that social assistance organization or for deck costs of high-threshold individual assistance stated in Article 10, § 1, first paragraph, of the decision of December 15, 2000, which was offered by that social assistance organization, for the period COVID-19, is lower than the amount that The agency for those costs for the comparable period in the year2019 has repaid. The amount of the subsidy of the first paragraph is equal to the variety between the amount paid in 2019 and the year 2020 with regard to the period COVID-19EN The comparable period in 2020. The subsidies will be granted with due observance of the 2012/11/EU Decree of the Commission of 20 December 201 1 on the application of Article 106, second member of the Treaty on the Function of the European Union on state aid in the form of compensation for the public service, provided to the provisions of the management of services of generally interested companies.art. 11. The provisions, the organizations on leisure care and debt organizations must continue to pay their staff members during the COVID-19 period or make their staff members available to an organization or service that is recognized or licensed by a government service of the Welfare Policy Domain, Public Health and Family. As an inspection inspection that does not meet the obligation stated in the first paragraph, the agency and part of the subsidies to which the provisions under the regulations that apply to them or on the basis of the deployment of personal budgets can claim the period Covid-19, not paying out. The Flemish minister competent for assistance to persons with a disability establishes demodalities for the deduction of the subsidies. He hereby takes into account the period of the obligation stated, stated in the first paragraph, and the size of the group of staff members for whom the obligation in the first paragraph is not met. Chapter 3. - Financial guarantees for people with disabilities. 12. If on the date of the start of the period COVID-19, use was made of the possibility provided for in Article 12 of the Flemish Government Decree of 22 February 2013 on directly accessible assistance for people with a handicap to combine the personal budget with a stay , whether or not in combination with day care, the person concerned with a disability, in deviation from Article 12, fourth and fifth paragraph, can continue to use the stated decisionWhether or not in combination with daycare up to the COVID-19 period has ended. The Service Directly accessible assistance may not request a reimbursement from person with a handicap to offer this support except for a financial contribution as stated in Article 15 of the aforementioned Decree.art. 13. If of the COVID-19 period, they are not allowed to do additional reimbursement questions for the support offered in addition to the compensation that is to provide support in that individual service agreement that applied to the day before the start of the period COVID-19 except if the change in the Support is the result of the use of a temporary -following budget emergency situations The providers of care and support that are recognized by the agency or subsidized by the Agency offer more support or other support bikes than is about A pass in the individual service agreement that applied to the day before the start of the COVID-19 period, they may not request additional compensation in addition to desubs to which they can claim in accordance with the regulations that apply to them.art.14. During the COVID-19 period, Articles 25 to Article 31 of the Decree of the Flemish Seal of 26 February 2016 will be recognized and subsidized by multifunctional centers for minors with a disability with support by a multifunctional center for minor persons with a handicap and Article 9 , § 2/1 and § 2/2 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 4 February 2011 on the general terms and conditions of recognition and quality assurance of provisions for the forefront, treatment and guidance of persons with disabilities for adult persons with a personal budget, during the period COVID-19 applied on the basis of the support that in period COVID-19 is actually offered. In the period COVID-19, the provision of facilities as stated in Article 9, § 3, fourth paragraph of the aforementioned decision of 4 February2011 count on in function of the support that is actually offered. Only housing costs, stated in Article 9, § 3, first paragraph, of the aforementioned Decree may be charged as the person with a disability actually stay in the provision. 15. § 1. Persons with a handicap that has a personal budget or a PAB can claim their budget exceeding the year 2020 by 8.5% if all the following conditions are full: 1 ° they reside during the period COVID-19 Not full-time in a provision; 2 ° The budget holders of a personal budget conclude agreements as stated in Article 7, 2 ° of the Decree of 24 June 2016, on support in the home situation during the COVID-19 period with the exception of an agreement As stated in Article 7, 2 °, h) with a licensed care provider with which an individual service agreement was already ongoing for the period COVID-19, or passing agreements as stated in Article 7.2 °, in this context. If an agreement as stated in Article 7, 3 °, of the aforementioned decision, this agreement can be adjusted for the duration of the COVID-19 period. The budget holders of a PAB concluding agreements as stated in Article 12, first paragraph of the Decree of 15 December 2000, on support in the home situation during the period COVID-19 or adjust current agreements in this context; 3 ° the personal budget or the PAB for The year 2020 is not sufficient to pay the costs arising from the agreements or adjustments of the agreements stated in point 2 °. , taking into account the duration of the period of COVID-19.§ 2. In deviation from Article 3, § 2, of the decision of 24 June 2016, the budget holder of a personal budget does not receive a reimbursement of management costs for the amount with which the annual budget , in accordance with the first paragraph, it can be exceeded. As the budget holder of a personal budget, the budget in the context of exceeding the annual budget, Vermel d in Pararaaf 1, Primary member, for the first time as a cash budget, in deviation from Article 16, third paragraphNo recoverable advance of the aforementioned decision.§ 3. If the agency or care has wrongly repaid, reclaim back. 16. Contrary to Article 2 and Article 4, § 1 and 2, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 29 March 2019 on the transition of persons with disabilities who are supported abroad and to amend the decision of the Flemish government of24 June 2016 on the use of the budget for non-directly accessible care and support for adult persons with disabilities and on organizational costs for licensed care providers, with regard to the use of the budget abroad, a budget holder can be in the COVID period -19 an appeal to another care and support provider or the agreement stated in Article3, third paragraph, of the aforementioned Decree changes without a revision of the number of care -related points stated in the decision stated in Article 3, first paragraph, The same decision must ask.art.17. The Flemish minister, competent for assistance to persons with a disability, is responsible for the implementation of this decision. The Flemish minister, competent for assistance to persons with a disability, determines the end date of the COVID-19 period. He can determine a different end date for the different measures stated in this decision. 18. This Decree has elaborated with effect from 14maart 2020.brussel, 30 April 2020. The Prime Minister of the Flemish Government, J.Jambonde Flemish Minister for Welfare, Public Health, Family and Poverty Reduction, W.BekePublication: 2020-05-08Numac: 2020041223 Flemish government 30 April 2020.-Decision of the Flemish Government on the financial consequences of the measures to combat COVID-19 for facilities for persons with disabilities and for people with disabilities who have support from the Flemish Agency for Persons with Disability Rights End Decree is based on:- The Decree of 7 May 2004 establishing the internal independence with legal personality Flemish Agency for persons with disabilities Article 8, 2 ° and 3 °, 7 °, 11 ° and 12 ° inserted by decree of 25 April 2014 and Article 19 inserted by the Decree of 25 April 2014;-the Decree of 25 April 2014 containing the personal financing for persons with disabilities and to reform the method of financing care and the support for persons with a Handicap, Article 10 First paragraph. Formweree following formal requirements are fulfilled:- The Flemish Minister, competent For the budget, his agreement has given on29 April 2020.- No advice was requested from the Council of State, with application of Article3, § 1, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973. It is urgently necessary that clarity is offered for facilities and people with disabilities the initiatives have taken the initiatives to meet the financial consequences of the Maat-regulatoryie the government has taken to combat COVID-19. The measures for the provisions of the provisions are the support that they support it They have to offer it normally either not be able to offer either that should offer more or other support. On the other hand, they must continue to employ their staff or make them available to other organizations for persons with disabilities or other organizations recognized or licensed within the Welfare, Public Health and Family policy area. It is then also urgently necessary that the provisions guarantee for the preservation of the same resources as for the corona period is offered. The measures for persons with disabilities have the consequence that they cannot go to the facility in a number of cases, but permanently stay in the home situations or that or that they can no longer go home and have to stay permanently in the provision. It is urgent to provide clarity about the financial consequences of the changes in support as a result of COVID-19 and about the initiatives have been taken to meet the financial consequences of the measures within the framework of COVID-19.Motiveringdit Decree are based on the following motives: the measures taken in the COVID-19 Landconfan have an important impact on the regular operation and services of all actors in the sector of persons with a handicap and on the care and support that the people involved m can get etched handicap. This impact is expressed in various areas. Requirements imposed in the regulations cannot be met (in time). The support that is normally offered cannot be continued. Facilities cannot provide support or need to offer more or other support, which implies changes in the personnel deployment. Both people with disabilities facilities have extra and unforeseen costs. In order to limit the impact and to be able to offer both legally and finance the necessary guarantees, a number of temporary compensatory measures are taken. Initiative -Terit Decree is proposed by the Flemish Minister for Welfare, Public Health, Family and Poverty Raading, the Flemish Government Decree: Hoofpest 1. - General provisions article1. For the purposes of this Decree, it is understood to mean: 1 ° agency: the Flemish agency for persons with disabilities, established in the decree of 7 May 2004 establishing the internal self -employed agency with legal personality Flemish Agency for persons with disabilities; 2 ° Decree of December 15, 2000: Decree of the Flemish Government of 15 December 2000 establishing the conditions for the granting of a personal assistance budget to persons with disabilities; 3 ° Decree of 24 June 2016: Decree of the Flemish Government of 24 June 2016 on the spending of the budget for non-directly accessible care and support for adult persons with a handicap and on organizational costs for licensed care providers; 4 ° assistance organization: a social assistance organization as stated in Article 1, 2 °, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 11 December 2015 containing the Permit Conditions and the Subsidy Scheme of Assistance Organi to assist Ombudget holders in the context of personal financing; 5 ° budget holder of a PAB: a budget holder as stated in Article 1, 4 °, of the Decree of 15 December 20006 ° budget holder of a personal budget: a budget holder as stated in Article 1, 6 ° of the Decree of 24 June 2016; 7 ° Cash Budget: a cash budget as stated in Article 1, 7 °, of the decision of 24 June 2016; 8 ° Individual service agreement: the individual service agreement stated in Article 9 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 4 February 2011 on the general terms and conditions and quality assurance of provisions for reception, treatment and guidance of people with disabilities; 9 ° PAB: a PAB as stated in Article 1, 3 °, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 15 December 2000; 10 ° period COVID-19: The period in which the Maat-Regelendie were issued to combat COVID-19 are in force and that took effect on March 14, 2020; 11 ° Personal Budget: A budget for non -directly accessible care and support as mentioned in Chapter 5 of the Decree of 25 April 2014 containing the Personal Finance for Persons with a handicap and to reform the method of financing care and support front persons with a disability or the number of care -related resources stated in Articles 8 and 12 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 24 June 2016 containing the transition of persons With a handicap that uses a personal assistance budget or a personal budget or that are supported by a flexible supply center for adult or a home counseling service, to personal-following financing and containing the transition of the flexible supply centers for multi-year-olds and the home counseling services, or a number of care-related points in the care-related points Article 11/1, § 1, first paragraph of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 20 April 2018 containing measures for the elaboration of the personal budgets made available in the context of the transition to personal financing, or Article 2, first paragraph, of the decision from the Flemish Government of 29 March 2019 on the transition do the persons with disabilities who receive care and support abroad and to amend the decision of the Flemish Government of 24 June 2016 on the use of the budget for non-right-wing care and support for adult persons with disabilities and about organizational costs for licensed care providers, with regard to the use of the budget abroad; 12 ° temporary personal budget emergency: a temporary personal budget emergency as a referred to in Article 28 of the Flemish Government Decree of 27 November 2015 on the submissions the handling of the application for a budget for non -directly accessible care and support for adult persons with disabilities and about the provision of that budget; 13 ° licensed care provider: a provider of care and support that in accordance with the decision of the Flemish government of 24 June 2016 containing the licensing of providers of non-right-wing care support for persons with disabilities, permit is permitted by the agency; 14 ° provisions: the facilities stated in Article 4, first paragraph, 1 ° to 4 °, of, of, of The decision of the Flemish Direction of 4 February 2011 on the general terms and conditions of recognition and quality assurance of provisions for care, treatment and guidance of persons with disabilitiesPublication: 2020-05-08Numac: 2020041223 Flemish government 30 April 2020.-Decision of the Flemish Government on the financial consequences of the measures to combat COVID-19 for facilities for persons with disabilities and for people with disabilities who have support from the Flemish Agency for Persons with Disability Rights End Decree is based on:- The Decree of 7 May 2004 establishing the internal independence with legal personality Flemish Agency for persons with disabilities Article 8, 2 ° and 3 °, 7 °, 11 ° and 12 ° inserted by decree of 25 April 2014 and Article 19 inserted by the Decree of 25 April 2014;-the Decree of 25 April 2014 containing the personal financing for persons with disabilities and to reform the method of financing care and the support for persons with a Handicap, Article 10 First paragraph. Formweree following formal requirements are fulfilled:- The Flemish Minister, competent For the budget, his agreement has given on29 April 2020.- No advice was requested from the Council of State, with application of Article3, § 1, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973. It is urgently necessary that clarity is offered for facilities and people with disabilities the initiatives have taken the initiatives to meet the financial consequences of the Maat-regulatoryie the government has taken to combat COVID-19. The measures for the provisions of the provisions are the support that they support it They have to offer it normally either not be able to offer either that should offer more or other support. On the other hand, they must continue to employ their staff or make them available to other organizations for persons with disabilities or other organizations recognized or licensed within the Welfare, Public Health and Family policy area. It is then also urgently necessary that the provisions guarantee for the preservation of the same resources as for the corona period is offered. The measures for persons with disabilities have the consequence that they cannot go to the facility in a number of cases, but permanently stay in the home situations or that or that they can no longer go home and have to stay permanently in the provision. It is urgent to provide clarity about the financial consequences of the changes in support as a result of COVID-19 and about the initiatives have been taken to meet the financial consequences of the measures within the framework of COVID-19.Motiveringdit Decree are based on the following motives: the measures taken in the COVID-19 Landconfan have an important impact on the regular operation and services of all actors in the sector of persons with a handicap and on the care and support that the people involved m can get etched handicap. This impact is expressed in various areas. Requirements imposed in the regulations cannot be met (in time). The support that is normally offered cannot be continued. Facilities cannot provide support or need to offer more or other support, which implies changes in the personnel deployment. Both people with disabilities facilities have extra and unforeseen costs. In order to limit the impact and to be able to offer both legally and finance the necessary guarantees, a number of temporary compensatory measures are taken. Initiative -Terit Decree is proposed by the Flemish Minister for Welfare, Public Health, Family and Poverty Raading, the Flemish Government Decree: Hoofpest 1. - General provisions article1. For the purposes of this Decree, it is understood to mean: 1 ° agency: the Flemish agency for persons with disabilities, established in the decree of 7 May 2004 establishing the internal self -employed agency with legal personality Flemish Agency for persons with disabilities; 2 ° Decree of December 15, 2000: Decree of the Flemish Government of 15 December 2000 establishing the conditions for the granting of a personal assistance budget to persons with disabilities; 3 ° Decree of 24 June 2016: Decree of the Flemish Government of 24 June 2016 on the spending of the budget for non-directly accessible care and support for adult persons with a handicap and on organizational costs for licensed care providers; 4 ° assistance organization: a social assistance organization as stated in Article 1, 2 °, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 11 December 2015 containing the Permit Conditions and the Subsidy Scheme of Assistance Organi to assist Ombudget holders in the context of personal financing; 5 ° budget holder of a PAB: a budget holder as stated in Article 1, 4 °of the decision of 15 December 2000; 6 ° budget holder of a personal budget: a budget holder as stated in Article 1, 6 ° of the Decree of 24 June 2016; 7 ° Cash Budget: a cash budget as stated in Article 1, 7 ° , of the decision of 24 June 2016; 8 ° individual service agreement: the individual service agreement, stated in Article 9 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 4 February 2011 on the General Terms and Conditions and Quality assurance of facilities for reception, treatment and guidance for persons with a disability; ° PAB: A PAB as stated in Article 1, 3 °, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of December 15, 2000; 10 ° period COVID-19: The period in which the Maat Regelendie were issued to combat COVID-19 are in force and are in force This was discussed on 14 March 2020; 11 ° Personal Budget: a budget for non -directly accessible care and support as mentioned in Chapter 5 of the Decree of 25 April 201 4 containing the personal financing for people with a disability and to reform the method of financing care and support front persons with a disability or the number of care -related resources stated in Articles 8 and 12 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 24 June 2016 containing The transition of persons with a disability who use a personal assistance budget or a personal budget or who are supported by a flexible supply center for adults or a home counseling service, to personal finance and containing the transition of the flexible supply centers for adults and the home counseling services, or a number of care, or a number points as stated in Article 11/1, § 1, first paragraph of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 20 April 2018 containing measures for the elaboration of the personal budgets made available in the context of the transition to personal financing, o f Article 2, first paragraph, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 29 March 2019 on the transition do the persons with disabilities who receive care and support abroad and to amend the decision of the Flemish Government of 24 June 2016 on the spending of the budget for non-right-wing care and support for adult persons with disabilities and about organizational costs for licensed care providers, with regard to the use of the budget abroad; 12 ° temporary personal-following budget emergency: a temporary personal-following emergency as a referred to in Article 28 of the decision of the Flemish Government of 27 November 2015 on the submissions on the handling of a budget for non -directly accessible care and support for adult persons with disabilities and about the provision of that budget; 13 ° licensed care provider: a provider of care and support that in accordance with H he decision of the Flemish government of 24 June 2016 on the licensing of providers of non-directly accessible care support for persons with disabilities, permit is permitted by the agency; 14 ° provisions: the provisions stated in Article 4, first paragraph, 1 ° up to and 4 °, of the decision of the Flemish Government of 4 February 2011 on the general terms and conditions of recognition and quality assurance of provisions for care, treatment and guidance of persons with disabilities; 15 ° Care inspection: care inspection of the welfare, public health and family, stated in article 3, § 2, third paragraph, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 31 March 2006 on the Department of Welfare, Public Health Family, regarding the entry into force of regulations to set up agencies in policy domain welfare, public health and family and concerning the change of regulations regarding to the policy domain. Chapter 2. - Budget guarantee for r facilities, organizations regarding leisure time social assistance organizations. 2. The agreements about providing support in the individual service agreements with facilities that applied on the day before the starting date of the COVID-19 period are not adjusted if the facilities during the COVID-19 period offer no support or offer other support if agreed has been agreed or offer support immediately other frequency than agreed, unless the change in support is the consequence of the use of a temporary personal budget emergency situation. The agreements in the agreements with a licensed care provider or a multifunctional center for minor persons with a disability Support as stated in Article 10, § 5Of the decision of 15 December2000, it will not be adjusted if the agreed support cannot be offered during the period-covid-19 or if more support must be offered during this period than agreed.art.3. For the purposes of this article, voucher is understood to mean: a voucher as stated in Article1, 10 °, of the decision of 24 June 2016.Ons if the personal budget is used by way of voucher or is used as a cash budget the agreements must be about The reimbursement of supported support included in the individual service agreement that is applicable on the day before the start of the COVID-19 period is also performed for that period even if the licensed care provider does not offer the agreed support during the period COVID-19 or as other support or Support with a different frequency is offered then agreed unless the change is the result of the use of a temporary personal -following budget emergency situation. In this case, the reimbursement agreements must be included in the amended individual service agreement. If the personal budget is used as A cash budget and the change The support is not the result of the use of a temporary personal -following budget emergency situatics. The licensed care provider draw up an invoice based on the support that applies in accordance with the individual service agreement that applied on the day before the start date of the COVID period -19, would have to be offered during the period COVID-19. The budget holder of a PAB conducts dosage agreements on the reimbursement of support offered, included in the agreements stated in Article2, second paragraph, also from as the licensed care provider or the multifunctional center For minors the period COVID-19 has not offered support or has offered more support Danis agreed.art. 4. The provisions can claim a financial compensation for the loss of reimbursements for housing costs as a result of the fact that they are not allowed to charge housing costs in accordance with Article 14, second paragraph, in the period COVID-19 if the person with disabilities are not in the provision Stays. The Flemish minister competent for assistance to persons with a limitation determination the conditions and modalities of this financial compensation.art. 5. If the personal budget or part of it is used as a voucher as stated in Article 1, 10 °, of the decision of 24 June 2016, when the person with disabilities are death during the period COVID-19, there will be deviation from Article 25, fifth paragraph, of the aforementioned decision, by operation of law, assumed that the agreement that had been entered into with the licensed care provider in the context of the voucher spending has ended two months after the day of the death of the person with a disability. As the day where the agreement in accordance with the first Member by law ends within the period COVID-19 is assuming that the agreement ends on the day after the end date of the period-covid-19.art. 6. For the purposes of Article 6, last paragraph, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 22 February 2013 on directly accessible assistance for persons with disabilities, the number of staff points for which the provision is recognized is proportional to the year 2020 taking into account the Duration of the period COVID-19. The condition stated in Article6, last paragraph, of the aforementioned Decree that a maximum of twenty staff points may be less performed for the year 2020.Art. 7. For the purposes of Article 13, second paragraph, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 30 September 2011 on the recognition and subsidization of Degelor Support Plan and a mentor organization for the preliminary process of persons with disabilities. The number of counseling for which the service is recognized, proportionally reduced taking into account the duration of period COVID-19.The condition stated in Article 13, second paragraph, of the same decision that a maximum of twenty staff point mininder may be performed for the year 2020.Art. 8. For the application of Article10, § 1, fifth paragraphof the Decree of the Flemish Government of 19 July 2007 establishing the provisions and conditions of recognition and subsidization of organizations regarding leisure care for persons with a disability for the year 2020, the number of performance that is proven proportionally -reduced takes into account the duration of the COVID period -19.Art. 9. For the application of Article 19 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 24 November 2017 on the recognition and subsidization of facilities that offer support to persons with disabilities in prison, and units for internees, the units for internees during the Period COVID-19 A occupancy rate of 100 % have.art. 10. A social assistance organization receives a subsidies the amount that the agency has paid to budget holders of a personal budget or from a PAB for the costs arising from agreements on high -threshold individual assistance as referred to in Article 7, 2 °, g, of the Decree of 24 June 2016 with that social assistance organization or for deck costs of high-threshold individual assistance stated in Article 10, § 1, first paragraph, of the decision of December 15, 2000, which was offered by that social assistance organization, for the period COVID-19, is lower than the amount that The agency for those costs for the comparable period in the year2019 has repaid. The amount of the subsidy of the first paragraph is equal to the variety between the amount paid in 2019 and the year 2020 with regard to the period COVID-19EN The comparable period in 2020. The subsidies will be granted with due observance of the 2012/11/EU Decree of the Commission of 20 December 201 1 on the application of Article 106, second member of the Treaty on the Function of the European Union on state aid in the form of compensation for the public service, provided to the provisions of the management of services of generally interested companies.art. 11. The provisions, the organizations on leisure care and debt organizations must continue to pay their staff members during the COVID-19 period or make their staff members available to an organization or service that is recognized or licensed by a government service of the Welfare Policy Domain, Public Health and Family. As an inspection inspection that does not meet the obligation stated in the first paragraph, the agency and part of the subsidies to which the provisions under the regulations that apply to them or on the basis of the deployment of personal budgets can claim the period Covid-19, not paying out. The Flemish minister competent for assistance to persons with a disability establishes demodalities for the deduction of the subsidies. He hereby takes into account the period of the obligation stated, stated in the first paragraph, and the size of the group of staff members for whom the obligation in the first paragraph is not met. Chapter 3. - Financial guarantees for people with disabilities. 12. If on the date of the start of the period COVID-19, use was made of the possibility provided for in Article 12 of the Flemish Government Decree of 22 February 2013 on directly accessible assistance for people with a handicap to combine the personal budget with a stay , whether or not in combination with day care, the person concerned with a disability, in deviation from Article 12, fourth and fifth paragraph, can continue to use the stated decisionWhether or not in combination with daycare up to the COVID-19 period has ended. The Service Directly accessible assistance may not request a reimbursement from person with a handicap to offer this support except for a financial contribution as stated in Article 15 of the aforementioned Decree.art. 13. If of the COVID-19 period, they are not allowed to do additional reimbursement questions for the support offered in addition to the compensation that is to provide support in that individual service agreement that applied to the day before the start of the period COVID-19 except if the change in the Support is the result of the use of a temporary -following budget emergency situations The providers of care and support that are recognized by the agency or subsidized by the Agency offer more support or other support bikes than is about A pass in the individual service agreement that applied to the day before the start of the COVID-19 period, they may not request additional compensation in addition to desubs to which they can claim in accordance with the regulations that apply to them.art.14. During the COVID-19 period, Articles 25 to Article 31 of the Decree of the Flemish Seal of 26 February 2016 will be recognized and subsidized by multifunctional centers for minors with a disability with support by a multifunctional center for minor persons with a handicap and Article 9 , § 2/1 and § 2/2 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 4 February 2011 on the general terms and conditions of recognition and quality assurance of provisions for the forefront, treatment and guidance of persons with disabilities for adult persons with a personal budget, during the period COVID-19 applied on the basis of the support that in period COVID-19 is actually offered. In the period COVID-19, the provision of facilities as stated in Article 9, § 3, fourth paragraph of the aforementioned decision of 4 February2011 count on in function of the support that is actually offered. Only housing costs, stated in Article 9, § 3, first paragraph, of the aforementioned Decree may be charged as the person with a disability actually stay in the provision. 15. § 1. Persons with a handicap that has a personal budget or a PAB can claim their budget exceeding the year 2020 by 8.5% if all the following conditions are full: 1 ° they reside during the period COVID-19 Not full-time in a provision; 2 ° The budget holders of a personal budget conclude agreements as stated in Article 7, 2 ° of the Decree of 24 June 2016, on support in the home situation during the COVID-19 period with the exception of an agreement As stated in Article 7, 2 °, h) with a licensed care provider with which an individual service agreement was already ongoing for the period COVID-19, or passing agreements as stated in Article 7.2 °, in this context. If an agreement as stated in Article 7, 3 °, of the aforementioned decision, this agreement can be adjusted for the duration of the COVID-19 period. The budget holders of a PAB concluding agreements as stated in Article 12, first paragraph of the Decree of 15 December 2000, on support in the home situation during the period COVID-19 or adjust current agreements in this context; 3 ° the personal budget or the PAB for The year 2020 is not sufficient to pay the costs arising from the agreements or adjustments of the agreements stated in point 2 °. , taking into account the duration of the period of COVID-19.§ 2. In deviation from Article 3, § 2, of the decision of 24 June 2016, the budget holder of a personal budget does not receive a reimbursement of management costs for the amount with which the annual budget , in accordance with the first paragraph, it can be exceeded. As the budget holder of a personal budget, the budget in the context of exceeding the annual budget, Vermel d in Pararaaf 1, Primary member, for the first time as a cash budget, in deviation from Article 16, third paragraphNo recoverable advance of the aforementioned decision.§ 3. If the agency or care has wrongly repaid, reclaim back. 16. Contrary to Article 2 and Article 4, § 1 and 2, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 29 March 2019 on the transition of persons with disabilities who are supported abroad and to amend the decision of the Flemish government of24 June 2016 on the use of the budget for non-directly accessible care and support for adult persons with disabilities and on organizational costs for licensed care providers, with regard to the use of the budget abroad, a budget holder can be in the COVID period -19 an appeal to another care and support provider or the agreement stated in Article3, third paragraph, of the aforementioned Decree changes without a revision of the number of care -related points stated in the decision stated in Article 3, first paragraph, The same decision must ask.art.17. The Flemish minister, competent for assistance to persons with a disability, is responsible for the implementation of this decision. The Flemish minister, competent for assistance to persons with a disability, determines the end date of the COVID-19 period. He can determine a different end date for the different measures stated in this decision. 18. This Decree has elaborated with effect from 14maart 2020.brussel, 30 April 2020. The Prime Minister of the Flemish Government, J.Jambonde Flemish Minister for Welfare, Public Health, Family and Poverty Reduction, W.BekePublication: 2020-05-08Numac: 2020041223 Flemish government 30 April 2020.-Decision of the Flemish Government on the financial consequences of the measures to combat COVID-19 for facilities for persons with disabilities and for people with disabilities who have support from the Flemish Agency for Persons with Disability Rights End Decree is based on:- The Decree of 7 May 2004 establishing the internal independence with legal personality Flemish Agency for persons with disabilities Article 8, 2 ° and 3 °, 7 °, 11 ° and 12 ° inserted by decree of 25 April 2014 and Article 19 inserted by the Decree of 25 April 2014;-the Decree of 25 April 2014 containing the personal financing for persons with disabilities and to reform the method of financing care and the support for persons with a Handicap, Article 10 First paragraph. Formweree following formal requirements are fulfilled:- The Flemish Minister, competent For the budget, his agreement has given on29 April 2020.- No advice was requested from the Council of State, with application of Article3, § 1, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973. It is urgently necessary that clarity is offered for facilities and people with disabilities the initiatives have taken the initiatives to meet the financial consequences of the Maat-regulatoryie the government has taken to combat COVID-19. The measures for the provisions of the provisions are the support that they support it They have to offer it normally either not be able to offer either that should offer more or other support. On the other hand, they must continue to employ their staff or make them available to other organizations for persons with disabilities or other organizations recognized or licensed within the Welfare, Public Health and Family policy area. It is then also urgently necessary that the provisions guarantee for the preservation of the same resources as for the corona period is offered. The measures for persons with disabilities have the consequence that they cannot go to the facility in a number of cases, but permanently stay in the home situations or that or that they can no longer go home and have to stay permanently in the provision. It is urgent to provide clarity about the financial consequences of the changes in support as a result of COVID-19 and about the initiatives have been taken to meet the financial consequences of the measures within the framework of COVID-19.Motiveringdit Decree are based on the following motives: the measures taken in the COVID-19 Landconfan have an important impact on the regular operation and services of all actors in the sector of persons with a handicap and on the care and support that the people involved m can get etched handicap. This impact is expressed in various areas. Requirements imposed in the regulations cannot be met (in time). The support that is normally offered cannot be continued. Facilities cannot provide support or need to offer more or other support, which implies changes in the personnel deployment. Both people with disabilities facilities have extra and unforeseen costs. In order to limit the impact and to be able to offer both legally and finance the necessary guarantees, a number of temporary compensatory measures are taken. Initiative -Terit Decree is proposed by the Flemish Minister for Welfare, Public Health, Family and Poverty Raading, the Flemish Government Decree: Hoofpest 1. - General provisions article1. For the purposes of this Decree, it is understood to mean: 1 ° agency: the Flemish agency for persons with disabilities, established in the decree of 7 May 2004 establishing the internal self -employed agency with legal personality Flemish Agency for persons with disabilities; 2 ° Decree of December 15, 2000: Decree of the Flemish Government of 15 December 2000 establishing the conditions for the granting of a personal assistance budget to persons with disabilities; 3 ° Decree of 24 June 2016: Decree of the Flemish Government of 24 June 2016 on the spending of the budget for non-directly accessible care and support for adult persons with a handicap and on organizational costs for licensed care providers; 4 ° assistance organization: a social assistance organization as stated in Article 1, 2 °, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 11 December 2015 containing the Permit Conditions and the Subsidy Scheme of Assistance Organi to assist Ombudget holders in the context of personal financing; 5 ° budget holder of a PAB: a budget holder as stated in Article 1, 4 °of the decision of 15 December 2000; 6 ° budget holder of a personal budget: a budget holder as stated in Article 1, 6 ° of the Decree of 24 June 2016; 7 ° Cash Budget: a cash budget as stated in Article 1, 7 ° , of the decision of 24 June 2016; 8 ° individual service agreement: the individual service agreement, stated in Article 9 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 4 February 2011 on the General Terms and Conditions and Quality assurance of facilities for reception, treatment and guidance for persons with a disability; ° PAB: A PAB as stated in Article 1, 3 °, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of December 15, 2000; 10 ° period COVID-19: The period in which the Maat Regelendie were issued to combat COVID-19 are in force and are in force This was discussed on 14 March 2020; 11 ° Personal Budget: a budget for non -directly accessible care and support as mentioned in Chapter 5 of the Decree of 25 April 201 4 containing the personal financing for people with a disability and to reform the method of financing care and support front persons with a disability or the number of care -related resources stated in Articles 8 and 12 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 24 June 2016 containing The transition of persons with a disability who use a personal assistance budget or a personal budget or who are supported by a flexible supply center for adults or a home counseling service, to personal finance and containing the transition of the flexible supply centers for adults and the home counseling services, or a number of care, or a number points as stated in Article 11/1, § 1, first paragraph of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 20 April 2018 containing measures for the elaboration of the personal budgets made available in the context of the transition to personal financing, o f Article 2, first paragraph, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 29 March 2019 on the transition do the persons with disabilities who receive care and support abroad and to amend the decision of the Flemish Government of 24 June 2016 on the spending of the budget for non-right-wing care and support for adult persons with disabilities and about organizational costs for licensed care providers, with regard to the use of the budget abroad; 12 ° temporary personal-following budget emergency: a temporary personal-following emergency as a referred to in Article 28 of the decision of the Flemish Government of 27 November 2015 on the submissions on the handling of a budget for non -directly accessible care and support for adult persons with disabilities and about the provision of that budget; 13 ° licensed care provider: a provider of care and support that in accordance with H he decision of the Flemish government of 24 June 2016 on the licensing of providers of non-directly accessible care support for persons with disabilities, permit is permitted by the agency; 14 ° provisions: the provisions stated in Article 4, first paragraph, 1 ° up to and 4 °, of the decision of the Flemish Government of 4 February 2011 on the general terms and conditions of recognition and quality assurance of provisions for care, treatment and guidance of persons with disabilities; 15 ° Care inspection: care inspection of the welfare, public health and family, stated in article 3, § 2, third paragraph, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 31 March 2006 on the Department of Welfare, Public Health Family, regarding the entry into force of regulations to set up agencies in policy domain welfare, public health and family and concerning the change of regulations regarding to the policy domain. Chapter 2. - Budget guarantee for r facilities, organizations regarding leisure time social assistance organizations. 2. The agreements about providing support in the individual service agreements with facilities that applied on the day before the starting date of the COVID-19 period are not adjusted if the facilities during the COVID-19 period offer no support or offer other support if agreed has been agreed or offer support immediately other frequency than agreed, unless the change in support is the consequence of the use of a temporary personal budget emergency situation. The agreements in the agreements with a licensed care provider or a multifunctional center for minor persons with a disability Support as stated in Article 10, § 5Of the decision of 15 December2000, it will not be adjusted if the agreed support cannot be offered during the period-covid-19 or if more support must be offered during this period than agreed.art.3. For the purposes of this article, voucher is understood to mean: a voucher as stated in Article1, 10 °, of the decision of 24 June 2016.Ons if the personal budget is used by way of voucher or is used as a cash budget the agreements must be about The reimbursement of supported support included in the individual service agreement that is applicable on the day before the start of the COVID-19 period is also performed for that period even if the licensed care provider does not offer the agreed support during the period COVID-19 or as other support or Support with a different frequency is offered then agreed unless the change is the result of the use of a temporary personal -following budget emergency situation. In this case, the reimbursement agreements must be included in the amended individual service agreement. If the personal budget is used as A cash budget and the change The support is not the result of the use of a temporary personal -following budget emergency situatics. The licensed care provider draw up an invoice based on the support that applies in accordance with the individual service agreement that applied on the day before the start date of the COVID period -19, would have to be offered during the period COVID-19. The budget holder of a PAB conducts dosage agreements on the reimbursement of support offered, included in the agreements stated in Article2, second paragraph, also from as the licensed care provider or the multifunctional center For minors the period COVID-19 has not offered support or has offered more support Danis agreed.art. 4. The provisions can claim a financial compensation for the loss of reimbursements for housing costs as a result of the fact that they are not allowed to charge housing costs in accordance with Article 14, second paragraph, in the period COVID-19 if the person with disabilities are not in the provision Stays. The Flemish minister competent for assistance to persons with a limitation determination the conditions and modalities of this financial compensation.art. 5. If the personal budget or part of it is used as a voucher as stated in Article 1, 10 °, of the decision of 24 June 2016, when the person with disabilities are death during the period COVID-19, there will be deviation from Article 25, fifth paragraph, of the aforementioned decision, by operation of law, assumed that the agreement that had been entered into with the licensed care provider in the context of the voucher spending has ended two months after the day of the death of the person with a disability. As the day where the agreement in accordance with the first Member by law ends within the period COVID-19 is assuming that the agreement ends on the day after the end date of the period-covid-19.art. 6. For the purposes of Article 6, last paragraph, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 22 February 2013 on directly accessible assistance for persons with disabilities, the number of staff points for which the provision is recognized is proportional to the year 2020 taking into account the Duration of the period COVID-19. The condition stated in Article6, last paragraph, of the aforementioned Decree that a maximum of twenty staff points may be less performed for the year 2020.Art. 7. For the purposes of Article 13, second paragraph, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 30 September 2011 on the recognition and subsidization of Degelor Support Plan and a mentor organization for the preliminary process of persons with disabilities. The number of counseling for which the service is recognized, proportionally reduced taking into account the duration of period COVID-19.The condition stated in Article 13, second paragraph, of the same decision that a maximum of twenty staff point mininder may be performed for the year 2020.Art. 8. For the application of Article10, § 1, fifth paragraphof the Decree of the Flemish Government of 19 July 2007 establishing the provisions and conditions of recognition and subsidization of organizations regarding leisure care for persons with a disability for the year 2020, the number of performance that is proven proportionally -reduced takes into account the duration of the COVID period -19.Art. 9. For the application of Article 19 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 24 November 2017 on the recognition and subsidization of facilities that offer support to persons with disabilities in prison, and units for internees, the units for internees during the Period COVID-19 A occupancy rate of 100 % have.art. 10. A social assistance organization receives a subsidies the amount that the agency has paid to budget holders of a personal budget or from a PAB for the costs arising from agreements on high -threshold individual assistance as referred to in Article 7, 2 °, g, of the Decree of 24 June 2016 with that social assistance organization or for deck costs of high-threshold individual assistance stated in Article 10, § 1, first paragraph, of the decision of December 15, 2000, which was offered by that social assistance organization, for the period COVID-19, is lower than the amount that The agency for those costs for the comparable period in the year2019 has repaid. The amount of the subsidy of the first paragraph is equal to the variety between the amount paid in 2019 and the year 2020 with regard to the period COVID-19EN The comparable period in 2020. The subsidies will be granted with due observance of the 2012/11/EU Decree of the Commission of 20 December 201 1 on the application of Article 106, second member of the Treaty on the Function of the European Union on state aid in the form of compensation for the public service, provided to the provisions of the management of services of generally interested companies.art. 11. The provisions, the organizations on leisure care and debt organizations must continue to pay their staff members during the COVID-19 period or make their staff members available to an organization or service that is recognized or licensed by a government service of the Welfare Policy Domain, Public Health and Family. As an inspection inspection that does not meet the obligation stated in the first paragraph, the agency and part of the subsidies to which the provisions under the regulations that apply to them or on the basis of the deployment of personal budgets can claim the period Covid-19, not paying out. The Flemish minister competent for assistance to persons with a disability establishes demodalities for the deduction of the subsidies. He hereby takes into account the period of the obligation stated, stated in the first paragraph, and the size of the group of staff members for whom the obligation in the first paragraph is not met. Chapter 3. - Financial guarantees for people with disabilities. 12. If on the date of the start of the period COVID-19, use was made of the possibility provided for in Article 12 of the Flemish Government Decree of 22 February 2013 on directly accessible assistance for people with a handicap to combine the personal budget with a stay , whether or not in combination with day care, the person concerned with a disability, in deviation from Article 12, fourth and fifth paragraph, can continue to use the stated decisionWhether or not in combination with daycare up to the COVID-19 period has ended. The Service Directly accessible assistance may not request a reimbursement from person with a handicap to offer this support except for a financial contribution as stated in Article 15 of the aforementioned Decree.art. 13. If of the COVID-19 period, they are not allowed to do additional reimbursement questions for the support offered in addition to the compensation that is to provide support in that individual service agreement that applied to the day before the start of the period COVID-19 except if the change in the Support is the result of the use of a temporary -following budget emergency situations The providers of care and support that are recognized by the agency or subsidized by the Agency offer more support or other support bikes than is about A pass in the individual service agreement that applied to the day before the start of the COVID-19 period, they may not request additional compensation in addition to desubs to which they can claim in accordance with the regulations that apply to them.art.14. During the COVID-19 period, Articles 25 to Article 31 of the Decree of the Flemish Seal of 26 February 2016 will be recognized and subsidized by multifunctional centers for minors with a disability with support by a multifunctional center for minor persons with a handicap and Article 9 , § 2/1 and § 2/2 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 4 February 2011 on the general terms and conditions of recognition and quality assurance of provisions for the forefront, treatment and guidance of persons with disabilities for adult persons with a personal budget, during the period COVID-19 applied on the basis of the support that in period COVID-19 is actually offered. In the period COVID-19, the provision of facilities as stated in Article 9, § 3, fourth paragraph of the aforementioned decision of 4 February2011 count on in function of the support that is actually offered. Only housing costs, stated in Article 9, § 3, first paragraph, of the aforementioned Decree may be charged as the person with a disability actually stay in the provision. 15. § 1. Persons with a handicap that has a personal budget or a PAB can claim their budget exceeding the year 2020 by 8.5% if all the following conditions are full: 1 ° they reside during the period COVID-19 Not full-time in a provision; 2 ° The budget holders of a personal budget conclude agreements as stated in Article 7, 2 ° of the Decree of 24 June 2016, on support in the home situation during the COVID-19 period with the exception of an agreement As stated in Article 7, 2 °, h) with a licensed care provider with which an individual service agreement was already ongoing for the period COVID-19, or passing agreements as stated in Article 7.2 °, in this context. If an agreement as stated in Article 7, 3 °, of the aforementioned decision, this agreement can be adjusted for the duration of the COVID-19 period. The budget holders of a PAB concluding agreements as stated in Article 12, first paragraph of the Decree of 15 December 2000, on support in the home situation during the period COVID-19 or adjust current agreements in this context; 3 ° the personal budget or the PAB for The year 2020 is not sufficient to pay the costs arising from the agreements or adjustments of the agreements stated in point 2 °. , taking into account the duration of the period of COVID-19.§ 2. In deviation from Article 3, § 2, of the decision of 24 June 2016, the budget holder of a personal budget does not receive a reimbursement of management costs for the amount with which the annual budget , in accordance with the first paragraph, it can be exceeded. As the budget holder of a personal budget, the budget in the context of exceeding the annual budget, Vermel d in Pararaaf 1, Primary member, for the first time as a cash budget, in deviation from Article 16, third paragraphNo recoverable advance of the aforementioned decision.§ 3. If the agency or care has wrongly repaid, reclaim back. 16. Contrary to Article 2 and Article 4, § 1 and 2, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 29 March 2019 on the transition of persons with disabilities who are supported abroad and to amend the decision of the Flemish government of24 June 2016 on the use of the budget for non-directly accessible care and support for adult persons with disabilities and on organizational costs for licensed care providers, with regard to the use of the budget abroad, a budget holder can be in the COVID period -19 an appeal to another care and support provider or the agreement stated in Article3, third paragraph, of the aforementioned Decree changes without a revision of the number of care -related points stated in the decision stated in Article 3, first paragraph, The same decision must ask.art.17. The Flemish minister, competent for assistance to persons with a disability, is responsible for the implementation of this decision. The Flemish minister, competent for assistance to persons with a disability, determines the end date of the COVID-19 period. He can determine a different end date for the different measures stated in this decision. 18. This Decree has elaborated with effect from 14maart 2020.brussel, 30 April 2020. The Prime Minister of the Flemish Government, J.Jambonde Flemish Minister for Welfare, Public Health, Family and Poverty Reduction, W.BekePublication: 2020-05-14Numac: 2020041235Federal Public Service Financial administration for policy expertise and support. - Regulation service. - Contrary to the competent authorities of the Netherlands and Belgium with regard to the situation of the frontier workers in the context of the COVID-19 Health crisis1. Introduction Basic 28, third paragraph, of the Convention signed on 5 June 2001 between the Kingdom of the Netherlands and the Kingdom Belgia for the avoidance of double taxation and to prevent the avoidance of tax tax taxes on income and assets, such as Changed by the protocol signed on 23 June 2009 (the "Convention"), the competent authorities of the Netherlands and Belgium try to resolve difficulties that were allowed to rise with regard to interpretation or the application of the Convention Convention. Since the Coronavirus ("COVID-19")-Pandemie is a case of force majeure and since the measures taken in response to the pandemic can give rise to great uncertainty regarding the tax situation of frontier workers, the competent authorities of the Netherlands and Belgium share the position an agreement in mutual agreement as referred to in article 28, third paragraph, of the Convention is legitimate. In this context, the competent authorities of the Netherlands and Belgium have reached agreement on the application, or interpretation, of Article 15 and Article 18, paragraph 6, of the Convention for situations in which a frontier worker road measures concerning COVID-19 or related measures from home works, or would normally be working days, spends at home without working.2. Home working days for the application of Article 15, first paragraph of the Convention (non-independent professions), working days for which remuneration has been received and on which the employment was exercised at home ("home working days") exclusively for the measures taken by the Dutch or Belgian government to decoved 19 Pandemie to be controlled, deemed to have been spent in the Contracting State Value Worker would have practiced the employment relationship without the measures to combat the COVID-19 Pandemie. This fiction cannot be applied to workdays that the frontier worker, Los Vandeze, would have spent from home or in a third state. In particular, it cannot be applied by frontier workers who, in accordance with their employment contract, generally perform employment of home. Prensile workers who use the fiction are obliged to use this in consistent manner in both Contracting States and to keep the necessary data (for example, a written confirmation from the employer which part of the home working days exclusively dealing with the COVID-19-Pandemie working from home was spent). This fictional can only be applied to the extent that the remuneration for the days that were spent from home are actually taxed by the Contracting State where the frontier worker has exercised the employment relationship without the measures taken to combat the COVID-19-Pandemie. de Burutor Agree that these income components are actually taxed in the Contracting State where he would have practiced the employment without taking the COVID-19 Pandemie. These income components are considered as "actually taxed" when they are included in the tax base used to calculate Debelasting.3. Staying at home without working with continued payment of salaryhetis that for Article 15 of the Convention the same work pattern (the ratio of days worked in the working state/ total worked days) is applied as if the employee would have worked as:-the employee one or more days that would normally be working days, stay at home without working; and the employee still receives a salary from the employer (who is not already supported by means of the Dutch "emergency measure bridging for employment") debt authorities of the Netherlands and Belgium agree that this treatment is in line with the extensive interpretation of the Convention And that this treatment follows the OECD commentary for the OECD Model Convention. (1) 4. Staying at home without working with the right to a Belgian temporary unemployment benefit residents of the Netherlands who work in Belgium and can work as a result of measures to combat the COVID-19-Pandemieniet, under conditions are entitled to Belgian temporary unemployment benefits. These benefits fall in, if the employment relationship is in Stand remains, in principle under Article 18, six -off member, of the ConventionThis means that these unemployment benefits may be taxed in the state, where the rewards for the actual employment actual employment may be taxed. The usual work pattern before the coronacrisis is therefore important for this. 5. Duur unit2 of this Agreement applies during the period from 11 March 2020 to 31 May 2020. From31 May 2020, the application of this agreement will be extended to the end of the next calendar monthly, both competent authorities agree in writing at least one week before the commencement of the relevant calendar month. Parts 3 and 4 of this Agreement relate to confirmation of existing treaty interpretation by the competent authorities of the Netherlands and Belgium. The competent authorities agree that no fixed start or end date of this parts is applied. This agreement will arise In operation on the day following the day at which she signed by the competent authorities of the Netherlands and Belgium. It can be terminated unilaterally by each competent authority by giving knowledge to the other competent authority. These agreement between the competent authorities as well as the extensions of the application period of these contracts are published in the Belgian Official Gazette and in the Dutch Government Gazette. The undersigned authorities on 30 April 2020: for the competent authority of Belgium: p. The Vosadviseur-General for the competent authority of the Netherlands: r. Jansenenenmenist director of international affairs and consumption taxes _______cillation (1) paragraphs 2.6 and 2.16 of the OECD commentary for Article 15 of the OECD model treaty as it reads of the conclusion of this agreement.Publication: 2020-05-11Numac: 2020041258waalse Government Service 5 May 2020.-Decision of the Walloon Government of Special Powers No. 35 containing the 'Contact Tracing' in the context of the fight against the COVID-13-Epidemiede Walloon Government, the special law of 8 August 1980 to reform the institutions, amended by the Special Act of 6 January 2014, Article 5, § 1, I, 8 °; Having regard to Articles 47-13 to 47-16 of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health, inserted by the Decree of 2 May 2019; Given the special decree of 11 July 2014 on the powers of the French Community, of which the Walloon region and the French Community Committee are transferred, Article3, 6 °; in view of the decree of March 17, 2020 to the award of the special powers to the Walloon Government in the context of the Health Crisis COVID-19 for the matters regulated by article 138 of the Constitution; in view of the Decree of VA in the Walloon Government of 13 September 2019 to determine the division of ministerial powers and regulating the signing of its deeds; in view of the decision of the Walloon Government of 26 September 2019 to regulate the operation of the Walloon Government; in view of the advice; of the Inspector of Finance, given on 5 May 2020; Having regard to the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12 ,1973, Article 3, § 1, first paragraph; in view of the urgent necessity; having the statement of WHO in connection with The characteristics of the Coronavirus COVID-19, in particular destigliness and the mortality risk and whereas WHO on 11 March 2020 the Coronaviruscovid-19s as a pandemic; who destabilizes the world economy and quickly spreads around the world, raised to the highest degree; given the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 on European territory and in Belgium, given the urgent necessity and the health risk mat, the Coronavirus COVID-19 is for the Belgian population; that it is in the public interest that there is coherence on the measures taken to limit the distribution of COVID-19, so that the effectiveness man is highest possible; in view of the consultations between the government of the sub-areas the competent federal authorities, in the national Security Council that has been gathering since the beginning of March 2020; Getting the lockdown measures taken by the federal government through the successive ministerial decisions of 13, 18 and 23 March 2020 and from 3, 17 and 30 April 2020-containing urgent measures to limit the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 , respectively, announced in the Belgian Official Gazette of13, 18 and 23 March 2020, and from 3, 17 and 30 April 2020; in view of the decision adopted by the National Security Council on 24 April to have a gradual reduction of Delockdown in successive from 4 May 2020 to start phases; he contacts between people increase and consequently leads to an increase risk for infections with COVID-19; in view of Article 191 of the EU Treaty in which the precautionary principle is stuck in the context of the management of an international sanitary crisis and the active preparation on the potential incidents of These crises; that this principle means that, if a serious risk can in all probability, the public authorities must take urgent and provisional measures; Provide recommendations (staying at home, telecommuting, being tested, ...) to prevent them from spreading the virus to other persons; have been tested or whose doctor such an infection mother, but also about the persons with whom they have been in contact; whereas Defederal Government, in collaboration with the sub -areas, has decided to focus a database of database at Sciensano, which is intended, among other things to make that contact tracing possible; in view of Royal Decree Nr18 of May 4, 2020 establishing a database at Sciensano in the Framework for the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 in which the personal data in particular are included in the database, the persons or institutions responsible for the provisioner, the purposes of the processing, the persons who may have access to the database and the duration of its preservation are determined; or whose infection has established and the persons with Wielaatstenemen have come into contact to give them the necessary information and recommendations; predominantly, in the case of infectious infectious diseases, there are currently procedures for the protection of public health and the application of appropriate prophylactic measures that have been included in the wa ALSE Code of Social Action and Health, including the procedures for "tracing"; that needed specific modalities, namely the creation of a contact center, so the modalities that have already been included in Articles 47/13 and following of the Walloon Code are added social action and health; that these deviate specific modalities for COVID-19 for COVID-19 Between subareas and federal authorities on the entire Belgian territory; predominantly the "Agence Wallonne de la Santé, the la Protection Social, Du Handicap et des Familles" (Walloon Agency for Health, Social Protection, Handicap and Families) with the organization of these "contact centers will be taxed; that the personnel means on which the health inspection service n of the "Agence Wallonne de la Santé, the La Protection Social, Du Handicap et des Familles", it appears that they are to ensure the 'contact tracing' in the context of the COVID-19 epidemic; is urgent to determine additional decree provisions to provide the needy means of action for organizing the planned 'contact tracing'; mostly the personal data used in the context of the 'contact tracing', it is also appropriate to, insofar as, insofar as, insofar as, insofar as necessary to remind the obligations imposed on those who are responsible for their implementation; , fax, secure computer applications within the agency or via electronic declaration interfaceing assistant "; that the AVG and the law of 30 July 2018 concerning However, the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data does not require that the legal basis for the processing of the data records the precise modalities for the collection of the data; that means for collecting data should not be limited in view of the size of decrisis and the need to break the infection chain; The Coronavirus can collect COVID-19 and can inform Sciensano To set the Walloon government to respond to the Pandemie Covid- 19, in the matters that fall under the authority of the Walloon Region under Article 138 of the Constitution, the government can take all use measures to prevent and treat any situation that causes problems in the strict frame covid-13 and the consequences and that must be regulated in the event of a serious danger "; predominantly Article 3, § 1, of the aforementioned Decree provides the following:" The decisions referred to in the articles 1 and 2 can be adopted without the legally or regulatory requirements being pre -wonThe first paragraph applies to the advice of the Council of the Council of the State Division in the cases specialized by the Government "; In the framework of the reduction of the corona measures, it requires that this decision will be adopted as an emergency, which is not compatible with the consultation of the Council of State legislation of the Council; Legislation of the Council of State.On the nomination of the Minister of Health; Na Verrazraging, Decree: Article 1. This Decree, in accordance with Article 138 of the Constitution, regulates a matter referred to in Article 128 of it. 2. For the application of this decree is understood by: 1 ° The Agency: the "Agence Wallonne de la Santé, the la Protectionsocial, du Handicap et des Familles" referred to in Article 2 of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health; 2 ° Royal Decree No. 18: Royal Decree No. 18 of 4 May 2020 to set up a database at Sciensano in the context of the fight against the spread of the Covid-19; 3; ° The Code: the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health, adopted by the decision of the Walloon Government of 29 September 2011 containing codification of legislation on health and social action, ratified in the decree of 1 December 2011, and as amended later. Art.3. In the context of the management of the COVID-19 epidemic, the agency organizes a contact center burden with the detection and contact of the persons infected or are probably infected with COVID-19, as well as with the persons with whom they have had contact for them to provide the necessary information and recommendations. In this framework, the agency can tax the contact center with each assignment referred to in Article 47/15 of the Code. Deviation from Article 47/14, §1, fifth paragraph, all members of the Contact Center can be taxed with the assignments referred to in Article 47/14. Contrary to this, all members who compile the contact center can collect data other means that are not explicitly stated in Article 47/14, § 1, paragraph 7 of the Code, such as home visits to persons who are not available by telephone or e-mail. They may collect and communicate and communicate the data as referred to in Article 2, § 4, of the Royal Decree no. 18.The contact center exerts outdoor orders with due observance of Article 9 of the Act of 30 July 2018 relevant the protection of natural persons with regard to processing of personal data.art.4. The contact center consists of: 1 ° Doctors or the nurses charged with the supervision of the infectious diseases designated by the Agency, in accordance with Article 47/15 of the Code; 2 ° members of the personnel of the Walloon Region or public laws of public laws who Depending on it, which have been temporarily appointed on a voluntary basis for this task and that are subject to the revocable consent of their hierarchy at all times; 3 ° if necessary, external service providers designated by the Agency.art. 5. Only the members of the contact center that are specifically authorized to access the database, have access to the data and are authorized to process them in accordance with the purposes for which Zewerden collected. They are forbidden to disclose the data or for other purposes are subject to professional secrecy in accordance with Article 458 of Het Penuffen Code.Art. 6. If the agency appeals to one or more external service providers, as referred to in Article 4, 3 °, the agency is in line with each of them a subcontracting contract in accordance with article 28 of Regulation (EU) No 2016/679 of the European Parliament and the Council of 27 April 2016 relevant the protection of natural persons in connection with the processing of personal data on the free movement of that data and to the withdrawal of Directive 95/46/Eg.Art.7. The personal data that the contact center referred to in Article 4, 2 ° and 3 ° are processed will be deleted no later than five days after the announcement of the Government Decree, whereby the end of the Coronavirus Covid-13 Coronavirus is established .Art. 8. The government dissolves the contact center referred to in Article 3 no later than five days after the announcement of the Government Decree, whereby the end of the state of the epidemic of the Coronavirus Covid-19 is determined, if this is not the case, it will be automatically on that date dissolved.art.9. This decision comes into effect on 5 May 2020.Art. 10. The Minister of Health is taxed with the implementation of this decision. Names, 5 May 2020For the Walloon government: Prime Minister, e.Di Rupo Minister of Work, Training, Health, Social Action, Equal Opportunities and Women's Rights, Ch.Correation