Publication: 2020-04-28numac: 2020030806brussels-Capital Region23 April 2020.-Decree of the Brussels-Capital Government of Special Powers No. 2020/008 on the transport of deceased in the context of the health crisis COVID-19Deregoing of the Brussels-Capital Region, Gelet on the ordinance of 19 March 2020 to be awarded special powers to the Brussels-Capital Government in the context of the Health Crisiscovid-19, Article 2; Having regard to the ordinance of 29 November 2018 at the cemeteries and the delivery, Article 16, third paragraph; in view of at the urgency; in view of the advisory number. 67.223/4 of the Council of State, given on 15 April 2020, in implementation of Article 84, §1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973; predominantly the Coronavirus Covid- 19 on 11 March 2020 was labeled by the WHO as a pandemic; predominant under Article 2 of the ordinance of 19 March 2020 to be awarded special powers to the Brussels-Capital Government in the context of the Health Crisis COVID-19, the government can take allpassing measures To prevent and urgently tackling and urgently tackling and urgently tackling it within the strict framework of the COVID-19 Pandemie and the population of it; of the COVID-19 virus, as long as this infection is not excluded; Consequently, the same view was offered both in the event of a death due to COVID-19 and in any other death; mostly the medical staff should not only be supported and protected, but that the relatives of the deceased who are present at the time of death also serve to be protected; the to avoid further infection, the deceased is necessary that the deceased is immediately taken to the funerarium or mortuary, as soon as the doctor who has set the death has drawn up a certificate that states that it is a natural death and that there is no danger for Devolks Health The Indit Power Macht Decree exceptionally stated on this point It is in the sense that it indicates that it will be terminated as soon as it appears that it is no longer justified, or to extend it if it still appears to be necessary; that, if necessary and in the event of an extension or exacerbation of the above -mentioned health conditions, this exceptional measure will be revised or extended; taking into account the special urgency, it is recommended in accordance with Article2 of the ordinance of 19 March 2020 to grant special powers to the Government to obtain the advice from the Council of State. 4, §1 and § 2 of the ordinance of 19 March 2020 to grant special powers to the Brussels-capital government in the context of the health crisis COVID-19, this decision must be ratified by the parliament of the Brussels-Capital Region, Decree: article 1. In abnormality of Article 16, third paragraph, of the ordinance of 29 November 2 018 In the cemeteries and funeral delivery, the transport of deceased to the funerarium or mortuary immediately takes place as soon as the doctor who has set the death has drawn up a certificate that it is confirmed that it is a natural death and that there is no risk to public health. 2. The measures foreseen in this Decree apply for a period of 60 days from the day of entry into force of this Decree. 3. This decision comes into effect the day in the day on which it was announced in the Belgian Official Gazette.brussel, 23 April 2020.voorde Government: the Prime Minister of the Brussels-Capital Government, charged with territorial development and urban renewal, tourism, the promotion of the Image of Brussels and bicultural matters of regional importance, r. Vervoorte Minister of the Brussels -Capital Government, charged with work and vocational training, digitization and local boards, b. ClerfaytPublication: 2020-04-28Numac: 2020030808brussels-Capital Region23 April 2020.-Decree no. 2020/012 of the Brussels-Capital Government of Special Powers concerning the introduction of support measures for the recognized service check-up companies and their employees as a result of the urgent measures to distribute of the Coronavirus COVID-19 to limit the reporting the Brussels-Capital Government1. Contextzoals Numerous other economic sectors, the sector of the service checks is hit hard by the health crisis by COVID-19.. On 19 March 2020, the Brussels-Capital Government had stipulated its approval a measure to support the service checks that provide for payment of A regional intervention (14.60 euros) to the service check companies, on the basis of a reference month, in order to compensate for the performance that has not been carried out by the crisis, provided that the household assistant was put on temporary unemployment (economic or for force majeure). With this system, companies could have paid the wages of the household helpers and can have a small margin for other costs, provided that the federal government accepts a reduction in social contributions to grant employers' contributions, in order to make the system financially viable for the companies. In view of the negative response from the federal government and the National Social Security Office, another means to be found to support the companies, but also the household helpers. In this context of strongly reduced activity of the sector, it is not only to provide direct support For the recognized companies involved, but also the companies, wish to provide financial support with which they can support their household helpers, in order to ensure the preservation of their staff and thus the economic damage of this crisis. Finally, for companies that have been able to maintain a certain form of activity, sometimes in very difficult circumstances, an increased regional is provided. Details of the supporting measures can be described as follows: a. Direct-forfaitary support for companies network and for the other sectors affected by the COVID-19 crisis and the consequences thereof, a flat-rate support of 4,000 euros will be assigned to the service check companies with a registered office in the Brussels-Capital Region. will be deposited by the issue company (Sodexo) .b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.rest to companies with a view to support their household helpers that are temporarily unemployed by the service checks by low wages (approximately 11.65euro gross per hour, with a minimum wage of 11.07 euros gross) and a very large number of half -time relations (80%). With temporary unemployment, household helpers can be supported, but in view of the characteristics, the very large majority of them will have a monthly income of less than 1,000 euros, without All other benefits, such as meal vouchers. Thus proposed to support the household aids that depend on companies that have their registered office in the Brussels -Capital Region, and that are active in Brussels, indirectly in the vicinity of 2.50 euros gross per hour of temporary unemployment. This support will be paid by Sodexo to the companies that will request this support to deposit their household helpers at their expense. Incidentally, the companies will have to take out a withholding tax of 26.75% (such as for the benefits for temporary unemployment), what a net -benefit of 1.83 euros. That seems to be a certain way in order to comply with the guidelines of the RVA and the National Social Security Office. average gross wage of 11.60 euros per hour. If the household help is set fully economic unemployment, he or she may hope for 70% of this amount monthly, either 1,120 euros and 115 euros additional premium of the RVA (5.63 euros per working day), good for 1,235 euros. Erwes proposed to add an additional amount of 1.83 euros net per non-performed hour in the form of employment support, or 278 euros, so that a household help ultimately receives 1,513 euros per monthly jug.c. Increase of the regional intermediary is proposed, for each service check that includes performance for the period from March 18, 2020 to 30APRIL 2020, an increased regional intervention of 2 euros (16.60 euros instead of 14.60 euros per check) to knowThis support ensures that a minimum service can be guaranteed for persons who are most dependent on the activities through service checks, in particular to have their shopping done.d. Operationalization of the measuring settlement of these two support measures to companies, in order to be able to be poured as soon as possible and so efficiency, will be done via the issuing company, while the recognized companies have the bank account numbers of the employees, as well as the immediate knowledge of the number of hours temporary Unemployment performed by the latter, the payment of this allowance for temporary unemployment will carry out. The issuing company will also proceed to the payment of the increased intervention of 2 euros, but not simultaneously with the "normal" intervention, but weller via ad hoc payments. These payments have already been accepted by the issuing company as part of the assignments described in the specifications and therefore do not require formalization via an appendix (Hetis the same payment mechanism as the person used in the context of the payment of the additional indexation) .3. Advice from the Council of State and justification1. The Council of State has made a first comment on the text, in which he believes that the support of household help with the eye on the increase in their purchasing power cannot be regarded as a measure for the preservation of the employment and that this is beyond the authority granted to the Region on the basis of Article 6, § 1, IX, 8 а, of the special law of 8 August 1980 and thereby indicating that it has neither had nor the time to investigate whether there could be a legal basis for this power through an alternative view of the measure (advice 67.237/1, p. 7). The government is of the opinion that such an alternative legal basis does indeed exist for the extent that this measure should not be set for the basis If (only) a measure to retain employment, but must be considered legally as a support measure for recognized companies. Thanks to this supplement, it is true that household helpers will see their purchasing power more or less, but this is only an indirect consequence since companies that employ them will decide to use this support that is offered to them. In the first place, Bedrijfsalus are helped so that they can support the wealth of this sector - with a very high human dimension - namely hair workers. And from this point of view, the measure can therefore be qualified as "support for the companies" that entirely within the framework of the regional powers to fall from company support, and of the authority of the special law of 8 August 1980, namely the service checks referred to of Article 6, § 1, IX, 8. Not explicitly attributed to a government agency, but about which this body must have to fulfill its assignments. The negative response from the federal government to the first consideration of the first considered solution on the one hand and on the other hand the specific characteristics of the sector that is particularly characterized by a very low full -time employment rate, makes the measure of temporary unemployment d Hardly acceptable for many female employees. We therefore have to help the companies that employ them to endure this crisis as well as possible. If not, this staff may not show up in resumption of the work and this will unfortunately be a second- unfortunately economically seen more fundamental - causing crisis: without working staff, the company cannot be paid with service checks and therefore cannot survive in the short term. The profitability of certain service checking companies was already the health crisis a sensitive point. Industry can therefore indeed be qualified if support for the companies falls under the regional powers.2. The Council of State then asked to check whether the support measure for companies in the form of the intervention increased by 2 euros as referred to in Article 11 of the draft should not be registered with the European Commission. from the European Commission of which Belgium was informed in 2001 (the subsequent federal overness), which states that the registration must be traced because "the neighborhood services are not part of the trade between the Member States". As a result, no report has since been made by the federal government and this logic continued during the regionalizationSince this is a temporary increase that is added to the "main" regional intervention, there is no reason to deviate from this principile position.3.The Council of State has made some comments to adjust the text, all of which were filled up , and also to draw up a detailed report to the government in which the concrete consequences of the decision are explained (see advice, points, 7, 8, 9, 13, 14), which happened. That is why the alternative criterion in the comment In point 10 of the advice, it is not followed to be followed for operational reasons. The database of recognized companies is not based on the criterion of location unit (this remains a household name on which companies can decide whether or not to indicate at the issuing company according to their own organization), but it is indicated on the criterion of the social view. The conditions for Article 3 must be in force (see Advice, point 11). As a result of the comment in point 16 of the advice, as set out in point "d) Operationalization of the measures" of this report, it is not necessary to provide In a appendix to the cutlery. 4. Finally, in point 12 of its advice, the Council of State made a remark of compliance with the principle of equality in connection with Articles 4 and 5. However, since it is stated above that this measure must be primarily considered as a support measure for the companies, the question with regard to respect for the principle of equality between the employees in a situation of temporary unemployment is no longer an issue. The principle of equality is of course observed with regard to the recognized companies that meet the conditions for decisions, that is, with the social register in the Brussels -Capital Region. The same comment therefore applies to point 15 of the advice. Information from the Brussels -Capital Government: the Minister of Work, b. Clerfayt23 April 2020.- Decree no. 2020/012 of the Brussels-Capital Government of Special Powers concerning the implementation of support measures for the recognized service checking companies and their employees as a result of the urgent measures to spread the Coronavirus COVID-19 on Article 39 of the Constitution; Having regard to Debijzoral Law of 8 August 1980 for the reform of the institutions and in particular on Article 6; having regard to the special law of 12 January 1989 with regard to the Brussels institutions; having regard to the ordinance of 19 March 2020 for special powers to be granted to the Brussels-Capital Allocation in the context of the Health Crisis COVID-19, Article 2; Having regard to the Royal Decree of 12 December 2001 on the Service Checks, Articles 1, 8 and 11; having regard to the statement of the Minister of Budget; on Article 2, § 4 of Deordonnanie of 19 March 2020 to be Bijz granted powers to the Brussels-Capital Government the framework of the COVID-19 health crisis, whereby can be removed from gathering certain advice, except those of the Council of State; Having regard to advice no. 67237/1 of the Council Vanstate, given on April 20, 2020, in application of Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3а, of the Law of the Council of State, co -rdinated on January 12, 1973; in view of the urgent necessity; Decree of 18 March 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the COVID-19; Considering the Ministerial Decree of 23 March 2020 holding measures to limit the distribution of the COVID-19 Coronavirus, last amended by ministerial decision of 17 April 2020; Whereas the Federal Minister of Security The Interior has ordered the closure of a large number of companies that suffer from the Health Crisis COVID-19 major economic damage; both the legal certainty and the principle of equality are indicated, it is recommended to agree stig Article2 of the ordinance of 19 March 2020 to grant special powers to the government urgently to obtain advice from the Council of State; that this urgency is justified by the need for the aid measures, in the context of the health crisis of COVID- 19, Housing aids and companies from the service checks sector very quickly to approve that a social crisis is added to this; to be granted to the Brussels -capital government in the context of the COVID -19 health crisis, this decision should be officially ratified by the Brussels -Capital Parliament; after deliberation, decision: Chapter 1. - General provisions article 1. For the application of this decision is understood to mean : 1а the minister: the Minister of the Brussels -Capital Government Powels FOR WERK for work; 2а the administration: the B Estuur determined in Article 1, first paragraph, 3bis, of the Royal Decree of 12 December 2001 on the service checks; 3а The issue company: the issuing company determined in Article 1, first paragraph, 4а, of the Royal Decree of 12 December2001 on the service checks; 4а the recognized service check company: the enterprise in Article 1, first paragraph, 5а, of the Royal Decree of 12 December 2001 on the Dediensteques checks; 5а The Royal Decree of 12 December 2001: The Royal Decree of 12 December 2001 on the Service Check. , amount of the supporting modalism department 1. - Support for recognized Service Check -CompaniesArt.2. The Brussels-Capital Region automatically grants the issue of a one-off amount of 4,000 euros to the recognized Service Check companies via the issuing company. For the purposes of Articles 2 to 10 of this Decree, "recognized service checking companies" must be understood to mean: all recognized service checking companies as referred to in Article 1, 4а, on the result, on the date of payment of the support in application of this Decree: 1а their social survey in the Brussels -Capital Region is located; 2а they are not in an opening of bankruptcy or in a bankruptcy and 3а they do not form the subject of a measure for seizure or blocking of the reimbursement of their service checks.ddeling2. - Support for recognized service check -up businesses they can support their employees.4. The Brussels-Capital Region offers the recognized service checking companies the opportunity to financially support their employees during the Health Crisis COVID-19, and according to the following rules: 1а has the Brussels-Capital Region, through the issuing company, indirect support with a view to maintaining the Employees are employed by the employees in the article 3 in article 3, when these employees set up temporary unemployment areas following the Virus COVID-19 in the course of the period from 18 March 2020 to 30 April 2020; 2а the support referred to in 1а for every employee involved, is 2.50 euro bross per specified hour of temporary unemployment.Art. 5. For the purposes of this decision serving to be understood by "employees": all employees employed with an employment contract with the recognized service checking companies determined in Article 3, and for whom the same companies, during the period from 1 January 2019 to 29 February 2020, at least 1 Brussels service check was reimbursed as a consideration for the implementation of work performance by these employees.art.6. When the recognized service checking companies have received the support referred to in Article 4, transfer directly to the employees referred to in Article 5This payment to the employee with due observance of the legal obligations arising from the tax and social legislation. The recognized service check company that, although it has received the support, the amount concerned does not pay, fully or partially, risks in article 9, § risks 2, Sanctions referred to. Department 3. - Submission of the application for settlement of support and payment modalities art. 7. § 1. The recognized service check -up company as referred to in Article 3, at the latest on 15 May 2020, must apply for the liquidation of the support provided for in Article 4, and that according to the following procedure: 1а the recognizing service check -up is the electronic form available On the website of the board the address https://sprb.jotform.com/201053600630841 on with the following data: a) The recognition number of the recognized service checkboard; b) the name of the recognized service check company; c) the address of its social seat located in the Brussels-Capital Region; 2аde Recognized Service Check company, an Excel file adds an Excel file available on the website. The board that must be supplemented imperatively with the data regarding: a) The name, first name, address and the insz of every employee who was set in temporary unemployment times stated in Article 4, 1а; b) the total - Gedi Ffertially determined Permaand - of the stated hours of temporary unemployment for each of them.3а the recognized service check -up company also adds the Social Risks (ASR) declaration that was served for each employee to the social security, who all indicated hours of temporary unemployment for the relevant period united.§ 2. In the event that the Minister has taken the decision referred to in Article 10, if the recognized service check company still put its employees in temporary unemployment must be put into a temporary unemployment rate in the course of the month of May 2020, it must apply no later than 15 June 2020 at the latest for the sessions of the support referred to in Article 4, and reports to the board, at the address https://sprb.jotform.com/201053600630841, the elements as referred to in Article 7, § 1.2а and 3а, with the Information regarding the month of May 2020.Art. 8. The payment of all supports, commissioned by the board, carried out via the issuing company. The issuing company writes an invoice from "Corona: support to the companies" and another invoice "Corona: support for the preservation of the employment" and shares in the Board a bank account number specifically for debit thereof. These invoices must be charged at the basic allocation 16.009.38.01.31.31 of the general expenditure budget of the Brussels -Capital Region for the year 2020.The administration shares the list of the beneficiary and the recognized service checker units The amount that owes them to the issue company. The board communicates to each recognizing service voucher. The individual gross amount that must be paid to the employees for the support of support was submitted, as well as the total gross amount that received the recognized service check company, via the issuing company, To pay the Ste for the employees concerned, the issuing company deposits all amounts recognized to the beneficiary amounts to be degraded amounts within 7 working days from the receipt of the payment of the invoices referred to in the second member. The payment of the issuing company was received by the recognizing service Check company, and after A withholding tax of 26.75% was deducted, it is obliged to deposit the beneficiary employee referred to in Article 4 within 15 working days. § 1. For later checks, the board checks: 1а whether the number of hours indicated by the board effectively corresponds to the request for liquidation with the amounts received under the temporary unemployment of the employees; 2а or the owe of the support that is intended to retain the employment For the employees concerned, the recognized service check -up administrations that employ them.§ 2. Unlike administrative fine of 500 euros per employee who is not paid, the aid is paid in full or partially paid, the support is reclaimed from the failing recognized service voucher firm in a lot of was paid to the beneficiary employeeIn that case, the support is recovered:- or the issuing company that applies the compensation between the support of this Decree and the amounts owed to the recognized service check company in application of the Royal Decree of 12 December 2001 on the service checks;- either by by the board, by all legal remedies.§ 3. is punished with an administrative penalty of 50 to 100 euros, the recognized service check company that provides false or incorrect information in the framework of the application for settlement of the support referred to in Article 4. This fine is multiplied by the number involved employees. The provisions of the ordinance of 9 July 2015 holding harmonized rules concerning administrative fines determined in the field of employment and economy applies to the administrative fines introduced by this decision.§ 4. Article 10octions of the law of July 20, 2001 to B Evordering of neighborhood services and neighborhood courts applies to the decisions taken by the board for the implementation of this decision.Art. 10. In geval de gezondheidscrisis COVID-19 blijft duren met gevolgen voorde Brusselse sector van de dienstencheques, kan de minister beslissen om de in artikel 4, § 1,vermelde periode tot en met 31 mei 2020 te verlengen.HOOFDSTUK 3. - Bepaling tot Change art.11. Contrary to Article 8, § 1, second paragraph, of the Royal Decree of 12 December 2001 relevant The service checks, the amount of the regional intervention is temporarily increased by 2 euros. This increase applies to the service checks repaid to the recognized service check -in -house companies as determined in Article 1, first paragraph, 5а, of the Royal Decree of 12 December 2001 concerned service checks for the performance delivered during the period from March 18, 2020 to April 30 ,2020. To enjoy the increased intervention, the service checks must be at the no later than 30 June2020 The issuing company is offered for reimbursement. The performance delivered during this period must be carried out in accordance with the rules for protection and social distancing diezijn established by the ministerial decision of 23 March 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID -19. Final provisionsArt.12. This decision comes into effect on the day on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette.art.13. The minister is responsible for work charged with the implementation of this decision.brussel, 23APril 2020. For the Brussels-Capital Government: the Prime Minister of Hetbrussels-Capital Region, r. Vervoorte Minister of the Brussels -Capital Government Government Power for Work, b. Clerfayt