Publication: 2021-01-05Numac: 2020044602Brussels-Capital Region18 December 2020.-Ordinance to change the Code of the taxes equipped with the income taxes as a result of the new federal regulations regarding the registration of the motor vehicles and trailer of Brussels, and we , Reinforce government, which follows: Article 1. This ordinance regulates a matter as referred to in Article 39 of the Constitution.Art. 2. Article 5 of the Code of the taxes with a paragraph 3 with the income taxes is supplemented: «§ 3. The vehicles provided with an occupation place and the vehicles with a national plate are exempt from the tax. The exemption from the vehicles are exempt from the vehicles The referred to in the first paragraph does not apply if the taxpayer is a company, an autonomous government company or an association without profitable goal with leasing activities. ».Art. 3. In Article 96 of the same Code, the following changes are made: 1 ° in the first paragraph, the provision below is canceled by the law of 25 May 1993, restored as follows: «4 ° the vehicles referred to in Article 94, 1 °, with a professional plate or a national plate. "2 ° A member is inserted in between and third paragraph, it reads:« The exemption from the vehicle intended in the first paragraph, 4 ° does not apply if the taxpayer is a company, a autonomous government company or an association without a profitable purpose with Leasing activities is. ».Art.4. This ordinance comes into effect on January 1, 2021. This ordinance will be announced that it will be announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. Brussels, December 18, 2020. Deminister president of the Brussels-Capital Government, charged with territorial development and city renewal, tourism, the promotion of the image of Brussels and bicultural affairs of regional interests, r. Vervoorte Minister of the Brussels -Capital Government, taxed by mobility, public works and road safety, e. Van den Brandtde Minister of the Brussels -Capital Government, charged with climate transition, environment, energy and participation democracy, a. Maronde Minister of the Brussels -Capital Government, tax with finance, budget, public office, the promotion of multilingualism and of the image of Brussels, s.gatzde Minister of the Brussels -Capital Government, charged with work and vocational training, digitization and local boards, b . Clerfayt______notadocuments of parliament: ordinary session 2020-2021a-277/1 draft of Ordonnantiea-277/2 Report integral report: Discussion and contracting: Meeting of Friday, December 18 ,2020