Publication: 2020-06-29Numac: 202004191919federal Public Service Financial administration for policy expertise and support. - Regulation service. - Agreement in the mutual consultation between the competent authorities of Belgium and Luxembourg to grant the agreement mutual consultation of 19 May 2020 with regard to the situation of the frontier workers in the context of the fight against the spread of COVID-191. Introduction On 19 May 2020, an agreement in mutual consultation on the basis of Article 25, paragraph 3 of the agreement between the Kingdom of Belgium and the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg for the prevention of double tax entot regulation of some other matters regarding income and assets, and the relevant final protocol, signed on 19.09.1970, as amended by the Avenants from 11.12.2002 and 16.07.2009 (hereinafter the "Agreement"). This agreement was published in the Belgian Official Gazette of 29 May 2020, edition 1, bl. 38448. 2. Extension The agreement provides that the can be extended from 1 July 2020 until the end of each month if both competent authorities agree in writing at least one week before the start of the month. In this context, coming competent authorities of Luxembourg and Belgium, the application of the agreement will be extended up to and including 31 August 2020. 3. Announcement will be published in the Belgian Official Gazette. Agreed by the undersigned competent authorities on 19 June 2020: For the competent authority of Belgium: P. de Vos, advisor-general for the competent authority of Luxembourg: P. Toussing, director of the taxesPublication: 2020-06-26Numac: 2020041939federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products23 June 2020.-Royal Decree No. 34 implementing Article 5, § 1, 1 °, 2 °, and 6 ° of the Act of 27 March 2020 that authorization grants the king to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II), with a view to insuring and proper management of the drug stocks and extending the pharmacy permit report on Koningsire, I have the honor You hereby a draft Royal Decree to implement Article 5, § 1, 1 °, 2 °, and 6 ° of the Law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the King to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus Covid -19 (ii), with a view to insuring and proper management of the drug stocks and containing the extension of the pharmacy permits, to be submitted. The aim of the draft decision is to take the necessary measures to the U IT special crisis on the COVID-19 Pandemie that is currently confronted with our country. This crisis brings specific and serious problems in the field of Public Health with. The aims to determine two temporary measures for the state of the state of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemia on the Belgian territory and this at the latest March 31, 2021. de first measure aims to arrange the posting (including distribution and delivery) of non-licensed medicines for human use, obtained by the Belgian state (strategic drug supply) in response to the market failure of the licensed medicines. First place in Belgium licensed to be used. Taking this into account, the provision of non-licensed pharmaceutical alternatives is subject to strict conditions: an unavailability of the medicine licensed in Belgium, needed for the treatment of COVID-19, must be established. This disposition is limited to patients who are admitted to a hospital. Exceptional channel in Belgium Non-licensed medicine by a pharmacist, or by a hospital pharmacist in the framework of the hospital started or outpatient treatment of COVID-19, are delivered. to guarantee medicines, a special reporting obligation is imposed in the framework of pharmacovigilance as well as in the case of possible quality defects and this in addition to the general registered obligations under the pharmacist and the hospital pharmacist. In view of the daard of this exceptional provision of a non-licensed medicine, the responsibilities of the health care practitioners concerned are laid down in this context. Slotte is extended the validity of location permits in order to make use of the holders. These permits concern the transfer of a Pharmacy or the merger of pharmacies, and so that the holder can use, in many cases construction or renovation works are required. The agency states that many permit holders are in trouble due to the reduced economic activity and would have to apply for a permit again without extension of the validity of these permits. On 17 June 2020, Deraad van State provided advice on the draft. The comments from the Vanstate Council were followed with the exception of the comment on the included delegations in Articles2, § 3, and 4, § 2, second paragraph, of the draft. The Council of State doubts the individual character of these decisions. This position cannot be followed. These delegations to the Minister or are the representative (non-regulatory) technical data and modalities (such as, among other things, the storage conditions of the medicine in question), comparable to these included in a permit for the marketing of a licensed medicine. By analogy with these permits, these decisions are not regulated. I have the honor of being honor, Sire, Vanuwe Majesty, the very respectful and very faithful servant, the Minister of Health, with the Blockraad of State Department Legislation Advice 67590/3 of 17 June 2020 on a draft Royal Decree `to implement Article 5, § 1, 1 °, 2 °, and 6 ° of the Law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the King to take measures in the battle against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II), with a view to insurance and the good management of drug stocks and extending the pharmacy permits' On 10 June 2020, the Council of State, Department of Legislation, was requested by the Minister of Health a period of five working days to provide advice on a draft Royal Decree 'to implement Article 5, § 1, 1 °, 2 °, and 6 ° of the Law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the King to take measures In the fight against the distribution of the Coronaviruscovid-19 (II), with a view to insuring and proper management of the drug stocks and keeping the pharmacy permits'. The design was investigated by the third chamber 16Juni 2020. The Chamber was composed of Jo Baert, Chamber President, Jeroen van Nieuwenhove and Koen Muylle, State Councils, Jan Velaers and Bruno Peeters, Assessors, and Annemie Goossens, Registrar. The reports issued by Rein Thielemans, first Auditeur. The agreement between the French and Dutch Text of the advice was checked under the supervision of Jeroen van Nieuwenhove, State Council. The advice, the text of which follows below, was given on 17 June 2020.1. Since the request for advice is supported on Article 4, third paragraph, of the Law of 27 March 2020 `That authorization granted the King to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus Covid-19 (i) ', which refer to article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws on the Vanstate Council, coordinated on January 12, 1973, the Department had to limit itself to the investigation of the legal basis of the draft, the authority of the author of the action and the pre -truly formal requirements. Regarding those three points, the design gives rise to the following comments. Making the design 2.1. The design stretch submitted for advice to the minister authorized for public health (hereinafter: the Minister) or his representative authorized to, in the event of a unavailable medicine that is recorded by the Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products (hereinafter: FAGG) of a medicine granted in Belgium is meant to be for the treatment of COVID-19, either as a supporting therapy in the treatment of COVID-19s for which no licensed pharmaceutical alternative is available, a non-licensed pharmaceutical alternative that is from the strategic drug stock, to be treated from patient who In a hospital, contrary to Article 6, § 1, first paragraph, of the Act of 25 March 1964 "on the medicines" (hereinafter: Medicines Act) (Article 2, § 1, of the design). The minister or his representative is also authorized to make an alternative available in a before the publicly opened pharmacy (Article 2, § 2), at the request of a pharmacies after submission of a medical regulation. In both cases, the minister or his representative determines the therapeutic indications of the alternative and can adopt the further rules of detailing (Article 2, § 3). The minister or his delegate a wholesaler in medicines for human use that is responsible for the distribution from the alternative to the hospital pharmacy or the pharmacy that is open to the public (Article 3). The alternative that is delivered by the hospital pharmacist must be prescribed by a doctor and must be administered in the hospital or in the context of a COVID or ambulatory treatment started in the hospital or ambulatory treatment -19 (Article 4). The (hospital) pharmacist must state the alternatives in the register and must communicate the state of affairs of the consumption of the alternatives at the request of the FAGG (Article 5). Rules regarding the responsibility of the Belgian State, the (hospital) pharmacists are determined the prescribing doctor for the alternatives (Article 6) and on the reporting of presumed preserving or unexpected side effects and of suspicions of counterfeits or quality defects (Article7). The determination of infringements by staff members of the FAGG is regulated (Article 8), as well as the criminal fines for these infringements (Article 9). The articles1 to 7 of the decision to be taken enter into force on (read: have elaboration with effect from) 13 March2020 and take place on the date of the announcement of the end of the state of the COVID-19 epidemic to the Belgian territory and no later than 31 March 2021Articles 8 and 9 of the decision steps to be taken in operation on the day of the announcement of the decision to be taken in the Belgian Official Gazette and Buitenstreken on the same day as stipulated for Articles 1 to 7 (Article 11, §§1 and 2 ) .2.2. In addition, the design also provides for the extension of the expiry period of two years within which the holder must use a permit for the opening, the transfer or the merger of a pharmacy opened to the public (Article 10). That provision comes into effect (read: has effect from) March 13, 2020 and will be out of operation on the date of the end of the end of the state of the COVID-19 epidemic on the Belgian territory and no one as a result of 31 March 2021 (article 11, § 3). Rechtsgrond3. The designed decision of the right of finds in Article 5, § 1, 1 °, 2 ° and 6 ° (1), of the law of 27 March 2020 `that authorizes the king to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the coronavuscovid- 19 (II) '. Based on that provision, the king, in order to make Belgium possible to respond to the COVID-19 epidemic or Pandemie and its consequences, to take measures to take the further distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 among the population against including the enforcement of public health and public order (1 °), in order to safeguard the necessary logistics and reception capacity, including the security of supply, or to provide it in addition (2 °) and the periods of the law by law to suspend or extend in accordance with the decisive periods (6 °). The decisions that contain the aforementioned measures may also eliminate, supplement or replace the applicable legal provisions in accordance with Article5, § 2, of that law, even on matters who expressly preserves the Constitution to the Act, as well as the administrative, civil and criminal sanctions for certain violations of those decisions. Forms requirements 4 provisions of the draft seem to have to be considered a technical regulation in the meaning of Article 1 (1) (F), of Directive (EU) 2015/1535 of the European Parliament and the Council of 9 September 2015 `concerning An information procedure in the field of technical regulations and rules relevant the services of the information society ', so that it must be notified to the European Commission in accordance with Article 5 (1) of that Directive. The authorized representative stated in that context: "The draft will be registered with the European Commission on the basis of Directive (EU) 2015/1535. This registration will use the urgency exception as provided for in Article 6 (7) of the first paragraph, A of the Directive. "The waiting period of (at least) three months before the declaration can be taken, in which Article 6 (1) of the Directive Voorziet does indeed do not apply, in accordance with paragraph 7 of that article, as a Member State for urgent Reasons of a serious and unforeseen situation that is related to the protection of (among other things) the summary of people, must work out technical regulations in the very short term and must determine and enter this immediately, without consulting. In that case, the notification of the Commission is still required; The announcement must be stated in the announcement. The Commission then expresses as soon as possible about the communication. When registering with the European Commission, the urgency of its approval must therefore be explained to answer the not to observe the prescribed waiting period. General remarks. The question arises as to whether the designed regulation compatible is with Directive 2001/83/EC (2), among other things, to the extent that the fundamental obligation is to have a permit for the marketing of a medicine, contained in Article6 (1), First paragraph, of that guideline. In the directive itself there are two potentially relevant provisions, namely Article 5 (1) and 2) that read as follows: "1. A Member State may, corresponding legislation and to meet special needs, the provisions of the The present requirement in the present regard to medicines that are delivered as a result of a bonafide order on the own initiative of an officially recognized professional practitioner in health care, and who are prepared according to his specifications and are intended for use by patients who fall under his direct, personal responsibility.2Member States may grant temporary permission for the distribution of medicines for which no license has been granted on the market, to prevent the alleged or found distribution of pathogens, toxins, chemical agents ofnuclear radiation that can cause damage. " Article5 (1) of Directive 2001/83/EC stated the authorized representative: "Article 5, paragraph1 of Directive 2001/83/EC applies in our opinion (...). After all, the non-licensed drugs are made available from the strategic reserve, but only delivered on the basis of a regulation within a hospital context (art. 2, § 1 draft KB), or based on a request from a pharmacist, after submission of A medical prescription (art. 2, §1 draft KB). In both cases, it is therefore requested [OM] that were initiated on the initiative of a health care practitioner, intended for use by patients who fall under his direct, personal responsibility. It is the settled case law of the court and the Court of Justice (see cases T-301/ 12 Laboratoires CTRS t. Commission, 3 July 2013, and C-185/10, Commission t. Poland, 29Maart 2012) that the exception of Article 5 (1) of the Directive for Restrictive should be interpreted (Commission t. Poland, r.o. 31 and 32). However, when one checks which cumulative criteria emphasize in the application of Article 5 (1) Directive, it is established that there is no individual attention to whether there is really an 'order from the prescriber' or 'detailed specifications of the prescriber' available . However, the Court of Appeal requires committee t. Poland, that the following conditions are cumulatively fulfilled to make a correct application of Article 5 (1) of the Directive: (i) 'special needs' only refers to individual situations that reside assembled, and implies that the drug is necessary to provide the needs Of the patients (r.o. 34) (ii) the requirement that the medicines are delivered to a "bona fide order on its own initiative" implies that the medicine is prescribed by a doctor after an actual examination of his own patients on the basis of purely therapeutic considerations ( r.o. 35) The Court of Appeal therefore summarizes it as follows: `From the assembly of the conditions formulated in Article 5 (1) of Directive 2001/83, read against the background of the essential objectives of this directive, in particular the protection of Public Health, it follows that the exception to this provision can only relate Having in situations where the doctor is of the opinion that the health status of his own patients requires them a drug that it is not available on the national market and of which no permitted equivalent top is present this market '(r.o. 36, we underline) At any time it is required that the doctor's composition of the medicine describes in detail. In laboratoires CTRS, these principles are repeated again and it is also indicated that this exception should be made per category of drug jugs and should not be done by case ( Laboratoires CTRS, r.o. 50). On the basis of these elements we believe that Article 5 (1) Directive [and the conversion provision thereof, namely] Article 6quater, § 1, first paragraph, 1 °, of the Medicines Act may be rightly invoked. " With regard to Article 5 (2) of Directive 2001/83/EC, the authorized thing again stated the following: "These measures are taken in the context of the sanitary crisis. The crisis is caused by the spread of the virus. This has led to market failures of different -resident medicines necessary for the treatment of COVID patients, but these medicines in itself do not have an indication to prevent the spread of the virus. This concerns essential drugs under VHB for which alternatives are found in urgency because the offer has fallen away. "5.2. Regarding Article 5 (1) of Directive 2001/83/EC, the argumentation of the authorized representative seems plausible, Partly in view of the case law cited. Regarding Article 5 (2) of Directive 2001/83/Egmeent, the Council of State still had to question the certainty with which the authorized representation seems to reject applicability of that provisionFrom the comparison of the Dutch, French, English and German language versions of that directive determination, it is clear in advance that the objective in it ("To prevent the alleged or found distribution of pathogens, toxins, chemical agents or nuclear radiation that can cause damage, ") Not refers to the drugs itself, but on granting temporary permission for the distribution of non-licensed medicines. Medicines for the treatment of COVID-19 patients can indeed contribute to the contrary to the distribution of COVID-19, Just because there seem to be indications that healed patients can no longer rise and cannot spread any further, because they contribute to the increase in group immunity. (3) Partly in view of the apparently scarce application practice of this directive provisions and the subsequent uncertainty to be able to appeal in this specific case, it is highly advisable to ask the European Commission about the possibilities of these provisions, according to it All the more so since the authorized representative reports analog initiatives in other Member States for which compatibility with European law is probably also available. (4) The tris report announced by the authorized representative (see comment 4) can be used for this.b. Article 2 of the draft arranges two cases in which an alternative can be delivered, namely by a hospital pharmacist for administration in the hospital and pharmacy open to the public. In addition, Article 4, § 2, second paragraph, provides for the design in the possibility of delivery of an alternative by the hospital pharmacist in the framework of a hospital started in the hospital or ambulatory treatment. The authorized representative stated about the most appropriate possibility: "By outpatient treatment is meant COVID-19 patients, for which no hospitalization is required and who are treated at home, in a retirement home or institution. Ambulatory treatment must be explicitly stated in Article 2 of the draft, preferably by adding them to paragraph2 of that Article.7. The draft contains several delegations to the minister or his representative (5), of which it is not always clear whether they are of a regulatory nature or have individual decisions. The authorized representative provided the following overview: "Art. 2, § 3: Individual. This delegation concerns further rules for the provision of a non-licensed medicine (per 'type' medicine) and the rules regarding use, etc. This delegation is which is not intended for each individual posting to each patient. Art. 4, §2, second paragraph: individual. Idem as with Article 2, § 3.Art. 7, § 2, second end of paragraph. Idem as with Article 2, § 3 and art. 4, § 2. "7.1. With regard to the delegations in Article 7, § 2, second and third paragraph, of the draft, it can be assumed, other grid as for the delegations in Article 2, §§ 1 and 2, of the draft that it concerns individual decisions that are not General regulations. 7.2. With regard to the delegations in Articles 2, § 3, and 4, § 2, second paragraph, of the draft, the Council Vanstate doubts strongly that they relate to individual decisions. After all, it concerns general rules, even though they relate to a specific medicine (or rather: alternative), which apply mainly prescribing doctors and to all pharmacists who make it available. The delegation of the minister can still be acceptable to the extent that the involves implementing measures of the other or a detailed nature and the rules are laid down by a ministerial decision, but for a delegation of this regulatory authority to his representative, the intended rules show one policy -based character, apart from the missing regulation of the announcement of such rules. This conclusion applies Incidentally, also for the "instructions" that the minister or his delegate tunes give to the (hospital) pharmacists, in accordance with Articles 6, § 1, and 7, §2, third paragraph, of the draft, to the extent that those instructions have a broader application then an individual case (which seems to be the case for the first -mentioned O ntworpen determination) .8. Insommige provisions of the design are mentioned a (non) licensed medicine or alternative, (6), while in other provisions a medicine or alternative is reported (not) in Belgium. (7) In the interest of legal certainty, this would be better made uniform, without prejudice to comment 10. Research of the Text Sordon9The decisions taken in the implementation of the two Special Female laws of 27 March 2020 were numbered as so. Although such a numbering is not required legally, if the Stellers want to continue use, the inscription will have to be adjusted in that sense. When asked whether after the establishment of the unavailability of a medicine licensed in Belgium, in accordance with Article 2, § 1, of the draft, it could not be checked first whether there is any other Member State of the European Union. Pharmaceutical alternative is available to what Voorrang can be granted over a pharmaceutical alternative that is not licensed in any Member State, the authorized representative stated the following: "The strategic drug supply contains non-licensed agents that, as a result of the established inexalions on the Belgian market of medicines, necessary for the COVID treatment treatment 19 patients, were obtained by the Belgian State in the framework for the fight against the SARS-COV2 pandemie. The distribution from this stock to hospitals, among other things, takes place by the hand [of] figure models, in which priority is given [to] medicines that either in Belgium or in another EU member state have been licensed. Ascade, as described above, is, in view of the manner of the distribution, not necessary. "11. in Article 2, § 1, of the design writers for the sake of clarity" medicine for human use "instead of" medicine "(see After all, also the mention in Article 3 of the draft). article 612. Article 6 of the draft contains a number of provisions on the responsibility of the Belgian State, the (hospital) pharmacist and the prescribing doctor for the alternatives. The demand rice whether there should be no provisions about the responsibility of the wholesaler, in view of the role he is assigned to Article 3 of the draft. Article 713. In the French text of Article 7, § 1, third paragraph, of the design of the "Effets Secondaires" design (as in the first and second paragraph) instead of "Effets Indéirbles". article 814. The authorized representative confirmed that in Article 8 of the draft it is better to refer to the supervisory powers and the powers on the Drawing up an official report, as regulated in Article 14, §§ 2 and 3, of the Medicines Act.15. In accordance with Article 8, § 2, of the draft, the determination of infringements in an authentic report (read: official report) applies to proof of the contrary. The couplers of the design must be able to account for, in the light of the principle of equality, why the general rule is deviated from that an official report applies as a mere information. Article 1016. In the Dutch text of Article 10 of the design, "one is mentioned permit as referred to in, and determined under "Article 9 of the coordinated law of 10 May 2015" concerning the exercise of the health care professions ", while the French text refers to" une authorization visée à ". The two language versions must be coordinated. Article 1117.1. The retroactive effect until March 13, 2020, of Article 11, § 1, of the draft is granted to Articles 1 to 7 of the decision to be taken, is justified by the authorized representative: "Art. 2 (2) of the law of 27 -March 2020 allows retroactive effect, which, however, that cannot go beyond March 1, 2020, is being granted to the measures taken under this law. That due to the unprecedented seriousness of the breached state was forced to take exceptional measures such as the construction and distribution of one-strategic stock non-licensed medicines to protect public health. That the Ene's Sleeping to regularize these legitimate measures and on the other hand to arrange possible new exceptional measures for a second or third outbreak. "The retroactive effect to Article 11, § 3, of the draft is granted to Article 10 of the decision to be taken, is justified by the authorized representative: "Art. 2, li d 2, of the Law of 27 March 2020laat, that retroactive effect, which cannot go further than 1 March 2020, is granted on the basis of this law taken. Location permits fell from March 13, 2020 because the holders could not use it because the construction or renovation works of the new or merger pharmacy stil came to be taken by the government. It therefore fits to make this measure start on the day of the starting of the measures to guarantee the equal treatment of the permit holdersIn the opposite case, permit holders whose permit is expensive for the entry into force of this Decree, but as a result of the restriction measures, forced to make an application again on the basis of the Spreading Act, and the those whose permit fallen the entry into force as a result of the delay by the measures, Being able to enjoy an extension of validity. There is no justification for such a difference in consideration. "17.2. As the Council of State has already explained in advice 67.142/AV of 25 March 2020 on a bill that has led to the two special features of 27 March 2020, the authorization can be made to the Queen Article 2, second paragraph, of these laws to take measures with retroactive effect (although restricted until 1 March 2020), it is not understood that the legislator can allow the king to grant retroactive force in circumstances in which the legislator himself cannot do without it to ignore the principle of constitutional legislation. (8) The non-retro activity of laws, including tebasic specialization decisions, is a guarantee to prevent legal uncertainty. The guarantee that the contents of the entitled and accessible are, so that the litigation of the litigation is reasonably the consequences of the consequences of the consequences A certain action can be provided at the time that action becomes Richt. The retroactive effect can only be justified if it is indispensable for the achievement of an objective of general interest. (9) There is no objection to the retroactive force granted to Article 10 of the Decree to be taken, in view of its beneficial effect, which is also consistent with an objective of general interest, namely the continuity of the services provided by the pharmacies. Articles 1 to 7 of the draft contain various provisions that are conditions or obligations for private individuals. Even though the procedure in which certain action is followed in the facts that are only confirmed later and retroactively in legal rules, in principle out of the question, the retroactive effect can, in view of the exceptional circumstances that are discussed here, brightened. After all, it can be assumed that the successful treatment of COVID-19 patients pending a legislative framework that makes it possible to administer necessary maarniet-licensed medicines is an objective of general interest. For factual actions and events have not occurred in the period in the past for which the retroactive power is granted. Insofar as, for example, the keeping of registers in accordance with Article 5, § 1, of the design has not been systematically taken, a transitional arrangement must be elaborated for this with a modified deadline after the announcement of the decision to be taken.slot marking18.Gelet on Article 7, second and third party paragraph, of the law of 27 March 2020 `that authorization grants Dekoning to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II) ', the decision to be taken by law must be ratified within a period of a period of a period years from the entry into force, otherwise it will never be deemed to have had an effect. The clerk, Annemiegoosenszense Chairman Jo Baert _____________s1 This point 6 ° offers specific legal basis for Article 10 of the designed decision. 2 Directive 2001/83/EGvan the European Parliament and the Council of 6 November 2001 `Determining a Community Code relevant medicines for human use '3 The preparatory works of the directive determination not to make clear what exactly was intended by it . The amendment 24 that has led to the cited second paragraph by the European Parliament-adopted does not contain any further explanation in this regard (Report of the Environmental Management, Public Health and Consumer Policy Committee, Piece A5-0340/2002, 15-16), while in the amended proposal of The committee, in which that amendment was taken over, is mentioned from the "strengthening of the means to respond to the threat of bioterroristic attacks" (COM (2003) 163 definitively, 3-4). However, it cannot be deduced from this that this directive determination could be non-relevant in the context of the COVID-19 Pandemie.4 In the recent communication of the Commission of 8 April 2020 ("Guidelines on the optimal and rational supply of medicines shortages during the outbreak to prevent COVID-19 ", C (2020) 2272 Final) is in any case fulfilled the relationship with the fundamental permit obligation in Directive 2001/83/EC5 Datis, in accordance with Article 1, § 2, of the draft, the Administrator General of the FAGG or the other staff members of the FAGG that the Minister designates as a representative. 6 See the articles 1, 5 °, (read: 1, § 1, 5 °) and 6, § 2, of the draft.7 see Article2, § 1, of the draft, but later in that provision will be a "again" licensed pharmaceutical alternative "mentioned.8 Parl.st. Chamber, 2019-20, no. 55-1104/002, 15 (comment 11.2). 9-proof case law of the Constitutional Court, see, among others: GWH 21 November 2013, no. 158/2013, B.24.2; GWH 19 December 2013, no. 172/2013, B.22; GWH January 29, 2014, no. 18/2014, B.10; GWH October 9, 2014, nr. 146/2014, B.10.1; GWH January 22, 2015, no. 1/2015, B.4; GWH 7 May 2015, no. 54/2015, B.12; GWH 14Januari 2016, no. 3/2016, B.22; GWH 3 February 2016, no. 16/2016, B.12.1; GWH 28 April 2016, no. 58/2016, B.9.2; GWH 9 February 2017, no. 15/2017, B.9.2. 23 June 2020. - Royal Decree No. 34 implementing Article 5, § 1, 1 °, 2 °, and 6 ° of the Law of 27 March 2020, authorization grants the king to take measures in the fight against the spread of it Coronavirus COVID-19 (II), With a view to insuring and proper management of the drug stocks and extending the pharmacy permit Filip, King of the Belgians, are on Allendie and will be here, our greeting on the law of 27 March 2020 that authorization grants the king to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronaviruscovid-19 (ii), Article 5, § 1, 1 °, 2 ° and 6 °; Having been given to the advice of the Finance InspectieVan, given on 28 May 2020; Having regard to the agreement of the Minister of Budget, given on 5 June 2020; in view of the impact analysis of the regulations, carried out in accordance with articles6 and 7 of the Act of 15 December 2013 containing various provisions on administrative simplification; p the advice 67.590/3 of the Council of State, given on 17 June 2020, in application of Article 4, third paragraph, of the Law of 27 March 2020, authorizing the King to take measures in the fight against the distribution of The Coronavirus COVID -19 (I); On the nomination of Onzeminister of Health and on the advice of our ministers met in Council, we have decided and we decide: Title I. - Medicines department 1. - posting of non -licensed drug article 1. In addition to the Definitions referred to in the Act of 25 March1964 on the medicines, for the application of this Decree, is understood to mean: 1 ° "Hospital": a hospital, as described in Article 2 of the Coordinated Act of 10 July 2008 at the hospitals and other care establishments, Including the hospitals operated by the ministry Vandefensie; 2 ° "doctor": the practitioner of medicine, as referred to in Article 3, §1, of the coordinated law of 10 May 2015 on the exercise of the health care professions; 3 ° "Hospital Pharmacy": a hospital officina, as referred to in Article 2 , a), of the decree of 19 October 1978 containing rules concerning the officinas and the drug depots the care facilities; 4 ° "Pharmacy opened to the public": licensed pharmacy contracting the provisions of Article 18 of the law on the exercise of the health care professions, coordinated on May 10, 2015; 5 ° "alternative": non-licensed drugs referred to in Article2, § 1, of this Decree "strategic drug supply": the stock of venic drugs obtained by the Belgian State and intended to, in the case of crisis situations, unavailable of medicines to be absorbed; 7 ° "Fagg": Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products, as referred to in the law of 20 July 2006 on the establishment and effect of the Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products; 8 ° "Law": the law of 25 March 1964 on the medicines; 9 ° "the minister": the minister who is among the public health among his has jurisdiction or his representative.§ 2. The administrator general of the FAGG will be the point of view of the Minister for the application of this Decree. The minister can also indicate other staff members of the FAGG representative, stating the boundary of the powers delegated to them. Art. 2.§ 1By way of derogation from Article 6, § 1, first paragraph, of the Act, in the event of a unavailability of a medicine for human use being granted by the FAGG, may or as a supporting therapy in the treatment of COVID-19 and for which no licensed pharmaceutical alternative is available, the minister or his representatives non-licensed pharmaceutical alternative that comes from the strategic drug supply, make patients who are treated in a hospital, in the context From a hospital started or outpatient treatment of COVID-19. § 2. At the request of a pharmacist and after the submission of a medical prescription, the minister or his representative can make an alternative available in a pharmacy open to the public. The pharmacist directs request for the FAGG. § 3. In the event of posting referred to in paragraphs1 and 2, the minister or his representative determines the therapeutic indications of the alternative. He can determine the further rules of this posting. Art. 3. The distribution of the alternative to the hospital's hospital pharmacy or the pharmacy opened to the public is commissioned by the minister or his representative, by a wholesaler in medicines for human use by him or his representative. Art. 4. § 1. The alternative can only be delivered by the hospital pharmacist insofar as it is prescribed by a doctor. § 2. The alternative is delivered by the hospital pharmacist and administered in the hospital. In deviation from the first paragraph of this section, the Minister of his representative can determine the conditions and further rules under which the hospital pharmacisteen can deliver alternative in the context of one in the Hospital started or outpatient treatment of COVID-19. Art. 5. § 1. The hospital pharmacist states the alternatives in the register referred to in Article 34bis, § 1, of the Royal Decree of 31 May 1885 containing new teachings for the doctors, the pharmacists and the drugstores. The pharmacist mentioned the alternatives in the register referred to in Article 34, § 1, of the Royal Decree of 21 January 2009 containing instructions for pharmacists. § 2. At the request of the FAGG, the hospital pharmacist and the pharmacist will communicate the state of affairs of the consumption of the alternatives within a period of two days after the receipt of this request to the Fagg.art.6. § 1. Contrary to the provisions laid down by and pursuant to Article 13 of the Act, the quality of the alternatives guarantees. The wholesaler in medicines, referred to in Article 3, is responsible for the distribution of the alternative in accordance with the delegate in accordance with the instructions communicated by the Minister or the instructions communicated by the manufacturer. They store the alternative in accordance with the instructions communicated by the minister or his representative and the instructions communicated by the manufacturer. § 2. The doctor who prescribes an alternative within the indications determined under Article 2, § 3, cannot be held liable for the fact that the drug is not licensed. 7. § 1. The treating physician, the hospital pharmacist and the pharmacist reports any suspected serious or unexpected side effect at the FAGG. In addition, the treating physician, the hospital pharmacist and the pharmacist report every probably every 14 days to the Fagg. The reports referred to in the first and second paragraph are based on the form for the report of side effects. 2. The treating physician, the hospital pharmacist and the pharmacist report each suspicion of falsification or any suspicion of a lack of quality of the medicine (s) referred to in Article 2, § 1 and2 within 24 hours after its adoption of it Fagg. The hospital pharmacist and the pharmacist also place the medicine or medicines in quarantine ending pending instructions from the minister or his representative. After receipt of the first paragraph, the minister or his delegate, after advice from the FAGG, probably gives a risk For the public health of the medicine in question, instructions to Deziekenhuisapothekers and pharmacists. Department 2. - Control and penalty determination art. 8.§ 1. Without prejudice to the powers of the judicial police officers, the statutory designated, or in the absence thereof, practiced contractual staff members of a contract of an indefinite duration, of the FAGG, supervise the application of the Vandeze Title application by carrying out inspections, if necessary, unannounced§ 2. Without prejudice to the powers of the judicial police officers, the statutory or contractual staff intended in § 1 may, with decent identification certificates, make the use of their assignment powers and the powers regarding the preparation of an official report, such as those are regulated in Article 14, § 2 and 3, of the Act. Art. 9. Every donation in violation of the provisions of this Decree acts, is punished with a criminal penalty tan 50 to 5,000 euros. Title II. - Location permit. 10. The expiry period of two years within which the holder must make use of a permit as referred to in and permitted, Article 9 of the Act on the exercise of the Health Care Professions, coordinated top 10 May 2015, and which will lapse after 13 March 2020, is extended with Four months.titel III. Final and transitional provisions art. 11. § 1. Articles 1 to 6 of this Decree, with the exception of the provisions in Article 5, § 1, enter into force on the date of 13 March2020 and take effect on the date of the end of the end of the state of the Coronaviruscovid-19 Epidemia on the Belgian territory and no later than 31 March 2021. § 2. The articles 5 § 1, 7, 8 and 9 of this Decree enter into force on the day on which it is announced and occurs in the Belgian Staatsblad of operation on the date of the announcement of the end of the condition of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemia on the Belgian territory and no later than 31 March 2021.§ 3. With regard to the non-licensed medicines, which from 13 March 2020 to the day The decision in the Belgian Official Gazette is made available to be made available, a dismissive doctor, the hospital pharmacist and the pharmacist over a period of 15 days from the day on which this decision in the Belgian Official Gazette WO announced, to comply with their respectively obligations under Article 7. In deviation from the first paragraph, the treatment doctor, the hospital pharmacist and the pharmacist have to count on a period of 30 days from the day on which decis is made in the Belgian Official Gazette for The suspected side effects, with the exception of the side effects referred to in Article 7, § 1, first paragraph, of this Decree, to report.§ 4. Title II of this Decree will take effect on 13 March 2020 and will take effect on the date of the announcement From the end of the state of the Coronavirus Covid-19 Epidemia in the Belgian territory and no later than 31 March 2021.Art. 12. The minister competent for public health charged with the implementation of this decision in Brussels, 23 June 2020. Filipvannoning: the Minister of Health, m. De BlockPublication: 2020-06-29NUMAC: 2020041950Federal Public Service Public Health, Safety of the Food Chain and Leefmilieu26 June 2020.-Royal Decree No. 44 concerning the joint data processing by Sciensano and the contacts and the competent agencies or by the competent agencies and contacts and the competent agencies and Mobile teams in the context of a contact survey among persons who are (presumably) infected with the Coronavirus COVID-19 on the basis of a database at Sciensanoverlagaan de Koningsire, in the context of the COVID-19 Health crisis in Belgium, the Royal Decree no. 18 A database was established from 4 May 2020 at Sciensano, the Belgian Institute of Public Health. This contains specific data, necessary for the detection and contact of deprocated persons, for the realization of scientific, statistical and/or policy support investigations and for the completion of the assignments of the health inspection services of the Communities Regions in the context of initiatives to expand harmful effects , caused by infectious diseases, to prevent the Royal Decree no. 18 of 4 May 2020, however, held effect on 4 June 2020. Since it was great for achieving the aforementioned purposes that the database was also after that date (temporarily) if such a could continue to exist, the Royal Decree no. 25 was approved to maintain it until 30 June 2020. In its advisory number. 67,425/3 of 26 May 2020 on a bill `establishing a database at Sciensano in the context of the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 ', the content of which is almost the content of Royal Decree No 18, 18, the legislation of the legislation of State formulates, among other things, following considerations and conclusions: "The detection of COVID-19-BESSFECTIONS (...] to the competence of the communities. That authority also includes the establishment of a regulation for the protection of the protection of the protection of the protection of the protection of protection Natural persons in the processing of Personal Data Dienaar Get Red reason for that investigation are collected. To the extent that the bill submitted for advice provides rules with regard to the processing of that personal data, the community competence in preventive health care is therefore entering. , § 2, of the bill in rules is provided with regard to the assignments and the working method from the contact center that is charged with the detection of COVID-19-Bes making. These rules also belong to the community authority on preventive health care. The processing of the personal data in the database is also done in the context of the federal powers on scientific research [...]. In that respect, the surveillance activities with which Sciensano is taxable is taxed by Article 4 of the Act of 25 February 2018 `establishing Sciensano '. The conclusion therefore that the bill relates to both federal and community powers. In addition, the two aspects in the proposed regulation appear to be closely linked. The bill submitted for advice can only be passed in its current form if it would be formed into a cooperation agreement for which parliamentary approval is required. "The consultation committee of 30 May 2020 then made the following decision:" In the light of the Council of State's advice concerning the bill on tracing and the database, it was decided to conclude a cooperation agreement. "Deinterministerial Conference Public Health worked one Design of the Cooperation Agreement between the Federalestate, the Flemish Community, the Walloon Region, the German -speaking Community and the Common Community Commission, concerning the joint data processing by Sciensano and the authorities or the competent agencies Contact centers indicated, health inspections mobile teams in the context of a contact survey among persons who are (presumably) infected with the coronaviruscovid-19 on the basis of a database at Sciensano. This design was approved by the consultation committee on 25 June 2020 after which the Procedure for the approval Due to the Different Regulations and Parliaments of the Little States, the Royal Decree no. 18 as amended by Royal Decree No. 25 of 28 May 2020, however, holds on to 30 June 2020. Since it is to achieve the aforementioned purposes of large The importance is that the database cook can continue to exist as such after that date, it is proposed to enforce it 15 October 2020. The period for deleting the personal data is adjusted accordingly (20 October 2020 instead of July 5, 2020)Because of the continuity of the contact detections in function of avoiding a legal vacuum, this royal decree aims to provide a temporary regulation that keeps the advisory 67.425/3 to the possible account to the advice 67.425/3 t.e.m.67.427/3 and 67.424/3 of the Council van State and no. 42/2020 and 49/2020 of the data protection authority. The content of the present decision is almost identical to the content of the aforementioned design of the collaboration agreement, which are presented to the Council of State and the Data Protection Authority Sales. March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization (WHO) has declared the outbreak of the SARS-COV-2 virus, which causes the COVID-19 disease, to a pandemic. Also Belgia is not saved from this pandemic. In the context of the COVID-19 Health crisis and to combat a more distribution of the disease, the National Security Council, in which, in addition to the federal government's representatives, representatives of the federal states were taxed in order to take each other in accordance with the further to limit the spread of COVID-19.1. Although general objectives of the contacts of infected persons and encouraging these contacts to take the necessary measures, is crucial to prevent new infections that Devolks health threaten. Contact research and detection can be used in various ways. The most obvious methods are manual and digital contact detection. An of the necessary measures in the manual contact examination is the early detection of person-to-be infected with COVID-19 or of which there is a serious suspicion that they are infected with Covid-19, so that they are infected, so that they are infected, so that they are infected, so that The necessary recommendations can be given to these persons (home isolation, telecommuting, etc.) to prevent them from infecting other people with the SARS-COV-2 virus. Since this forms a task of preventive healthcare, its authority is due to the federal states. Signal contagiousness of the SARS-COV-2 virus, it is also necessary to check with which persons the infected person presumably infected person has been in contact (contact detection ), so that these spends necessary recommendations can also be given (testing, limiting contacts and so on) to prevent a rider distribution of COVID-19. These tasks of contact detection also fall under the manual contact examination. Here too, this forms a task of preventive health care that resorts under the material competence of the federal states. Tracing the COVID-19-BesTingsdan also belongs to the competence of the communities. This authority also includes determining a regulation for the protection of natural persons in the processing of personal data that is collected as a result of that investigation. In order to ensure that the data processing of this manual contact study in the whole of Belgium runs uniform, Sciensano, Belgian Institute for Public Health, was instructed to collect health and contact details of patients from doctors, laboratories and to process in one central database. Central database is necessary, given the mobility of the citizens through the various states. Maintaining a different data banks per state should therefore mean that databases should interact with each other on the moment that such movements occur. In the practical field, this interacting could ensure a delayed effect of the contact centers, where other states should be waited for input. In addition, passing on personal data between different decentralized databases regularly entails a much greater risk of data breaches. Because of this reasons, the advice of the Data Protection Authority to set up decentralized databases, not being finished. With a view to a safer and more efficient policy, this decision aims to first of all provide de -Juridic basis for this central database. This database at Sciensano, which is established by means of this decision (hereinafter "Datatensbank I"), will provide for the exchange of data With the databases, which are set up to support the contact centers indicated by the competent regional governments or by the competent agencies. The latter - also centrally hosted data benches (hereinafter "Databas III and IV") - are also established by means of this decisionTo allow the health inspection services and the mobile teams to allow them to be able to properly exercise the tasks entrusted to them (including identifying and tracing outbreaks of COVID-19 and Clusters, taking measures on the spot in the spot of COVID-19 outbreaks and clusters) , it is also necessary that an exchange of the data between the Database I and the Health Inspection Services, as well as with the mobile teams. It will therefore be important to enable research institutions, including Sciensano, to carry out scientific or statistical studies in connection with the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 and/or to support the policy in the fight against the coronavirust, through the Exchange of the data between the Database I and the already existing data bank at Sciensano, which is already being used today for scientific research (hereinafter "Datatzank II"). This makes up a task that resorts under the material competence of the Staatdoetzake scientific research. The processing of the personal data in the Database I is also done in the context of the federal powers on scientific research, as shown by Article1, § 2 of this Decree. In that respect, the surveillance activities that Messanensano are taxed with Article 4 of the Act of 25 February 2018 `To establish sciensano'o. ways of contact detection. After all, it is not always possible to remember exactly who one has had contact about a certain period of time, let alone that people would have the contact details of all those people. Therefore, in addition to the Manuelecontact study in this Decree, a framework is provided to enable the digital contact investigation via a digital contact detection application.2. Manual contact investigating the manual contact examination as efficient as possible, the Database I should act as a decentralized database in the fight against the distribution of COVID-19. Sciensano, as a controller, manages the database I that contains personal data that care providers and care -providing institutions are relocated. However, for the objectives set out in this Decree, it will also be necessary that the employees of the contact centers (including the field researchers) and the mobile teams share the data with the Datkensbank I. This with the aim is to organize the most efficient and complete possible contact survey. This database consists of the sciensano founded in 2014 at Sciensano, which will act as receiver in the context of the fight against COVID-19, albeit the collected data from Database I, although after pseudonymization and only to use this data for further scientific and epidemiological research. With the eye on changing data with the regional health inspection services, mobile teams and/or the contact centers indicated by debt agencies from the database I are - as already stated above - two additional in the central database established, in particular Databases IIien IV, for which (i) the Flemish Agency for Care and Health, (II) the Agence Wallonne Pour Une Dequalité, (III) the Ministry of the German Community and (IV) the common community Commission for their respective g be the controller of the Event. This concerns the following two databases: 1. the database with belorders and orders for the employees of the Contact Center (Database III); 2. the database with contact details of collectivities (database IV). A (presumably) infected person contacted by the Contact Centerom to provide information about the persons with whom he has been in contact, the circumstances in which contact have taken place should not specify. A deviation For the following persons for the following persons:- Health care providers;- Persons who have to keep the professional secrecy. In the case of health care providers, these are relieved of their secrecy attitude if they have to feed the database I for the purposes in this Decree, but also on the other hand When the contact center contact them (presumably) infected person, to provide information about the persons with whom they have been in contactWith regard to the other persons who, by virtue of their state or profession, holder of secrets who have been entrusted, are also relieved of their confidentiality obligation when the contact center contact them as a (presumably) infected person, to provide information about the persons with Who they have been in contact. These Databases III and IV change data in the in the context of the contact investigation, this with each other and with the database I. With collectivities, communities of persons are referred to with regard to the competent health inspection judgments that have an increased risk On the basis of the COVID-19 Coronavirus, there is, based on the most recent scientific insights. For example, it may be a hospital, school, asylum center, prison, residential care center, workshop, institution for people with disabilities, childcare, rehabilitation center or a barracks. The institutions that may fall under the term collectivities can, if necessary, be clarified by means of a decision referred to in Article 1 § 4. Processing purposes with regard to the storage and exchange of personal data in the Database (i) at Sciennode Processing purposes of this data collection In the database Ien the subsequent data exchange to the Databas II, III and IV are four -fold.1. The data collection and exchange serve to detect the confirmed infected persons and the persons whom a doctor has a serious suspicion that they are infected and detect and detect and Contacting - Via every way of communication - to be able to give them the necessary recommendations and to be able to follow this passenger person, as well as to provide information about the persons with whom they have contacted. To achieve this processing purposes, there is an exchange of DataSbank I and Datus Ban KII foreseen, where necessary also with the Database IV.2. The data collection and exchange are necessary with a view to contacting the persons with whom the infected or suspected infected persons (hereinafter "index persons") came into contact via each Possible communication, to provide hygiene and prevention guidelines, to give quarantine and/or to invite them to be tested for the Coronavirus COVID-19 and more destroyer follow-up. The contact center will also contact the reference doctor, or in the absence of a reference doctor, the administrative responsible of the collectivity of which the (presumably) infected patient is part of, with a view to informing about the (suspected) infection of the Persoonie is part of the collectivity . For this processing purposes to be realized, Wordter forces an exchange of data between Database I and Datatankank III, where necessary also with the Database IV. The database I must then be fed with the data from the people with which the index persons have come into contact with the relevant contact centers. The data collection and exchange are necessary for both the competent health inspection services of the federal states in the context of their regulatory assignments, as well as the tasks that the mobile teams of the Health Inspectorate will be assigned. Deutonheid Inspection Services are these referred to in the Decree of 21 November 2003 on the preventive health policy (for Flanders), the Decree of 2 May 2019 amending the Waalse Code of Social Action and Health regarding the prevention and promotion of health (for Wallonia) , the ordinance of 19 July 2007 on the preventive health policy and the decision of 23 April 2009 of the United College of the common community committee concerned prophylaxis against transferable diseases (for Brussels) and the decree of the parliament of the German -speaking community of 1 June 2004 on the Health Promotion and with regard to medical prevention and its implementing decisions. The detection and investigations of clusters are also used, where mobile teams are used to detect these persons in collectivities and living communities and thereby certain measures take to this processing purposes to be achieved Wordter An exchange of data between Database I provided with the health inspection services as well as with the mobile teams they have designated, each within their competence atmosphere.4.4Finally, the data collections -exchanging, after pseudonymization of the data, to make it available to the Datatistank II with a view scientific, statistical and/or policy -supporting research institutions, including Sciensano, in the context of the fight against the Coronaviruscovid -19 and policy in this regard. To achieve this processing purposes, an exchange of pseudonymized data between Datatankank I and Database II is provided. Categories of personal data collected in the context of current decision-being collected data collected are identification and contact data, test data, regulations, results of CT scans and suspected diagnoses of persons on the one hand and data from the infection persons or the persons whose serious suspicion is that this person are infected as well as hospitalized patients with a confirmed diagnosis of the Coronavirus BI J on the other hand. A large number of this data is collected by laboratories, triage posts, hospitals and doctors, CRAs (coordinating consultants) in the collectivities (for example, residential care centers, asylum centers and prisons). The suspected diagnosis in the absence of tests only refers to the suspected infection with the CoronavirusScidid only -19. This suspected diagnosis can only be made by the doctor who determines the suspected infection with the Coronavirus COVID-19 on the basis of a medical examination. For the tests, not only the test results are important, but will also be the type of prescribed and/or outdoors test, as well as the date of the test are necessary. On the one hand to determine whether a patient is not infected, and on the other hand to allow researchers to conduct further quality and statism research on testing on COVID-19. An infection with COVID-19 can also be deduced from CT scans results. Collecting this data allows more clarity to obtain the general course of the disease of COVID-19 in an infected patient. With the view of the ducky identification of the persons concerned (being hospitalized patients, infected persons whose serious suspicion exists Being infected) and the mutual linking of the collected data, it is also absolutely necessary to also store the identification number of the social security of the persons involved whose data is incorporated in the database I and to provide general access to the National Register. This also relieves the doctors, hospitals and laboratories make the information available (i.e. the informants), since they only have to provide the data that cannot be found in the National Register. In view of the fact that the HELEEGEZONS Care system in Belgium is based on the use of the National Register number to be able to identify a patient -acting actual, this number is also of necessary importance to process inside manual contact examination, with a view to the correct identification of the index person as well as of DEADEMEN with whom the index person has been in contact. Insofar as this is strictly necessary for the realization of the processing purposes laid down in this Decree, the collected person data will also be linked to personal data from other data benches, such as the Crossroadbank Registers, from which the correct identification data can are achieved, the Cobrha Database with accurate For example, for example, for tax purposes, personal data may be linked to personal data of the Federal Public Service Finance or for the fight against fraud on personal data from other authentic sources). The use of these authentic sources is of fundamental importance to minimize the administrative burden of the informants, cover the data of the data To increase and treat the smooth communication of test results to the care providers that to be able to insure an infected patient. Also to include the RIZIV number of the treating physician in the database I is important. This number is used to prescribe the Diede Test doctor, or to be able to identify the doctor who has taken the decision to overrue. This also applies to the RIZIV number of the Laboratory or Triage post, Diede Test has takenIn addition, this data must be made for statistical purposes, as well as quality improvement of the tests conducted in accordance with Article 5, (1), b, of the General Data Protection Regulation without that this can ever lead to any criminal liability for the doctors or labs. the RIZIV number of the doctor or the laboratory must also be processed. The personal data of the persons with whom the infected person or of the persons whose serious suspicion is that these persons have been infected have been in contact is based on the detailed scripts of the investigation system of the contact center. Even after the persons with whom the infected person or the person whose serious suspicion is that this person has been infected has already been contacted by the contact centers, the data of these persons are kept with a view to the further follow -up of these persons. With The eyeopic investigation, it is also required to have information about the person ending with a negative result and the people who were infected but no longer are. The first allow useful conclusions to draw the ratio of negative test results Versus -positive test results , the second gives the possibility to draw conclusions about immunity below the population. The data collected by the mobile teams can also be passed on sciensano to be stored in the Database I for further processing and notification of it only for the within this decision certain processing purposes.in di t Decree the categories of the collected personal data, but already with a non-limitative view of the personal data that falls under the category in question to raise the transparency and process the data in this context. This in order to allow the system of the manual contact study in all its facets to evolve with the advancing scientific insight as well as the need to be able to quickly be able to switch in times of this COVID-19 crisis. Access and transfer of Personal data it is of course that the competent regional authorities or the Single Contact Center indicated by the competent agencies will receive data that are necessary for contact detection and insofar as the parties involved fall under the authority of the relevant regional government or competent agency. More in the special feat the Datatankank III the Belorders for the employees of the contact center. This is fed from the central database i only with the data of infected or presumably infected persons only insofar as this data is necessary for the contact examination, such as name, contact data indication that the person must be called as a (presumably) infected person. The results of the contact investigation in turn end up in the Database I. Database IV, contains contact of collectivities that the person concerned is part of, which is exchanged data with databases I and, III and IV. The contact center does not only contact the persons of Wie who of Wie who The doctor has a serious suspicion of infection or with the people where the coronaviruscovid-19 test showed that they are infected, but also with the people with whom they have come in close contact. The contact center reception designated by the competent regional authorities or the competent agencies from the Database I at Sciensano. If it concerns contacts with people in a collectivity with a vulnerable population, the contact center contacts the reference doctor, or in the absence, the administrative responsible of that collectivity for further follow -up of the situation. If it concerns contacts with individuals, then the contact center contacts those individual persons by telephone, then gives them based on the information that they provide appropriate recommendations (staying at home, working at home, being tested, ...) and confirms this recommendation electronic. This electronic shipment only concerns a confirmation of the recommendations given oral. It is also possible that field researchers make physical visits to those involved, when by telephone or electronic contact is impossibleThe mobile teams and the health inspection services of the equipment and territorially competent federal states or the competent agencies have access to the data in the database I insofar as access is made within the processing purposes in this Decree; The access is made in the context of their respective regional powers in the framework of initiatives to expand harmful effects caused by infectious diseases, whereby these initiatives must be limited to initiatives to combat the harmful effects of the Coronavirus COVID-19.de Pseudonymized data that itself in Database II can only be passed on to third parties in the context of scientific or statistical studies regarding the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 and/or Kandet in this area. This transfer is only possible after deliberation by the roomsocial security and health of the information security committee. Power of the Information Safety Committee The Information Safety Committee is an independent body that has the task of granting permission for the communication of personal data in the Social and Health Care Sector, taking into account Vande Stondondoming Vandebeding Vande -Naordetime Vande -Naardbeding Vandebeding Vand de Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vand de Vantalization of Vandeinging Vand de Vantalization of Vand de Vantalization of Vande -to -Vandetime. And to promote the protection of data and information security. Providing the communication of personal data to a deliberation of the information security committee is a rule established by the Federal Act and forms a measure of data protection by design and by standard institutions within the meaning of the General Regulation Data Protection. It is based on Articles 6, § 2 and 9, § 4 of the Data Protection General Ordinance. The deliberations of the information safety committee specify which information security measures are complied with by the actors of a data communication exhibition and is preventively assessed or no more personal data on the Acquiring organization is then necessary to achieve legitimate purposes of the processing. The facts of the Information Safety Committee are binding on the actors of the data exchange. On the other hand, they are aimed at offering the actors of data exchange, so that effective and efficient exchange is not unnecessary impeded by a lack of clarity about the information security measures to be implemented or about the legitimacy of the disclosure of personal data. The deliberations of the information security committee only have Rekkop The (electronic) exchange of data. In his deliberations, the information security committee is bound to the legal provisions regarding the processing purposes of the authorities that receive the data receipt. The deliberations of the Information Safety Committee are only a legal basis that enables a single organ that processes personal data on the basis of legitimate purposes to communicate these personal data to other bodies, in the context of legitimate purposes for which the receiving organ data can be processed. legal basis for the first collection and processing of personal data by the far -reaching agency. The receiving body, on the other hand, must process the personal data on the basis of the legal basis. The Information Safety Committee cannot therefore expand the purpose of the first processing through the far -reaching body, nor can it offer a different legal basis for the processing by the receiving body than that in which is provided for by or pursuant to the law. The information security committee is not a supervisory authority within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation. It is therefore not authorized to supervise compliance, to resolve problems and disputes or to treat complaints. It is indeed the data protection authority for these matters. The Data Protection Authority can at all times compare any deliberation of the information safety committee with higher legal standards and, in the event of non-compliance, the information safety committee requests his deliberation on the points indicated by him. , insofar as not yet included in this decision. These deliberations can only be granted for announcements within the processing purposes and for the categories of personal data in this DecreeThe Information Safety Committee can therefore in no way itself determine other processing objectives Noch categories of personal data for the announcement of personal data on or through the database of Sciensano. The Information Safety Committee, in particular the Chamber of Social Sea and Health, can only further define the processing purposes in this Decree Personal data within a certain category of personal data can be processed, made accessible and/or to be communicated to one of the Databas II, III, IV or Dievanuit de Data Bank IV to the Database I at Sciensano must be notified, insofar as useful for the realization of the realization of the realization of the realization of the realization of the realization of the realization of the realization of the realization of the relevant processing purposes. The deliberations of the information safety committee are published on the respective websites.Teeinde to allow the system of manual contact research to be evolved in all its facets Methet advancing scientific insight as well as the need to be able to switch crisissnel in times of this COVID-19 (i) The institutions that may fall under the collectivities, (ii) the categories of information providers that require personal data to communicate to SciensanoVoor storage and further processing thereof in the central database and (iii) the categories of personal data in the Databas I, II , III and IV are processed, amended or supplemented by the King by means of a Royal Decree adopted after consultation in the Council of Ministers and in the inter -ministerial conference Public Health The Information Safety Committee will therefore not be able to determine the Collectivities which categories of information providers require personal data to communicate to Sciensano, or which categories of data are processed in the Data Banks I, II, III and IV. These elements must be laid down by means of a royal decision as referred to in Article 1 § 4. However, this does not alter the fact that the information security committee.b.t. Data flows that relate to collectivities, additional information providers and categories of personal data can exercise its powers as described in this Decree. Safety measures of the respective responsible for the processing take the necessary appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a high level of security. This means, among other things, that the Datatankankenzullen meet the principles of data protection through design and by standard settings. Also guarantees that pseudonymizing personal data is done in such a way that the personal data can be more than a specific data subject to be linked without additional data being used, as well as this method of pseudonymizing in accordance with the new definition recorded in the General Data Protection. Personal Data In any case, the personal data from the Central Database (i) will be deleted at the latest 60 days after the storage. This period of 60 days takes into account the most recent developments in the epidemiological examination (eg in the field of tests) that are necessary for a Good follow-up of people to guarantee. The pseudonymizing data that is located in the Database II for scientific research are erased in the laws of 10 April 2014 containing various health provisions and the cooperation agreement between the RIZIV and Sciensano concluded in implementation. The personal data from Datatensbankiii are deleted daily and the personal data in Database IV are either updated every ten years, either. Name at the latest on 20 October 2020. Transparency and Rights of the Development Poor The respectively responsible for the processing, measures are taken to provide the necessary transparency. To be brief, transparants must be understandable and this at various levels. When contacting the person concerned via the contact center, there is transparent communication with regard to the processing of them the personal data. A website is provided where the person concerned can find all information back in an easy way. Digital contact academy This decision is also provided for a framework contact research via a digital contact investigation applicationA digital contact detection application can allow citizens to determine for themselves whether they have recently been in contact with an infected person. A fundamental requirement to prevent the further distribution of the virus based on digital technologies is the confidence of the citizen in these technologies and the most possible participation of the citizen in these technologies. Its use must therefore be framed with deestangste guarantees and meet the requirements regarding fundamental rights. The application of the Data Protection-by-Design principles of the General Data Protection Regulation must be at the center of the development of a digital contact detection application. The European Data Protection Committee in this area digital contact detection applications that use Bluetooth and Diegedecentralized Working, a method for which also opted in the present decision. When drawing up this Decree, the recommendations of the competent national and international authorities, in particular the European Commission, the European Data Protection and Debelgic Data Protection Authority, was taken into account. U was the decision to install and use a digital contact investigation application only To the citizen. This decision opts for a system from both the installation and the use of a digital contact detection application voluntary issue by the person concerned. In addition, the transmission of a possible established contamination is also left to be passed on. The stimulation of a wide use by the citizens of the same digital contact exploration application, developed in accordance with the Data Protection -By -Design principle, is therefore a measure that is completely in line with the principle laid down in the general Data Protection Regulation states that it must be opted for measures that allow proposed purposes to achieve the most effective way and in a way that is the least invasive in terms of the upright protection of privacy. The framework of the contact detection of the governments, a corresponding end decision to be based on the DP3T System, an open source system that was elaborated by a pan-European group of academics specialized in, among other things, encryption, information security, privacy and epidemiologi e, and that is already used in other European countries. This should ensure that interference in the field of private life is minimized. This Decree does not prevent other data solutions from being worked out within the framework of the private sector or research institutions, as long as they are voluntary, provided for explicit and informed permission and fully satisfied all requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation. From a digital contact detection application, and the fact that the use of the DP3T system minimizes interference in the field of private life, the use of such applications contributes to the correct balance between the right to health and the interference in the field of Privéleven. The DP3T System has been published, and the source code is public so that these independent experts can be verified. In that sense, this therefore meets the recommendation of the GBA in its advice 34/2020 to publish the source code. A digital contact investigation application Basic of DP3T consists of a mobile application that can be voluntarily installed and used by the user, and used, and A central log list. The mobile application registered contacts between users without the identity being traced. The log list allows an user to pass on a determined contamination as well as the suspected time of this infection and through a controlled manner, so that other users can notify if they would have been in contact with the infected user in the period that he/side -bound Was, without the identity of the infected user or the other user with which he/she was in contact with it, can be traced. A digital contact investigation application of the DP3T system only stores completely pseudonymized or anonymous data, on the user's device, with Name secure keys and temporarily random serial numbers, without reference to the identity of the persons between which the contact took place, nor to the place where the contact took place. The approaching time at which the contact has taken place is stored because this is necessary to determine whether the contact has taken place between the start of the infectivity and the determination of the contaminationThis decision provides that sciensano is the controller of the central log list. Sciensano must monitor the necessary technical and organizational measures to protect the log list, and that the data from the log list is not crossed with other databases. In view of the special experience at Sciensano on data protection when handling health data for scientific research and the implementation of such methods of security and pseudonymization of data, Sciensano seems to be the most appropriate responsible for this processing. The functionalities, modalities and technical conditions For the use of a digital contact investigation application in this decision, it is determined to be able to determine the guarantees of the fundamental rights and freedoms of the citizens, and in particular the protection of the processed information, this. Decision only deals with digital contact investigation applications in the framework of the COVID-19 Epidemie. Other e-health applications, such as applications for triage, self-monitoring, monitoring in the context of a care relationship or applications for remote care, are not arranged by this Decree. Introduction to indemnifying the fundamental rights and in the special protection of personal data DIT Decree determines the legal framework In which a digital contact detection application functions. When drawing up this decision, account was taken of the recommendations of the competent national and international authorities, in particular the European Commission, the European Data Protection Committee and the Belgian Data Protection Authority. As confirmed by the aforementioned bodies, European privacy legislation provides for a legal basis for The development and use of a digital contact detection application, in particular Articles6, § 1, E) and 9, § 2, i) of the General Data Protection Regulation. This decree therefore relies on these specific legal principles. This decision provides for the legal basis for achieving subsequent objectives: • In the first place, monigital contact investigation application must register contacts between users in an automated manner without this that the identity of users can do be outdated; • In the second place, a digital contact investigation application must be the user whose COVID-19 infection is stated to give the possibility to voluntarily report that he/she is COVID-19, and this is authorized and controlled manner to any incorrect or to prevent false reports; • The report of the infection must then allow other users who have come into contact with the user contaminated with COVID-19 in the period that the infected user was contagious, it is too notified in the vicinity of this infected person found, without any The name, location or the exact time of infection are passed on. This legal framework is necessary but not being confused with the free choice of the citizen to install, use and de-install a digital contact investigation application. This decision determines the framework for the technical en people's law guarantees that a digital contact detection application must meet, but does not make any way an obligation to the citizen to install, use or de-install a digital contact detection application. On the recommendation of the GBA in its advice 34/2020, it is also clarified that a (non-) user may in no way experience a disadvantage or an advantage of whether or not to use a digital contact investigation application. However, the DigitalContactpreciation application will be accompanied by terms of use where unlawful use will be punished both contractual and according to the rules of the common law. Installing a digital contact detection application activates a number of technical actions as described above, the generation of secure keys and temporary serial numbers. Subsequently, the user always comes to the user of a digital contact detection application to activate the other technical actions whether or not actively and voluntarily activate the other technical actions on the basis of confirming a COVID-19 infection via the application. It goes without saying that this is a necessary step to help realize the ultimate objective of a digital contact detection application, reducing the COVID-19 epidemic and avoiding new flare-ups,This Decree answers aanalle principles of data protection law: • It determines the purposes for which a digital contact detection applications may process data; • It indicates the controller that must apply the guarantees for this decision within the strict framework of the defined objectives. Sciensano is the best placed institution for this. Art. 4, § 1 of the Act of 25 February 2018 establishing Sciensano that this institution, both at the federal, regional level, as well as at the European and international level, has certain health assignments, in particular scientific research and risk assessment; Categories of data, both personal data and non-identifiable data, which may be processed by monigital contact detection application; • It emphasizes the possibility for a user of a digital contact detection application to keep control over his data and to remove data • It emphasizes it; the need for transparency information to the user of a digital contact detection application; • The determined retention periods that apply to the collected data; • It guarantees that data is collected a separate log list or database and is not crossed with other data benches; the processing of the collected data for other purposes; • imposes it on technical and organizational requirements for the controller in order to ensure that the data collected is protected against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against unintentional loss, destruction or damage; to ensure that no more data is collected as soon as the end of the condition of the Coronavirus COVID-19 epidemic is declared. The Algemeen Service is stressed that the personal data is processed in accordance with the General Data Protection Law Regulation on the basis of this Decree and in no way on the basis of The permission of the person concerned. of the contact tracking. The king may be adopted in a decision after consultation in the ministerial traads in the interministerial Public Health Conference, the further rules that are required for the implementation of this decision. I have the honor to be, SIRE, Van Your Majesteit, this respectful and very faithful servant, the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health, the Block26 June 2020. - Royal Decree no. 44 on the joint processing by Sciensano and the contact centers, health inspections and mobile teams by the competent regional authorities or by the competent agencies and mobile teams framework of a contact investigation by persons who are (presumably) infected with the Coronavirus Covid-19 on the basis of a database bij Sciensanofilip, King of the Belgians, to all who are now and will hereinafter refer to our regulation (EC) No. 2016 /679 of the European Parliament and the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons in connection with the processing of personal data on the free movement of that data; in view of the special law of 8 August1980 for the reform of the institutions, articles 5, § 1, i and 6bis, § 2, 1 ° and 2 ° and 92bis; The fact that the federal government is not exclusive of crisis policy when an (acute) pandemic requires urgent measures. The federal government, the communities and regions are the boundaries of their own powers. On the basis of this, the Federal Government is also authorized for the coordination and management of a crisis situation with regard to a pandemic. Given the fact that the federal government and the federal states, each within the limits of their own material powers, have the authority to take measures regarding the fight against a crisis animal in public healthIn view of the decree of the Flemish Parliament of 21 November2003 on the preventive health policy; in view of the decree of the Parliament of the German -speaking community of 1 June 2004 on the health promotion and on medical prevention; having regard to the ordinance of 19 July 2007 on preventive health policy; In view of the Act of 10 April 2014 containing various health provisions and the cooperation agreement between RIZIV and Sciensano; Having regard to the law of 25 February 2018, Article 4 § 4 and 7 § 2; in view of the law of 5 September2018 establishing the information security committee and changing various laws concerning the implementation of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 of the European Parliament and the Council concerning the protection of natural persons in connection with the processing of personal data and the relevant free movement of that data and to int stretching of Directive 95/46/EC; Having regard to the Decree of the Flemish Parliament of 21 November 2003 on the preventive health policy; in view of the decree of 2 May 2019 amending the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health, the prevention and promotion of Health; In view of the decree of the Flemish Parliament of 29 May 2020, the organization of the obligation to report and the contact investigation in the COVID-19 Board VAN COVID-19; Having regard to the decision of the United College of the Communal Community Community Pan 23 April 2009 on the prophylaxis against transferable diseases ; In view of the decision of the Flemish Government of 19 June 2009 on initiatives to prevent the expansion of harmful effects caused by biotic factors; in view of the decision of the Waalsseeregeling of Special Powers No 35 of 5 May 2020 containing organization of the contact tracing in the context of the fight against the COVID-19 epidemic; on the decision of the Government of the German-speaking Community of 7 May 2020 establishing a contact center that is taxed in the context of the fight against the health crisis created by the Coronavirus (COVID-19); in view of the law of 27 March 2020 that authorization grants the king for taking measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 (II), articles 2, 5, §1, 1 ° and 6; Having regard to Royal Decree No 18 of 4 May 2020 establishing a database bij Sciensano in the context of the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19; in view of the Royal Decree No. 25 of 28 May 2020 amending Royal Decree No 18 of May 2020 establishing the establishment of a database at Sciensano in the context of the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19; Having regard to the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on23 June 2020; having regard to the agreement of the Minister of Budget of VA n 25 Juin 2020 a short period of five days, among other things because of the fact that it is vital for public health and for avoiding a re -flashing of the Covid 19 epidemic, which sciensano has a database that allows you to trace and detect the contacts of infection persons and to contact us; whereas the World Health Organization on March 11, 2020, the outbreak of the SARS-COV-2 virus declared a pandemic; predominant in the context of the COVID-19 Health crisis and to further spread the Covid-19S disease Going, the National Security Council, in which, in addition to the representatives of the Federal Government, representatives of the Letters were charged, was taxed on each other take a tired measure in order to limit the further distribution of COVID-19; COVID-19, as well as the detection of the collectivities that these persons are part of, so that these persons can be given the necessary recommendations to prevent them from infecting other people with COVID-19, such as departing hygiene and prevention guidelines, proposing of Quarantine and inviting to be tested on COVID-19; whereas the Federalestate is responsible for crisis policy when an acute pandemic requires urgent measures, taking into account the material powers of each entity (doc. Senate, Nr5-2232/5); Mostly the communities in the context of their authority regarding preventive health care Call Centershebben set up to carry out this contact investigation and that recommendations can be given to avoid other persons; This crisis and in order to ensure that the contact examination runs as optimally as possible, it is necessary to collect information in one federal database, which exchanges data with three databases that fall under the jurisdiction of the communities; create the processing of data in the context of the fight against the distribution of COVID-19. In that sense, she can set up a database in the case of its powers and, on the basis of its residual competence, impose the field of medicine in the health care professionals in the health care obligation to enter the required data in that database, as if An exception to the professional secrecy. Moreover, it can grant the communities access to such a database without obligation, as is already the case for other federal databases such as the Crossroads Bank of Social Security; on the nomination of the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health and on the advice of our ministers in council meetings, Have we decided and we decide: Chapter I. - Algeneemepaling article 1. § 1Publication: 2020-06-29NUMAC: 2020041950Federal Public Service Public Health, Safety of the Food Chain and Leefmilieu26 June 2020.-Royal Decree No. 44 concerning the joint data processing by Sciensano and the contacts and the competent agencies or by the competent agencies and contacts and the competent agencies and Mobile teams in the context of a contact survey among persons who are (presumably) infected with the Coronavirus COVID-19 on the basis of a database at Sciensanoverlagaan de Koningsire, in the context of the COVID-19 Health crisis in Belgium, the Royal Decree no. 18 A database was established from 4 May 2020 at Sciensano, the Belgian Institute of Public Health. This contains specific data, necessary for the detection and contact of deprocated persons, for the realization of scientific, statistical and/or policy support investigations and for the completion of the assignments of the health inspection services of the Communities Regions in the context of initiatives to expand harmful effects , caused by infectious diseases, to prevent the Royal Decree no. 18 of 4 May 2020, however, held effect on 4 June 2020. Since it was great for achieving the aforementioned purposes that the database was also after that date (temporarily) if such a could continue to exist, the Royal Decree no. 25 was approved to maintain it until 30 June 2020. In its advisory number. 67,425/3 of 26 May 2020 on a bill `establishing a database at Sciensano in the context of the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 ', the content of which is almost the content of Royal Decree No 18, 18, the legislation of the legislation of State formulates, among other things, following considerations and conclusions: "The detection of COVID-19-BESSFECTIONS (...] to the competence of the communities. That authority also includes the establishment of a regulation for the protection of the protection of the protection of the protection of the protection of protection Natural persons in the processing of Personal Data Dienaar Get Red reason for that investigation are collected. To the extent that the bill submitted for advice provides rules with regard to the processing of that personal data, the community competence in preventive health care is therefore entering. , § 2, of the bill in rules is provided with regard to the assignments and the working method from the contact center that is charged with the detection of COVID-19-Bes making. These rules also belong to the community authority on preventive health care. The processing of the personal data in the database is also done in the context of the federal powers on scientific research [...]. In that respect, the surveillance activities with which Sciensano is taxable is taxed by Article 4 of the Act of 25 February 2018 `establishing Sciensano '. The conclusion therefore that the bill relates to both federal and community powers. In addition, the two aspects in the proposed regulation appear to be closely linked. The bill submitted for advice can only be passed in its current form if it would be formed into a cooperation agreement for which parliamentary approval is required. "The consultation committee of 30 May 2020 then made the following decision:" In the light of the Council of State's advice concerning the bill on tracing and the database, it was decided to conclude a cooperation agreement. "Deinterministerial Conference Public Health worked one Design of the Cooperation Agreement between the Federalestate, the Flemish Community, the Walloon Region, the German -speaking Community and the Common Community Commission, concerning the joint data processing by Sciensano and the authorities or the competent agencies Contact centers indicated, health inspections mobile teams in the context of a contact survey among persons who are (presumably) infected with the coronaviruscovid-19 on the basis of a database at Sciensano. This design was approved by the consultation committee on 25 June 2020 after which the Procedure for the approval was approved Due to the Different Regulations and Parliaments of the Little States, the Royal Decree no. 18 as amended by Royal Decree No. 25 of 28 May 2020, however, holds on to 30 June 2020. Since it is to achieve the aforementioned purposes of large The importance is that the database cook can continue to exist (temporarily) as such after that dateIt is proposed to maintain this 15 October 2020. The period for deleting the personal data is adjusted accordingly (20 October 2020 instead of 5 July 2020). This Royal Decree provides a temporary regulation that takes the advisory account of the advice 67.425/3 t.e.m.67.427/3 and 67.424/3 of the Council of State and No. 42/2020 and 49/2020 of the data protection authority. The present decision is virtually identical to the content of the aforementioned approved design of the cooperation agreement, which is submitted to the Council of State and the Data Protection Authority Sales for advice. Although the World Health Organization (WHO) has the outbreak of the SARS-COV-ONT 2-virus, which causes COVID-19's disease, declared a pandemic. Also Belgia is not spared v An this pandemic. In the context of the COVID-19 Health crisis and to combat a more distribution of the disease, the National Security Council, in which, in addition to the federal government's representatives, representatives of the federal states were taxed in order to take each other in accordance with the further to limit the spread of COVID-19.1. Although general objectives of the contacts of infected persons and encouraging these contacts to take the necessary measures, is crucial to prevent new infections that Devolks health threaten. Contact research and detection can be used in various ways. The most obvious methods are manual and digital contact detection. An of the necessary measures in the manual contact examination is the early detection of person-to-be infected with COVID-19 or of which there is a serious suspicion that they are infected with Covid-19, so that they are infected, so that they are infected, so that they are infected, so that The necessary recommendations can be given to these persons (home isolation, telecommuting, etc.) to prevent them from infecting other people with the SARS-COV-2 virus. Since this forms a task of preventive healthcare, its authority is due to the federal states. Signal contagiousness of the SARS-COV-2 virus, it is also necessary to check with which persons the infected person presumably infected person has been in contact (contact detection ), so that these spends necessary recommendations can also be given (testing, limiting contacts and so on) to prevent a rider distribution of COVID-19. These tasks of contact detection also fall under the manual contact examination. Here too, this forms a task of preventive health care that resorts under the material competence of the federal states. Tracing the COVID-19-BesTingsdan also belongs to the competence of the communities. This authority also includes determining a regulation for the protection of natural persons in the processing of personal data that is collected as a result of that investigation. In order to ensure that the data processing of this manual contact study in the whole of Belgium runs uniform, Sciensano, Belgian Institute for Public Health, was instructed to collect health and contact details of patients from doctors, laboratories and to process in one central database. Central database is necessary, given the mobility of the citizens through the various states. Maintaining a different data banks per state should therefore mean that databases should interact with each other on the moment that such movements occur. In the practical field, this interacting could ensure a delayed effect of the contact centers, where other states should be waited for input. In addition, passing on personal data between different decentralized databases regularly entails a much greater risk of data breaches. Because of this reasons, the advice of the Data Protection Authority to set up decentralized databases, not being finished. With a view to a safer and more efficient policy, this decision aims to first of all provide de -Juridic basis for this central database. This database at Sciensano, which is established by means of this decision (hereinafter "Datatensbank I"), will provide for the exchange of data with the databasesThese are established to support the contact centers designated by the competent regional governments or by the competent agencies. The latter - also centrally -hosted data benches (hereinafter "Databas III and IV") - are also established by means of this decision. TENEWEDEDE Health inspection services and the mobile teams allow the tasks entrusted to them (including the identification and tracing outbreaks of COVID -19 and clusters, the measures taking on the spot, to be able to properly exercise COVID-19 outbreaks and clusters), it is also necessary that an exchange of the data between the Database I and the Health Inspection Services, as well as with the Mobile teams.voorts the functions of the existing epidemiological monitoring binding must be guaranteed. It will therefore be important to enable research institutions, including Sciensano, to carry out scientific or statistical studies in connection with the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 and/or to support the policy in the fight against the coronavirust, through the Exchange of the data between the Database I and the already existing data bank at Sciensano, which is already being used today for scientific research (hereinafter "Datatzank II"). This makes up a task that resorts under the material competence of the Staatdoetzake scientific research. The processing of the personal data in the Database I is also done in the context of the federal powers on scientific research, as shown by Article1, § 2 of this Decree. In that respect, the surveillance activities that Messanensano are taxed with Article 4 of the Act of 25 February 2018 `To establish sciensano'o. ways of contact detection. After all, it is not always possible to remember exactly who one has had contact about a certain period of time, let alone that people would have the contact details of all those people. Therefore, in addition to the Manuelecontact study in this Decree, a framework is provided to enable the digital contact investigation via a digital contact detection application.2. Manual contact investigating the manual contact examination as efficient as possible, the Database I should act as a decentralized database in the fight against the distribution of COVID-19. Sciensano, as a controller, manages the database I that contains personal data that care providers and care -providing institutions are relocated. However, for the objectives set out in this Decree, it will also be necessary that the employees of the contact centers (including the field researchers) and the mobile teams share the data with the Datkensbank I. This with the aim is to organize the most efficient and complete possible contact survey. This database consists of the sciensano founded in 2014 at Sciensano, which will act as receiver in the context of the fight against COVID-19, albeit the collected data from Database I, although after pseudonymization and only to use this data for further scientific and epidemiological research. With the eye on changing data with the regional health inspection services, mobile teams and/or the contact centers indicated by debt agencies from the database I are - as already stated above - two additional in the central database established, in particular Databases IIien IV, for which (i) the Flemish Agency for Care and Health, (II) the Agence Wallonne Pour Une Dequalité, (III) the Ministry of the German Community and (IV) the common community Commission for their respective g be the controller of the Event. This concerns the following two databases: 1. the database with belorders and orders for the employees of the Contact Center (Database III); 2. the database with contact details of collectivities (database IV). A (presumably) infected person contacted by the Contact Centerom to provide information about the persons with whom he has been in contact, the circumstances in which contact have taken place should not specify. A deviation For the following persons for the following persons:- Health care providers;- Persons who have to keep the professional secrecy. In the case of health care providers, these are relieved of their secrecy attitude if they have to feed the database I for the purposes in this Decree, but also on the other hand When the contact center contact them (presumably) infected personTo provide information about the persons with whom they have been in contact. Regarding the other persons who, by virtue of their state or profession, are the holder of secrets entrusted to them, these have also been relieved of their confidentiality obligation when contact center contact them As a (presumably) infected person, to provide information about the persons with whom they have been in contact. These Databas III and IV exchange data in the context of the contact investigation, this with each other and with the database I. with collectivities become communities of Persons intended with regard to the competent health inspection judgments that there is an increased risk of spreading the Coronavirus COVID-19, based on the most recent scientific insights. For example, it may be a hospital, school, asylum center, prison, residential care center, workshop, institution for people with disabilities, childcare, rehabilitation center or a barracks. The institutions that may fall under the term collectivities can, if necessary, be clarified by means of a decision referred to in Article 1 § 4. Processing purposes with regard to the storage and exchange of personal data in the Database (i) at Sciennode Processing purposes of this data collection In the database Ien the subsequent data exchange to the Databas II, III and IV are four -fold.1. The data collection and exchange serve to detect the confirmed infected persons and the persons whom a doctor has a serious suspicion that they are infected and detect and detect and Contacting - Via every way of communication - to be able to give them the necessary recommendations and to be able to follow this passenger person, as well as to provide information about the persons with whom they have contacted. To achieve this processing purposes, there is an exchange of DataSbank I and Datus Ban KII foreseen, where necessary also with the Database IV.2. The data collection and exchange are necessary with a view to contacting the persons with whom the infected or suspected infected persons (hereinafter "index persons") came into contact via each Possible communication, to provide hygiene and prevention guidelines, to give quarantine and/or to invite them to be tested for the Coronavirus COVID-19 and more destroyer follow-up. The contact center will also contact the reference doctor, or in the absence of a reference doctor, the administrative responsible of the collectivity of which the (presumably) infected patient is part of, with a view to informing about the (suspected) infection of the Persoonie is part of the collectivity . For this processing purposes to be realized, Wordter forces an exchange of data between Database I and Datatankank III, where necessary also with the Database IV. The database I must then be fed with the data from the people with which the index persons have come into contact with the relevant contact centers. The data collection and exchange are necessary for both the competent health inspection services of the federal states in the context of their regulatory assignments, as well as the tasks that the mobile teams of the Health Inspectorate will be assigned. Deutonheid Inspection Services are these referred to in the Decree of 21 November 2003 on the preventive health policy (for Flanders), the Decree of 2 May 2019 amending the Waalse Code of Social Action and Health regarding the prevention and promotion of health (for Wallonia) , the ordinance of 19 July 2007 on the preventive health policy and the decision of 23 April 2009 of the United College of the common community committee concerned prophylaxis against transferable diseases (for Brussels) and the decree of the parliament of the German -speaking community of 1 June 2004 on the Health Promotion and with regard to medical prevention and its implementing decisions. The detection and investigations of clusters are also used, where mobile teams are used to detect these persons in collectivities and living communities and thereby certain measures take to this processing purposes to be achieved Wordter An exchange of data between Database I provided with the health inspection services as well as with the mobile teams they have designated, each within their competence atmosphere.4. After all, the data collections are serving to make it available to the Database II with an eye after pseudonymization of the data, scientificallyStatistical and/or policy-supporting research through research institutions, including Sciensano, in the context of the fight against the Coronaviruscovid-19 and Policy on this. To realize this processing purposes, an exchange of Gepseudonymized data is provided between Datatoresk II and Datatoringen of Data. Collection is collected in the context of current decision-made categories of free data that are collected are identification and contact data, test data, regulations, results of CT scans and presumed diagnoses of persons on the one hand and data from the infection persons or persons whose serious suspicion exists Person infected as well as hospitalized patients with a confirmed diagnosis of the coronavirus at the hospitals on the other. A large number of this data is collected by laboratories, triage posts, hospitals and doctors, CRAs (coordinating consultants) in the collectivities (for example, residential care centers, asylum centers and prisons). The suspected diagnosis in the absence of tests only refers to the suspected infection with the CoronavirusScidid only -19. This suspected diagnosis can only be made by the doctor who determines the suspected infection with the Coronavirus COVID-19 on the basis of a medical examination. For the tests, not only the test results are important, but will also be the type of prescribed and/or outdoors test, as well as the date of the test are necessary. On the one hand to determine whether a patient is not infected, and on the other hand to allow researchers to conduct further quality and statism research on testing on COVID-19. An infection with COVID-19 can also be deduced from CT scans results. Collecting this data allows more clarity to obtain the general course of the disease of COVID-19 in an infected patient. With the view of the ducky identification of the persons concerned (being hospitalized patients, infected persons whose serious suspicion exists Being infected) and the mutual linking of the collected data, it is also absolutely necessary to also store the identification number of the social security of the persons involved whose data is incorporated in the database I and to provide general access to the National Register. This also relieves the doctors, hospitals and laboratories make the information available (i.e. the informants), since they only have to provide the data that cannot be found in the National Register. In view of the fact that the HELEEGEZONS Care system in Belgium is based on the use of the National Register number to be able to identify a patient -acting actual, this number is also of necessary importance to process inside manual contact examination, with a view to the correct identification of the index person as well as of DEADEMEN with whom the index person has been in contact. Insofar as this is strictly necessary for the realization of the processing purposes laid down in this Decree, the collected person data will also be linked to personal data from other data benches, such as the Crossroadbank Registers, from which the correct identification data can are achieved, the Cobrha Database with accurate For example, for example, for tax purposes, personal data may be linked to personal data of the Federal Public Service Finance or for the fight against fraud on personal data from other authentic sources). The use of these authentic sources is of fundamental importance to minimize the administrative burden of the informants, cover the data of the data To increase and treat the smooth communication of test results to the care providers that to be able to insure an infected patient. Also to include the RIZIV number of the treating physician in the database I is important. This number is used to prescribe the Diede Test doctor, or to be able to identify the doctor who has taken the decision to overrue. This also applies to the RIZIV number of the laboratory or triage post, Diede has taken the test. In addition, these data must be for statistical purposes, as well as quality improvement of the tests conducted in accordance with Article 5, (1), bof the General Data Protection Regulation without that this can ever lead to any criminal liability for the doctors or labs. To make this possible, the RIZIV number of the doctor or the laboratory must also be processed and saved. infected person or the person whose serious suspicion is that this person has been infected in contact. The collection and processing of the personal data of the persons with whom the infected person or persons whose persons are seriously suspected that these persons are infected, Having been in contact is done on the basis of the detailed scripts of the investigation system of the contact center. Even after the persons with whom the infected person or the person whose serious suspicion is that this person has been infected has already been contacted by the contact centers, the data of these persons are kept with a view to the further follow -up of these persons. With The eyeopic investigation, it is also required to have information about the person ending with a negative result and the people who were infected but no longer are. The first allow useful conclusions to draw the ratio of negative test results Versus -positive test results , the second gives the possibility to draw conclusions about immunity below the population. The data collected by the mobile teams can also be passed on sciensano to be stored in the Database I for further processing and notification of it only for the within this decision certain processing purposes.in di t Decree the categories of the collected personal data, but already with a non-limitative view of the personal data that falls under the category in question to raise the transparency and process the data in this context. This in order to allow the system of the manual contact study in all its facets to evolve with the advancing scientific insight as well as the need to be able to quickly be able to switch in times of this COVID-19 crisis. Access and transfer of Personal data it is of course that the competent regional authorities or the Single Contact Center indicated by the competent agencies will receive data that are necessary for contact detection and insofar as the parties involved fall under the authority of the relevant regional government or competent agency. More in the special feat the Datatankank III the Belorders for the employees of the contact center. This is fed from the central database i only with the data of infected or presumably infected persons only insofar as this data is necessary for the contact examination, such as name, contact data indication that the person must be called as a (presumably) infected person. The results of the contact investigation in turn end up in the Database I. Database IV, contains contact of collectivities that the person concerned is part of, which is exchanged data with databases I and, III and IV. The contact center does not only contact the persons of Wie who of Wie who The doctor has a serious suspicion of infection or with the people where the coronaviruscovid-19 test showed that they are infected, but also with the people with whom they have come in close contact. The contact center reception designated by the competent regional authorities or the competent agencies from the Database I at Sciensano. If it concerns contacts with people in a collectivity with a vulnerable population, the contact center contacts the reference doctor, or in the absence, the administrative responsible of that collectivity for further follow -up of the situation. If it concerns contacts with individuals, then the contact center contacts those individual persons by telephone, then gives them based on the information that they provide appropriate recommendations (staying at home, working at home, being tested, ...) and confirms this recommendation electronic. This electronic shipment only concerns a confirmation of the recommendations given oral. It is also possible that field researchers make physical visits to those involvedwhen telephone or electronic contact is impossible. The mobile teams and the health inspection services of the equipment and territorially competent federal states or the competent agencies have access to the data in the database I insofar as access is made within the processing purposes in this Decree; The access is made in the context of their respective regional powers in the framework of initiatives to expand harmful effects caused by infectious diseases, whereby these initiatives must be limited to initiatives to combat the harmful effects of the Coronavirus COVID-19.de Pseudonymized data that itself in Database II can only be passed on to third parties in the context of scientific or statistical studies regarding the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 and/or Kandet in this area. This transfer is only possible after deliberation by the roomsocial security and health of the information security committee. Power of the Information Safety Committee The Information Safety Committee is an independent body that has the task of granting permission for the communication of personal data in the Social and Health Care Sector, taking into account Vande Stondondoming Vandebeding Vande -Naordetime Vande -Naardbeding Vandebeding Vand de Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vand de Vantalization of Vandeinging Vand de Vantalization of Vand de Vantalization of Vande -to -Vandetime. And to promote the protection of data and information security. Providing the communication of personal data to a deliberation of the information security committee is a rule established by the Federal Act and forms a measure of data protection by design and by standard institutions within the meaning of the General Regulation Data Protection. It is based on Articles 6, § 2 and 9, § 4 of the Data Protection General Ordinance. The deliberations of the information safety committee specify which information security measures are complied with by the actors of a data communication exhibition and is preventively assessed or no more personal data on the Acquiring organization is then necessary to achieve legitimate purposes of the processing. The facts of the Information Safety Committee are binding on the actors of the data exchange. On the other hand, they are aimed at offering the actors of data exchange, so that effective and efficient exchange is not unnecessary impeded by a lack of clarity about the information security measures to be implemented or about the legitimacy of the disclosure of personal data. The deliberations of the information security committee only have Rekkop The (electronic) exchange of data. In his deliberations, the information security committee is bound to the legal provisions regarding the processing purposes of the authorities that receive the data receipt. The deliberations of the Information Safety Committee are only a legal basis that enables a single organ that processes personal data on the basis of legitimate purposes to communicate these personal data to other bodies, in the context of legitimate purposes for which the receiving organ data can be processed. legal basis for the first collection and processing of personal data by the far -reaching agency. The receiving body, on the other hand, must process the personal data on the basis of the legal basis. The Information Safety Committee cannot therefore expand the purpose of the first processing through the far -reaching body, nor can it offer a different legal basis for the processing by the receiving body than that in which is provided for by or pursuant to the law. The information security committee is not a supervisory authority within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation. It is therefore not authorized to supervise compliance, to resolve problems and disputes or to treat complaints. It is indeed the data protection authority for these matters. The Data Protection Authority can at all times compare any deliberation of the information safety committee with higher legal standards and, in the event of non-compliance, the information safety committee requests his deliberation on the points indicated by him.insofar as not yet included in this decision. These deliberations can only be granted for announcements within the processing purposes and for the categories of personal data in this Decree. The Information Safety Committee can therefore in no way itself determine other processing objectives Noch categories of personal data for the announcement of personal data on or through the database of Sciensano. The Information Safety Committee, in particular the Chamber of Social Sea and Health, can only further define the processing purposes in this Decree Personal data within a certain category of personal data can be processed, made accessible and/or to be communicated to one of the Databas II, III, IV or Dievanuit de Data Bank IV to the Database I at Sciensano must be notified, insofar as useful for the realization of the realization of the realization of the realization of the realization of the realization of the realization of the realization of the realization of the relevant processing purposes. The deliberations of the information safety committee are published on the respective websites.Teeinde to allow the system of manual contact research to be evolved in all its facets Methet advancing scientific insight as well as the need to be able to switch crisissnel in times of this COVID-19 (i) The institutions that may fall under the collectivities, (ii) the categories of information providers that require personal data to communicate to SciensanoVoor storage and further processing thereof in the central database and (iii) the categories of personal data in the Databas I, II , III and IV are processed, amended or supplemented by the King by means of a Royal Decree adopted after consultation in the Council of Ministers and in the inter -ministerial conference Public Health The Information Safety Committee will therefore not be able to determine the Collectivities which categories of information providers require personal data to communicate to Sciensano, or which categories of data are processed in the Data Banks I, II, III and IV. These elements must be laid down by means of a royal decision as referred to in Article 1 § 4. However, this does not alter the fact that the information security committee.b.t. Data flows that relate to collectivities, additional information providers and categories of personal data can exercise its powers as described in this Decree. Safety measures of the respective responsible for the processing take the necessary appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a high level of security. This means, among other things, that the Datatankankenzullen meet the principles of data protection through design and by standard settings. Also guarantees that pseudonymizing personal data is done in such a way that the personal data can be more than a specific data subject to be linked without additional data being used, as well as this method of pseudonymizing in accordance with the new definition recorded in the General Data Protection. Personal Data In any case, the personal data from the Central Database (i) will be deleted at the latest 60 days after the storage. This period of 60 days takes into account the most recent developments in the epidemiological examination (eg in the field of tests) that are necessary for a Good follow-up of people to guarantee. The pseudonymizing data that is located in the Database II for scientific research are erased in the laws of 10 April 2014 containing various health provisions and the cooperation agreement between the RIZIV and Sciensano concluded in implementation. The personal data from Datatensbankiii are deleted daily and the personal data in Database IV are either updated every ten years, either. Name at the latest on 20 October 2020. Transparency and Rights of the Development Poor The respectively responsible for the processing, measures are taken to provide the necessary transparency. To be conciseTransparants to be understandable and this at various levels. When contacting the person concerned via the contact center, there is transparent communication with regard to the processing of them the personal data. A website is provided where the person concerned can find all information back in an easy way. Digital contact academy This decision is also provided for a framework Contact research via a digital contact detection application to enable a digital contact detection application can allow citizens to determine themselves whether they have recently been in contact with an infected person. A fundamental requirement to prevent the further distribution of the virus based on digital technologies is the confidence of the citizen in these technologies and the most possible participation of the citizen in these technologies. Its use must therefore be framed with deestangste guarantees and meet the requirements regarding fundamental rights. The application of the Data Protection-by-Design principles of the General Data Protection Regulation must be at the center of the development of a digital contact detection application. The European Data Protection Committee in this area digital contact detection applications that use Bluetooth and Diegedecentralized Working, a method for which also opted in the present decision. When drawing up this Decree, the recommendations of the competent national and international authorities, in particular the European Commission, the European Data Protection and Debelgic Data Protection Authority, was taken into account. U was the decision to install and use a digital contact investigation application only To the citizen. This decision opts for a system from both the installation and the use of a digital contact detection application voluntary issue by the person concerned. In addition, the transmission of a possible established contamination is also left to be passed on. The stimulation of a wide use by the citizens of the same digital contact exploration application, developed in accordance with the Data Protection -By -Design principle, is therefore a measure that is completely in line with the principle laid down in the general Data Protection Regulation states that it must be opted for measures that allow proposed purposes to achieve the most effective way and in a way that is the least invasive in terms of the upright protection of privacy. The framework of the contact detection of the governments, a corresponding end decision to be based on the DP3T System, an open source system that was elaborated by a pan-European group of academics specialized in, among other things, encryption, information security, privacy and epidemiologi e, and that is already used in other European countries. This should ensure that interference in the field of private life is minimized. This Decree does not prevent other data solutions from being worked out within the framework of the private sector or research institutions, as long as they are voluntary, provided for explicit and informed permission and fully satisfied all requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation. From a digital contact detection application, and the fact that the use of the DP3T system minimizes interference in the field of private life, the use of such applications contributes to the correct balance between the right to health and the interference in the field of Privéleven. The DP3T System has been published, and the source code is public so that these independent experts can be verified. In that sense, this therefore meets the recommendation of the GBA in its advice 34/2020 to publish the source code. A digital contact investigation application Basic of DP3T consists of a mobile application that can be voluntarily installed and used by the user, and used, and A central log list. The mobile application registered contacts between users without the identity being traced. The log list allows an user to pass on a determined contamination as well as the suspected time of this infection and through a controlled manner, so that other users can notify if they would have been in contact with the infected user in the period that he/side -bound used to beWithout the identity of the infected user or the other user with which he/she was in contact with it, it can be traced. A digital contact investigation application of the DP3T system only stores fully pseudonymized or anonymous data, on the user's device, in particular secured Keys and temporarily random serial numbers, without reference to the identity of the persons between which the contact has taken place, nor to the place where the contact took place. The approaching time at which the contact has taken place is stored because this is necessary to determine whether the contact has taken place between the start of the infectivity and the determination of the contamination. This decides that Sciensano is the controller of the central log list. Sciensano must monitor the necessary technical and organizational measures to protect the log list, and that the data from the log list is not crossed with other databases. In view of the special experience at Sciensano on data protection when handling health data for scientific research and the implementation of such methods of security and pseudonymization of data, Sciensano seems to be the most appropriate responsible for this processing. The functionalities, modalities and technical conditions For the use of a digital contact investigation application in this decision, it is determined to be able to determine the guarantees of the fundamental rights and freedoms of the citizens, and in particular the protection of the processed information, this. Decision only deals with digital contact investigation applications in the framework of the COVID-19 Epidemie. Other e-health applications, such as applications for triage, self-monitoring, monitoring in the context of a care relationship or applications for remote care, are not arranged by this Decree. Introduction to indemnifying the fundamental rights and in the special protection of personal data DIT Decree determines the legal framework In which a digital contact detection application functions. When drawing up this decision, account was taken of the recommendations of the competent national and international authorities, in particular the European Commission, the European Data Protection Committee and the Belgian Data Protection Authority. As confirmed by the aforementioned bodies, European privacy legislation provides for a legal basis for The development and use of a digital contact detection application, in particular Articles6, § 1, E) and 9, § 2, i) of the General Data Protection Regulation. This decree therefore relies on these specific legal principles. This decision provides for the legal basis for achieving subsequent objectives: • In the first place, monigital contact investigation application must register contacts between users in an automated manner without this that the identity of users can do be outdated; • In the second place, a digital contact investigation application must be the user whose COVID-19 infection is stated to give the possibility to voluntarily report that he/she is COVID-19, and this is authorized and controlled manner to any incorrect or to prevent false reports; • The report of the infection must then allow other users who have come into contact with the user contaminated with COVID-19 in the period that the infected user was contagious, it is too notified in the vicinity of this infected person found, without any The name, location or the exact time of infection are passed on. This legal framework is necessary but not being confused with the free choice of the citizen to install, use and de-install a digital contact investigation application. This decision determines the framework for the technical en people's law guarantees that a digital contact detection application must meet, but does not make any way an obligation to the citizen to install, use or de-install a digital contact detection application. On the recommendation of the GBA in its advice 34/2020, it is also clarified that a (non-) user may in no way experience a disadvantage or an advantage of whether or not to use a digital contact investigation application. However, the DigitalContactpreciation application will be accompanied by terms of use where unlawful use will be punished both contractual and according to the rules of the common law. Installing a digital contact investigation application activates a number of technical actions as described aboveInnocence to generating secure keys and temporarily random serial numbers. Subsequently, the user always comes to the user of a digital contact detection application to activate the other technical actions whether or not actively and voluntarily activate the other technical actions on the basis of confirming a COVID-19 infection via the application. It goes without saying that this is a necessary step to help realize the ultimate objective of a digital contact detection application, reducing the COVID-19 epidemic and avoiding new flare-ups. for which digital contact detection applications may process data; • It indicates the controller that must apply the guarantees through this Decree within the strict framework of the described objectives. Sciensano is the best placed institution for this. Art. 4, § 1 of the Act of 25 February 2018 establishing Sciensano that this institution, both at the federal, regional level, as well as at the European and international level, has certain health assignments, in particular scientific research and risk assessment; Categories of data, both personal data and non-identifiable data, which may be processed by monigital contact detection application; • It emphasizes the possibility for a user of a digital contact detection application to keep control over his data and to remove data • It emphasizes it; the need for transparency information to the user of a digital contact detection application; • The determined retention periods that apply to the collected data; • It guarantees that data is collected a separate log list or database and is not crossed with other data benches; the processing of the collected data for other purposes; • imposes it on technical and organizational requirements for the controller in order to ensure that the data collected is protected against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against unintentional loss, destruction or damage; to ensure that no more data is collected as soon as the end of the condition of the Coronavirus COVID-19 epidemic is declared. The Algemeen Service is stressed that the personal data is processed in accordance with the General Data Protection Law Regulation on the basis of this Decree and in no way on the basis of The permission of the person concerned. of the contact tracking. The king may be adopted in a decision after consultation in the ministerial traads in the interministerial Public Health Conference, the further rules that are required for the implementation of this decision. I have the honor to be, SIRE, Van Your Majesteit, this respectful and very faithful servant, the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health, the Block26 June 2020. - Royal Decree no. 44 on the joint processing by Sciensano and the contact centers, health inspections and mobile teams by the competent regional authorities or by the competent agencies and mobile teams framework of a contact investigation by persons who are (presumably) infected with the Coronavirus Covid-19 on the basis of a database bij Sciensanofilip, King of the Belgians, to all who are now and will hereinafter refer to our regulation (EC) No. 2016 /679 of the European Parliament and the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons in connection with the processing of personal data on the free movement of that data; in view of the special law of 8 August1980 for the reform of the institutions, articles 5, § 1, i and 6bis, § 2, 1 ° and 2 ° and 92bis; The fact that the federal government is not exclusive of crisis policy when an (acute) pandemic requires urgent measures. The federal government, the communities and regions are the boundaries of their own powers. On the basis of this, the Federal Government is also authorized for the coordination and management of a crisis situation with regard to a pandemic. Entertainment that the federal government and the federal states, each within the limits of their own material powershave the authority to take measures on the fight against a crisis animal to public health. Happet on the decree of the Flemish Parliament of 21 November2003 on the preventive health policy; in view of the decree of the German -speaking community of 1 June 2004 on the health promotion and with regard to medical prevention; in view of the ordinance of 19 July 2007 on the preventive health policy; in view of the Act of 10 April 2014 containing various health provisions and the collaboration agreement between RIZIV and Sciensano concluded in it, given the law of 25 February 2018 to the foundation of Sciensano, Article 4 § 4 and 7 § 2; Having regard to the law of 5 September2018 establishing the Information Safety Committee and to amend various laws on the implementation of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 of the European Parliament and The Council concerning the protection of natural PE RSONEN in connection with the processing of personal data and the relevant free movement of that data and to the withdrawal of Directive 95/46/EC; Having amendment of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health Watpeltreeks the prevention and promotion of health; in view of the decree of the Flemish Parliament of 29 May 2020 to the organization of the reporting obligation and the contact investigation in the COVID-13 framework in view of the decision; of the United College of the Joint Community Commission Fan 23 April 2009 on Prophylaxis against transferable diseases; Having regard to the decision of the Flemish Government of 19 June 2009 on initiatives to prevent the expansion of harmful effects caused by biotic factors; The decision of the Waalssekeering of Special Powers No 35 of 5 May 2020 organizing the contact tracing in the context of the fight against the COVID-19 epidemic; in view of the decision of the Government of the German-speaking Community of 7 May 2020 establishing a contact center that is taxed in the context of the Fight against the health crisis created by the Coronavirus (COVID-19); Given the law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the king for measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus Covid-19 (II), articles 2, 5, §1, 1 ° and 6; Having regard to Royal Decree no. 18 of 4 May 2020 establishing a database bij Sciensano in the context of the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19; No. 25 of 28 May 2020 amending Royal Decree No 18 of May 2020 establishing a database at Sciensano in the context of the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 the Inspector of Finance, given on23 June 2020; Having regard to the agreement finding of the Minister of 25 Juin 2020; having regard to the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, Article 3, § 1; In view of the urgent necessity , who does not allow to wait for the advice of the Legislation of the Council of State, even within a short period of five days, for example because of the fact that it is vital for public health and for avoiding a re -flashing of Covid 19 epidemic, which sciensano has a database that allows you to detect and contact the contacts of infection persons; framework of the COVID-19 Health crisis and to continue a further distribution of the Covid-19S disease, the National Security Council, in which in addition to the representative Igers of the federal government look representatives of the federal states were charged to take coordinated measures in order to limit the further distribution of COVID-19; be infected with COVID-19 or of which there is a serious suspicion that they are infected with COVID-19, as well as the detection of the collectivities that these persons are part of, so that these persons can be given the necessary recommendations to prevent them from other people contamination with COVID-19, such as leaving hygiene and prevention guidelines, proparantine proposals and inviting to be tested on COVID-19;taking into account the material powers of each entity (Doc. Senate, no. 5-2232/5); predominantly the communities set up in the context of their competence on preventive health care Call Centershebben to carry out this contact examination and that there can be recommendations given that they infect other persons; The communities are considered that defederal government has powers that make it possible to organize the processing of data in the context of the fight against the distribution of COVID-19. In that sense, she can set up a database in the case of its powers and, on the basis of its residual competence, impose the field of medicine in the health care professionals in the health care obligation to enter the required data in that database, as if An exception to the professional secrecy. Moreover, it can grant the communities access to such a database without obligation, as is already the case for other federal databases such as the Crossroads Bank of Social Security; on the nomination of the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health and on the advice of our ministers in council meetings, We have decided and decide: Chapter I. - Algeneemepaling article 1. § 1. For the purposes of this Decree, it means: 1 ° General Data Protection Regulation: Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Deraad of 27 April 2016 concerning the protection of natural persons in connection with the processing of personal data and on the free movement of that data and to withdrawal of directive95/46/EC; 2 ° clusters: a concentration of persons infected or possibly infected with the coronaviruscovid-13 in collectivities or Communities; 3 ° Collectivity: a community of persons with regard to what De Vaare GDE health inspections judge that there is an increased risk of the spread the Coronavirus COVID-19; 4 ° Contact Center: by the competent regional governments or by the competent agencies that the person concerned contacts the person concerned via each possibility of communication, including telephone, by e-mail or e-mail physical visit within the framework for the purposes as determined in Article 3, § 2 and which subsequently divides the collected data with the database I; 5 ° database I: the database bij sciensano to be established by means of this decision for the processing and exchange of data for the processing purposes provisions in article 3; 6 ° Database II: the existing database at Sciensano, used for scientific research and established by law of 10 April 2014 containing various provisions regarding health and the implementation of it concluded cooperation agreement between RIZIV and Sciensano and the Act of 25FeBruari 2018 establishing Sciensano; 7 ° Database III: the database with Belorderen Orders for the employees of the contact center in accordance with what stated in Article 10, §1; 8 ° Database IV: the database with contact details of collectivities; 9 ° Database V: the central log list that allows operation of operation of the digital contact investigation applications described in Article 14 to run in a controlled manner and which is held separately with sciensano separately of Database I and II; 10 ° INSZ number: the identification number referred to in article 8, § 1, 1 ° or 2 °, of the Act of January 15, 1990 establishing and organizational bench of social security; 11 ° mobile teams: employees of the COVID-Outbreaksupport team organized by the health inspections taken on the spot in the case of a cluster; 12 ° Persons I: the persons For whom the doctor has prescribed a Coronavirus COVID-19 Test; 13 ° Persons Category II: The persons with whom ee n Test on the coronaviruscovid-19 has been carried out; 14 ° persons Category III: the persons whose doctor has serious suspicions that they are infected with the Coronavirus COVID-19Without a test on the Coronaviruscovid-19 has been conducted or prescribed or where the test on the Coronavirus Covid-19 showed that Zeniet were infected; 15 ° persons Category IV: The persons with whom (i) the persons categoryii insofar as the Coronavirus Covid -19 tested that they are infected and (ii) the persons category III; have been in contact and this for a period of fourteen days before and after the first sign of infection with the Coronavirus COVID-19 in which a certain appreciation margin on the basis of scientific insights can be taken into account; 16 ° persons Category V: the treating doctors of the persons categories I, II, and III; 17 ° Persons Category VI: the reference doctor - or in the absence of a reference doctor at the relevant collectivity - the administrative responsibility collectivities with which the persons I, II and III for a period of fourteen days before and fourteen days after the first symptoms of the B Esminning with the Coronavirus COVID-19 in which a certain appreciation margin may be taken into account on the basis of scientific insights has been taken in contact; 18 ° pseudonymization or pseudonymized data: the processing of person data in such a way that the personal data can no longer be linked to a specific person concerned without it Additional data is used, provided that these additional data are stored separately and technical and organizational measures are taken to ensure that the person data is not linked to an identified or identifiable natural person, as stated in Article 4, 5) of the General Data Protection Regulation; 19 ° field researchers: employees of the contact centers who can make physical visits in the context of the contact study; 20 ° hospital: care institution as referred to in the coordinated law of 10 July 2008 on hospitals and other careinr ichtening, as well as rehabilitation commercials; 21 ° care provider: a health care practitioner as referred to in the Cörininated Act of 10 May 2015 on the exercise of the health care professions the law of 29 April 1999 on the non-conventional practices regarding medicine, the doctors, nursing, the kinesi therapy, de and the paramedical professions; § 2. This Stektertoe Decree: 1 ° within the framework of the manual contact investigation and the use of mobile teams: A.De Datatankank I to set up in which data is processed in the context of conducting contact research; b. Exchange data between the Database I and the Database III and IV in support of the contact centers designated by the competent regional authorities or by the competent agencies (including field researchers) and the establishment of these databases c. Data in between the Database I and the health inspection services as well as with the mobile teams; D.Autbraken of COVID-19 and clusters to identify and detect it. Measures for Spekkke Treffen for the dike of COVID-19 outbreaks and clusters; f. to provide advice to Personalie with the Coronavirus Covid-19 are infected, for which a doctor has a serious suspicion or for which there is a great risk that this is the case with a view to breaking the Coronavirus Covid-19; persons to whom advice has been granted to continue to follow; and the functions of the existing epidemiological monitoring by continuing to guarantee Sciensano.2 ° to set up a frame in order to make the digital contact examination possible by using a digital contact investigation application; 3 ° research institutions and administrations, including sciensano, to carry out scientific or statistical studies on the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 and/or to support the policy in this area, through the exchange of the data between Database I and Database II. § 3. Subject to the provisions, this Decree does not affect the applicable contact investigations for the detection of infectious infectious diseases in the context of material powers with regard to healthcare. § 4. The King may be adopted by a decision after consultation in the Council of Ministers and in the Interministerial Public Health Conference, the Further Rules Rulping are required for the implementation of this Decree. § 5. Contrary to Article 458 of the Criminal Code, the health care providers have been relieved of their duty of confidentiality from Hoofdevan this decision. In deviation from Article 458 of the Criminal Code, the contacted persons of confidentiality under this Decree. 2. § 1. Ineindede Objectives determined in Article 1, § 2 to be achieved is established within Sciensano Databasi in whichThe categories of data as described in Article 6 in the context of the processing purposes as described in Article 3 are processed. This data is communicated by the authority servants or on behalf of the authorized persons of the hospitals, and the laboratories, as well as the doctors and the employees of the contact center, the health inspection services and the mobile teams. § 2. The database i is established without prejudice to the existing database bankii. For the achievement of the objective under Article 1, § 2, 1 °, h and 3 °, data from Database I will be pseudonimized before being included in database in accordance with the provisions of Articles 9 and 10. § 3. In order to achieve the objectives determined in Article 1, § 2, 1 °, B, E, F and G, in addition to the Database I, the following temporary data benches are also established between the categories of data determined in Article6 will be exchanged, although only for the processing purposes specified in Article 3 in accordance with what is determined in Article 10: 1 ° Database III; 2 ° Database IV.§ 4. Sciensano is the controller of the Databases I and II. §5. The competent regional authorities or the agencies designated by the competent authorities act as a controller for the Database III and IV with regard to the personal data collected and used by the competent regional authorities or by the competent contact centers and taking appropriate measures Persons stipulated in Article4 of the information and Article 34 of the General Data Protection Regulation referred to in Articles 13 and 14 of the General Data Protection Regulation and the Communication Regulation in connection with the processing for the processing purposes determined in Article 3, §2 In a concise, transparent, understandable and easily accessible form and in clear and simple language. Chapter II. - Processing purposes. 3. §1. The processing of the personal data in the Database I aims at the following processing purposes: 1 ° the posting of the Database I to the competent contact center (including field researchers) of the categories of personal data of (i) persons Category in Article 7, § 2, for As far as the Coronavirus COVID-19 Test showed that they are infected and (ii) persons category III; through exchange on Database III, for contacting the persons referred to in this paragraph, through any possible way of communication, including by telephone, by e-e-e-e-e Mail or via physical visit, possibly give recommendations, but especially to ask them to provide information, such as contact details, risk of contamination of the contact and date of the contact, about the persons with whom side contact has had; 2 ° A. de posting the Data Bank I, to the competent contact center of the categories of personal data in Article 7, § 3, by means of Exchange the Database III, for contacting the persons category IV, through any possible way of communication, including by telephone, by e-mail or via physical visit, to provide them with hygiene and prevention guidelines, among other things to be tested to be tested the Coronavirus Covid-19, as well as the further follow-up thereof; b. the posting the Datatzank I, to the competent contact center of the categories of personal data in Article 7, § 4, by means of exchange to the Database III, for contacting the Personal categories V and VI, through any possible way of communication, including by telephone, By e-mail of the collectivity, to inform them about the (suspected) infection of (i) DEMONEN Category II insofar as the COVID-19 Coronavirus test shows that they were infected, and (ii) persons category III; 3; 3 ° the provision of the categories of personal data of Persons I, II and III, by the Database I, to the authority -to -do teams and health inspection services of the Communities, referred to in the Flemish Parliament of 21 November 2003 on the Database I, and III. Preventive health policy, the decree of the parliament of the German -speaking community of 1 June 2004 BE striking the health promotion and with regard to medical prevention and its implementing decisions, the ordinance of the United Meeting of the Commission Committee of 19 July 2007 on the preventive health policy, the Decree of the Walloon Parliament of 2 May 2019 amending the Walloon Social Action and Health prevention and promotion of healthThe decision of the United College of the Joint Community Committee of 23 April 2009 on the prophylaxis against transfer areas, the decision of the Flemish Government of 19 June 2009 on initiatives to prevent harmful effects caused by biotic factors, in the context of initiatives to extend harmful effects caused by infectious diseases, go against, each within their competence always in accordance with Article 10, § 2, for the performance of their regulatory assignments; 4 ° the provision of pseudonimized, personal data falls under the categories of personal data as set out under Article 6 of persons categoriesi up to and including V in accordance with what is determined in Article 10 to the already existing database of Sciensanoopgericht by law of 10 April 2014 containing various health provisions and the Collaborationsovation concluded in implementation. Erbiking between RIZIV and Sciensano to make the pseudonymizing data stated in this paragraph available after anonymization, or at least pseudonymization in case dataonimization would not allow the research institutions to their scientific or statistical studies, including the research institutions, including the research institutions, including the research institutions, including the research institutions, including the research institutions, foreseeable procedure end The research institutions to be able to make scientific or statistical studies on the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 and/or to support the policy in this area after pseudonimization in accordance with Title 4 of the law of 30 July 2018 relevant protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data.§ 2. The contact center eyes indicated by the competent regional authorities or by the competent agencies, insofar as they are competent and in accordance with Article 10, § 1: 1 ° the in Article 7, §2 determination LDE categories of personal data of (i) the persons category II insofar as the Coronaviruscovid-19 test showed that they are infected and (ii) of the persons category III process to contact the persons referred to in DITLID through any possible way of communication, including by telephone, by e-mail or via physical visit, to possibly give them recommendations, but especially to ask them information, such as contact details, risk of infection of the contact and date of the contact, troubled by the persons with whom they have had contact; 2 ° A. The categories of personal data in Article 7, §3, to contact the persons category IV, possible through the Possible way of communication, including by telephone, by e-mail or via physical visit, to them under other hygiene and prevention guidelines to be provided, to propose quarantine or invite to be tested for the Coronavirus COVID-19, as well as the further follow-up thereof; b. dein Article 7, § 4, process certain categories of personal data for contacting the persons V and VI, through any possible way of communication, including telephone, Pere-mail or via visit to the collectivity, to inform them about the (suspected ) infection of the persons category II insofar as the COVID-19 Coronavirus test showed that they have been infected, and the persons category III; § 3. The competent mobile teams and health inspection services of the communities, referred to in the Decree of the Flemish Parliament of 21 November 2003 on the preventive health policy, the decree of the German -speaking community of 1 June 2004 on health promotion and on medical prevention and its medical prevention Implementation decisions, the ordinance of 19 July 2007 on preventive health policy, the decree of 2 May2019 amending the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health with regard to the prevention and promotion of health, the decision of the United College of the Community Community Commission 23 April 2009 on prophylaxis against transferable diseases, the decision of the Flemish government of 19 June 2009 on initiatives to prevent the expansion of harmful effects caused by biotic factors, in the context of initiatives to expand SCHA effective effects caused by infectious diseases may, each within their competence atmosphere in accordance with Article 10, § 2, may process the categories of personal data of Persons I, II and III in Article 6, to fulfill their regulatory assignments.§ 4 . The data collected under this Decree may not be used for the objectives of this article, in particular, but not exclusively police, commercial, taxcriminal or state security associated with objectives. Chapter III. -S whose personal data is processed in the context of current decision art. 4. for the processing purposes determined in Article 3, the categories of personal data will be determined in the articles 6, 7, 8 and 9, of this Decree, of the following persons, 1 ° DEMENERS Category I; 2 ° the persons II; 3; 3; 3; 3; ° the persons category III; 4 ° the persons category IV; 5 ° the persons category V; 6 ° the persons category VI. - Categories of personal data that are collected in the context of current decision art.5. The personal data collected and processed within the framework of this Decree are processed in accordance with the regulations on the protection in the processing of personal data, in particular the common data protection regulation and the law of 30 July 2018 on the protection of natural persons with regard to processing of personal data.art. 6. § 1. A mandatory reporting for the persons as referred to in the Decree of the Flemish Parliament of 21 November 2003 on the preventive health policy, the Decree of 2 May 2019 amending the Walloon Code of VANSOCIAL ACTION AND HEALTH with regard to prevention and promotion of Health, the ordinance fan 19 July 2007 on the preventive health policy and the decision of the United Collegean the common community committee of 23 April 2009 on prophylaxis against transfer areas, and the decree of the parliament of the German-speaking community of 1 June 2004 health promotion and with regard to medical prevention and its implementing decisions, is in derogation from these regulations to the Database I. A mandatory report of the persons categoryi whose doctor has no suspicion of being infected with COVID-19 and of the persons category in which the test showed that that there is no infection e n what is not disputed by the doctor is done in the framework of this partnership to the Database I. § 2. The Datonsbanki contains, insofar as available, the following categories of personal data of the persons category for the purposes determined in Article 3, § 1: 1 ° the INSZ number; 2 ° the name and first name; 3 ° the gender; 4 ° the date of birth and, where appropriate, the date of death; 5 ° the address; 6 ° contact details, including telephone numbering e-number e-mail address of the person concerned and the legal representative, and the designation of the relationship of these persons to the person concerned (parent, guardian, general practitioner, ...); 7 ° date of the start of symptoms; 8 ° the RIZIV number of the presistor of the test on the Coronavirus COVID-19; 9 ° Data with regard to the prescribed test on the Coronavirus COVID-19, including ded date and the type of prescribed test on the Coronavirus COVID-19; 10 ° the indication of the HalDal then exercise the Profession of Z Orgvlier; 11 ° the hospital department, the identification numbering location data of the hospital, if the person concerned is hospitalized; 12 ° possibly the result of the CT scan, if the person concerned is hospitalized; 13 ° the possible collectivity of the person concerned or is in contact with it if the identification number of the National Register referred to in Article 8, § 1, 1 °, of the Law of 15 January 1990 is available and organization of an intersection bank of social security, the name date, the date of birth, gender and the Address collected from the National Register or from the Kruispuntbank Registers intended in Article 4 of the Law of 15 January 1990 establishing and organization of a Crossroads Bank of Social Security. § 3. The database I contains, insofar as available, the following categories of personal data of the persons category II: 1 ° The data referred to in §2; 2 ° the date, result, steel number and type of the test on the COVID-13 Coronavirus 3 ° the RIZIV number of the lab carried out by the test; 4 ° in the event of a test result-on land that could not be contaminated, the possible decision to overrulring from here a doctor; 5 ° in the event of a test result on the basis of which No infection could be stamped, the RIZIV number of the doctor who took overruing decision. The person data referred to in 1 °, 2 ° and 3 °, are communicated to Sciensano by the following information providers: the persons authorized to do so or on behalf of the authorized persons from the laboratory, the hospital or other healthcare institution or care provider who carried out the test. The data meant in, 4 ° and 5 °, are communicated to Sciensano by the doctor who has taken the decision to overrul.the following categories of personal data of the persons category III: 1 ° the INSZ number; 2 ° the name and first name; 3 ° the gender; 4 ° the date of birth and, where appropriate, the date of death; 5 ° the address; 6 ° the Contact details, including the telephone number and e-mail address of Debetokke and of the person to be contacted in an emergency, and the designation of the relationship of these persons to the person concerned (parents, guardian, general practitioner, ...); 7 ° the suspected diagnosevan infection with the Coronavirus COVID-19; 8 ° the RIZIV number of the doctor who formulates the serious suspicion; 9 ° the indication of the whether the profession of care provider whether the profession of care provider of the person concerned of which the person concerned is part of that matters or has come into contact; 11 ° date of the start of symptoms; 12 ° the data necessary for the contact center to put use of use with the person concerned, including postcode and language. These data are being used to sciensano by the AR TS who has a serious suspicion that the persons category III are infected with the Coronavirus Covid-19. If the identification number of the National Register in Article 8, § 1, 1 °, of the law of 15 January 1990 is established and organization of a Crossroads Bank of Social Security, the name and first name, the date of birth, gender and address will become Retrieved from the National Register or the Kruispuntbank Registers referred to in Article4 of the Act of 15 January 1990 establishing and organization of an intersection bank of social security. § 5. The database I contains, insofar as available, the following personal data of the persons category IV (and where applicable: of the persons category II, insofar as the Coronaviruscovid-19 test showed that they are infected and (ii) persons category III ) communicated by the contact centers to Sciensano indicated by the authorized authorities or by the competent agencies: 1 ° the INSZ number; 2 ° the name and first name; 3 ° the gender; 4 ° the date of birth, where appropriate the date of death; 5; ° the address; 6 ° the contact details, including the telephone number and the e-mail address; 7 ° the data required for the contact center to make further useful contact with the person referred to in this section and the list with persons with whom the person referred to in this Section has recently had contact, including Vanpostcode and Language and the estimated risk of infection of the person referred to in this section; 8 ° list of collectivities of which the person meant d in this section part of it or has come into contact with, the data of which is communicated by the Database IV; 9 ° the relevant criteria for estimation for high or low infection risk and giving advice, including of the eventual symptoms, time of starting symptoms, type of prescribed test, doctor's visit, registration do any refusal to doctor's visit; 10 ° the relevant data communicated to the contact center by the person referred to in this section with regard to the movements, and follow-up of insulation and hygiene measures; 11 ° the parent fact that there has been a contact between the person IV and persons category I, III, including the part of the household of the person category IV.12 ° the answer to the demand designation or the persons II, As far as the Coronavirus Covid-19 test showed that they are infected; (ii) persons category III; or (iii) the persons category IV; Making use of a digital contact detection application or not. § 6. The database I contains the following additional data (i) of the persons category II, insofar as the Coronavirus COVID-19 Test showed that they are infected persons category III and IV collected and supplied by the competent contact centers: all data that is necessary for the organization and follow -up of the contact with the person concerned by the employees of the Contact Center, such as the language of the person concerned, the contact status of the person concerned, the ticket numbers of the contact recordings or the attempts to contact you, the types of contact names, the time of the Tickets, the time and the duration of the contact, the result of the contact. §7. The database I contains the following additional data of the persons belonging to a cluster, collected and supplied by the competent mobile teams or health inspection services: all data that is necessary for the organization and follow -up of contact with the person concerned of the clusterer employees of the contact center Including the language of the person concerned, the contact status of the person concerned, the ticket numbers of the contact shots or the attempts to contact Names, the species contacts, the time of the tickets, the time and duration of the contactnameThe result of the contactname.art. 7. § 1. The Database III contains the categories of personal data that are communicated by Sciensano from the Database I to the contact center for the purposes determined by the competent regional authorities or by the competent agencies as determined in Article3, § 1, 1 ° and 2 ° . § 2. The Database III contains the following categories of personal data of (i) The persons category II insofar as the Coronavirus COVID-19 Test showed that these persons infectious and (ii) the persons category III: 1 ° the INSZ number; 2 ° the name and the first name; 3 ° the gender; 4 ° the date of birth; 5 ° the contact details, including the address, telephone number and e-mail address and the persons to be contacted in an emergency; 6 ° the needless for the contact center to use useful to make contact with the person concerned, including Vanpostcode and Language; 7 ° the indication that the person must be called as (presumably) infected person to detect his contacts; 8 ° if applicable, the test result and the date of the test; ° the ticket number, date, time and result of the contact recording.§ 3. The Database III contains the following categories of personal data of persons Categoryiv: 1 ° the INSZ number; 2 ° the name and first name; 4 The gender; ° the date of birth E n, where appropriate the date of death; 5 ° the address; 6 ° decontact data, including the telephone number and the e-mail address; 7 ° the data necessary for the contact center to make further useful contact with the person referred to in this paragraph and the list with persons with whom the person referred to in this section has recently contact, including postcode and language and the estimated risk of infection of the person referred to in this section; 8 ° list of collectivities of which the person referred to in this section is part or came into contact with , of which the data is communicated by the data bank IV; 9 ° the relevant criteria for high or low infection risks and giving advice, including of an indevent symptoms, time of starting symptoms, type of prescribed test, doctor's visit, registration fan any refusal to doctor's visit 10 ° the data DO DO or the person referred to in this section with regard to the movements, symptoms, and follow-up of isolation, prevention and hygiene measures; 11 ° the mere fact that there has been a contact between, and including the part of the household of, De Person Category IV and (I) On the one hand the Persons II as far as the Coronavirus COVID-19 Test sophistications are infected and (II) on the other hand the Persons III. §4. The database I contains the following categories of data category VI: 1 ° name, type, contact details of the collectivity; 2 ° contact information of reference doctors/or responsible for the collectivity, including name, first name and telephone number.art.8 . The database IV contains the following categories of personal data VI Category for the purposes as determined in Article 3, § 1, 2 °, B: 1 ° identification number out of authentic source and internal identification number; 2 ° name, type, address, number As displayed in the Kruispuntbank of the Enterprises, of the collectivity of which the person is a part or has come into contact with; 3 ° contact information of reference doctor and/or responsible for the collectivity, including name, first name and telephone number. 9. § 1. The database II is filled with the personal data listed in Article 6 of the persons categories I, II and III, do not after pseudonymization, and this exclusively for the purposes determined in Article 1, §2, 1 °, g , Article 1, § 2, 3 ° and Article 3, § 1, 4 °. In particular, it concerns the following categories of personal data: 1 ° a unique number that does not allow the person to identify the year of birth and, where appropriate, the year and month of death; 3 ° the gender; 4 ° the postcode; 5; ° the RIZIV number of the presistor of the test on the Coronavirus COVID-19; 6 ° the type, date, sample number and the result of a test or the suspected diagnosis in the absence of test; 7 ° the RIZIV number of the lab that has performed the test; 8 ° in case of a negative test result, a possible decision to overrue of this by a doctor; 9 ° in the event of overruing of a negative test result, the RIZIV number of the doctor who has overruling the decision; ° the type and zip code of any collectivity of which the person is a part or has come into contact; 11 ° the result of medical examinationsincluding the result of the CT scan; 12 ° the indication of the whether or not the profession of care provider's profession; 13 ° data communicated to the contact center, including symptoms, date of the first symptoms, travel, follow-up of insulation and hygiene measures; 14 ° the mere fact that there has been a contact between, and including the part of the household of, the person category IV and (i) on the one hand the Persons II insofar as the coronaviruscovid-19 test showed that these persons and (ii) on the other hand the Persons III.§ 2. The Datatzank II, is supplemented with the personal data listed in Article 6 of Depersonies category IV, but only after pseudonymization and this exclusively for the purposes as determined in Article 3, § 1 , 4 °. In particular, it concerns the following personal data: 1 ° Eenunic number that does not allow to identify the person; 2 ° the year of birth and, in accomplishing, the year and month of death; 3 ° the gender; 4 ° symptoms; 5 ° non -contact with vulnerable persons; 6 ° the result and date of the prescribed test; 7 ° exercise the profession of care provider; 8 ° the strictly necessary data met related to the contact recording, including date of ticket and general result of the contact in the form of a code; 9 ° all relevant criteria for estimate for high or low risk; 10 ° postal code of the address. Chapter V. - Access and transfer of personal data art.10. § 1. The contact centers designated by the competent regional governments or by the competent agencies have only access to the categories of personal data of (i) the Persons II of (i) the Persons II within their own atmosphere of competence Coronavirus Covid-19 test showed that they are infected and (ii) the people categories III, IV, V and VI. Access to this personal data is only for the purposes stated in Article 3, § 1, 1 °, and 2 °, Article 3, § 2 and Article 3, § 1, 3 ° in particular the identification of the patient, of The collectivity to which he belongs or with which he is in contact and of the people with whom he came into contact. § 2. The competent mobile teams and the health inspection services of the communities have, within their own competence atmosphere, only for the purposes stated in Article 3, § 1, 3 °, access to the decorations of personal data of the Persons I, II, referred to in Article 6, III and IV and where necessary of the passenger categories V and VI in the Database I, in particular in the context of initiatives to prevent expansion of disadvantable effects caused by infectious diseases. § 3. The person data as communicated and stored in the Database I may be further passed on, after pseudonymization to the Database II exclusively for the purposes as determined in Article 3, § 1, 4 °, in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation and the Act of September 5 ,2018 establishing the information security committee. The personal data as communicated and stored in the Datatzank II, can only be passed on to third parties for the purposes in Article 3, § 1, 4 °, after the deliberation, as referred to in Article 11, by the Social Security and Health of the Informatieheidscommité . Chapter VI. - Authority of the information security committee. 11. § 1. Insofar as not included in this Decree, both the communication of personal data to Sciensano for processing in the Database I, and the further notification of that personal data by Sciensano to third parties, always after deliberation the Chamber of Social Security and Health of The Information Safety Committee referred to in the Act of 5 September 2018 establishing the Information Safety Committee and changing various laws in question the implementation of the General Data Protection Regulation. § 2. Without prejudice to the application of § 1, the Chamber provides social security and health of the information security committee exclusively deliberations with regard to the announcements to or by the database I, of Sciensano for the extent that they intend the purposes referred to in Article 3, without the Chamber of Social Security and Health of the Information Safety Committee itself can determine any other purpose. § 3. The Chamber Social Security and Health of the Information Safety Committee can further clarify per processing purposes in Article 3 which specific personal data can be processed within a certain category of personal data and that are communicated to one of the Databas II, III and IV, or those from the Database IV, to the Database I, must be communicatedAs far as the realization of the relevant processing purposes. This authority is implemented in accordance with Article 46 of the Act of 15 January 1990 establishing and organization of a crossroads bank of social security. On the basis of this authority, the Social Security Chamber Health of the Information Safety Committee The Personal Data within the above category of personal data specified in Article6 Determines whether it will add further, Sciensano will make this clearly known on the hair website in accordance with the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation. § 4. In accordance with Article 1, § 4, and without prejudice to the application of §§ 1, 2, and 3, (i) the institutions that may fall under the collectivities may (ii) include the categories of information providers that must include personal data Share sciensano for storage and further processing thereof in the data benches (iii) specified in Article 2, § 1 The categories of personal data that are processed in the data banks referred to in Article 2 is clarified, amended or supplemented by a decision as referred to in Article 1 §4 .Art. 12. § 1. In the context of its powers determined in Article 11, §3, the Chamber of Social Security and Health of the Information Safety Committee determines the Further Control Star Zaede and determines at least the following elements: 1 ° the additional personal data to be requested and under which processing purposes of the personal data processing purposes specified in Article 3 must be requested; 2 ° the identity of the controller; 3 ° under which of the categories of the additional personal data are included in articles 6, 7, 8 and 9, insofar as they are sufficient and relevant and are limited to what necessary for the processing purposes as determined in 1 °; 4 ° the categories of persons who are processed in Article 4 about whom additional personal data are processed; 5 ° the measures to insurance a legitimate and fair processing of the personal data; 6 ° the way in which the persons of whom the person Traditions are processed in knowledge of that processing corresponding decision. § 2. Only for the processing purposes stated in Article 3, access is accessed to the National Register referred to in Article 1 of the Act of 8 August 1983 Regeling a National Register of Natural Persons and the Kruispuntbank Registers referred to in Article 4 of the Act of 15 January 1990 containing establishment and organization of a intersection bank of social security.§ 3. A communication of personal data from other authentic sources to the Database Iveealist a deliberation of the Chamber of Social Security and Health of the Information Safety Committee, insofar as the announcement of this additional personal data is required for the processing purposes determined in Article 3. Chapter VII. - Safety measures. 13. § 1.Sciensano, with regard to data banks I and II, and the competent regional authorities or the agencies designated by the authorities, with regard to data banks III and IV, take appropriate technical measures in accordance with Article 32 of the General Data Protection Regulation to guarantee the risk of security level. § 2. Sciensano, the data benches I and II, and the competent regional authorities or the agencies -designated agencies, with regard to data banks III and IV, will meet the principles of data protection by design and by standard institutions as determined in Article 25 of The Alarm Ordinance Data Protection. Chapter VIII. - Digital investigation applications. § 1. The digital contact detection application to prevent the further distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 is aimed at informing users that they have had a risky contact with another infected user, without the contaminated user being identified by the digital contact detection application, And with the further goal that the informed usered person itself would voluntarily take the necessary steps, based on the recommendations of Sciensano and the competent authorities, to prevent further spread of the COVID-19 Coronavirus. §2. The digital contact detection application is limited to the processing of that information die must allow: 1 ° contacts between the users of the digital contact discharge planning are being captured without the identity of a user being traced; 2 ° when a user falls within the category of ( i) the persons category II insofar as the Coronavirus Covid-19 test showed that this user is infected or (ii) the persons category III; the user the COVID-19BesFetation on a voluntaryAnonymized, at least pseudonymized, can report manner by means of their own active action; 3 ° users of the digital contact detection application are expected if they have been in the vicinity of a user infected with COVID-19 who has reported this in accordance with what has been determined In 2 °. §3. The digital contact investigation application must meet the following minimum conditions: 1 ° The digital contact detection application has been worked out with the reference the Decentralized Privacy-Preserversproximity tracing (DP3T) Protocol; 2 ° The digital contact review application consists of the user application that by the user application is installed and a central log list that allows the operation of the digital contact detection application as described in §2, 2 ° and 3 ° in a controlled manner; 3 ° Sciensano is the controller's log list, as referred to in § 3, 2 ° , which is stored in Datatankank V; 4 ° the digital contact detection application can provide interoperability with other European member states, countries that are part of the European Economic Area or countries that are regarded as an appropriate level of data protection by the European Commission as determined in the General Data Protection Regulation (Adequacy Decree), which also use the protocol stated in the point 1 ° and offer the same or equivalent guarantees to data protection; 5 ° The communication between devices on which the application was installed is only based on data on the basis of which the user does not can be identified; 6 ° The DigitalContactpreciation application allows a user, whose infection has been established with COVID-19 has been determined, to use an authorization code in order to ensure that only validated information and informational accounts can be informed of the controller of the central log list, and thus thus, accidental and incorrect reports of contamination via the digital contact detection application in terms of; 7 ° the digital contact detection application ensures that only the fact of infection, as well as the date on which the user has probably become contagious, are communicated to the blast Responsible for the central log list, and this in a way that the identity of the user cannot be obsolete; 8 ° The digital contact detection application allows users to use the digital contact investigation application on their device, temporarily or not, to switch off, and the digital contact investigation applications at any time are deactivated by the user, whereby it is guaranteed that the installation of the digital contact detection application is not more difficult than its installation; 9 ° The central log list in Database V can be deactivated at any time, and the processing of data for all Users, whether or not temporarily, can be stopped, by a decision as referred to in Article 1 § 4.; 10 ° The central log list in Database V is in any case deactivatedzodra determines by a decision as referred to in Article 1 § 4 that it is not more needed to manage the termination of the exitstr Ategie; The central log list is deactivated at the latest after 1 year, unless a decision as referred to in Article 1 § 4 is necessary that an extension of this period is necessary; 11 ° The user must be able to report a voluntary establishment of contamination via the Digital contact investigation applications The central log list, without the identity of the user being able to be obsolete and whereby whereby where to allow a user to allow himself to authentize, if it wishes to pass on if possible are kept outside the contact investigation application, and in any case Never be passed on to the central log list, and immediately after a successful authentication are removed from the contact detection application; 12 ° no geolocation data is used or processed on single manier in the digital contact detection application.13 ° when a user receives a notification of E And contact with an infected user, then pendulum details are communicated that would allow the infected user to identify; 14 ° the full source codeIn particular, the application layer that ensures that the data transmitted to Degatensbank V and where the individual cannot be identified as well as the interface of the digital contact detection application is made public; § 4. The digital contact detection application transfers the principles contained in Article 5 of the General Data Protection Regulation. Singal data that is necessary to be able to confirm a COVID-19 BE-user and to inform users of the digital contact detection application that they are for a certain have found time in the proximity of a person infected with COVID-19, can be processed. These categories are exhaustively listed in this Decree or, if necessary in the decisions referred to in Article 1 §4. § 5. Installing, using and de-installing the digital contact detection application by a user is only done on a voluntary basis. Then do not install it, whether or not to use the mobile application of the digital contact investigation application cannot give rise to any civil or controlled measure, to any discriminatory act or to any advantage or disadvantage.§ 6. All data related to contacts between users, stored on the user's device, will be deleted at the latest three weeks after they have been generated In the final equipment of the user of a digital contact detection application. Data that ends up in the central log list may no longer be used by the user's end equipment. The information stored in the log list must be deleted at the latest three weeks after it was included in the log list. DEDATA linked to the voluntary passing on a COVID-19 established infection and the data that is used for authentication of the infected person, insofar as this information is information In application of § 2, 2 °, it must be immediately deleted on the device of the user needs, they were entered in the contact investigation application. § 7. Neither the contact detection application, nor the data processed with it, may be used for other objectives, but not exclusively, but not just police, commercial, criminal, or state security -bound objectives. Conditions determined in Title 4 of the Law of 30 July 2018 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data with a view to archiving the public interest, scientific or historical research or statistical purposes referred to inart. 89, §§ 2 and 3 of the General Data Protection Regulation. §8. In implementation of Articles 35 and 36 of the General Data Protection Regulation, a data protection effect assessment is drawn up and published. § 9. The further effect of the contact detection application and the useful data processing is regulated in that context as referred to in Article 1 § 4, without that it can be detracted from the provisions of this article. This executive decision contains at least: 1 ° a description of the investigation system, in particular to ensure that the risks limited by the DP3T protocol 2 ° a clear description of the processing arising from the use of the contact detection application and a clear definition of important concepts such as risk contact, authorization code, secured key and non-personalized temporary serial number; 3 ° the technical specifications that the contact investigation application will have to meet; 4 ° the necessary specifications to provide interoperability with other European member states, countries of the European Economic Area or countries that are regarded as a country with an appropriate protection level regarding data protection by the European Commission as determined in the General Regulation. NS protection (adequacy decision), which also offer the protocol customs stated in the point 1 ° and the same or equivalent guarantees to data protection; 5 ° the specific regions to limit the risk of re-identification based on the authentization of the infected user; 6 ° the manner on which the parties involved are informed about the operation of the contact detection applications the exchange of data they generate; 7 ° the procedure for checking the proper operation of the contact detection application. Chapter IX. - Storage period. 15.§ 1. Subject to the provisions of § 2the personal data from the Datatanbanki will be deleted at the latest 60 days after it is saved. The personal data from the database III is deleted daily. The personal data from the Database IV is either erased every 10 years. The data stored in the database V is deleted at the latest after 3 weeks, in conforming stated in Article 14, § 6. The personal data received, with the exception of Vandeze from Databases IV and V, will in any case be deleted by the controller on 20 October 2020. § 2. The pseudonymized personal data as determined in Article10, § 3, which are transmitted for the processing purposes as stipulated in Article 3, §1, 4 °, will be deleted in accordance with the law of 10 April 2014 containing various provisions of health and the Collaboration Agreement concluded in implementation between RIZIV and Sciensano. - Transparency and rights of stakeholders. 16. § 1. Sciensano, as Controller's Responsible Van de Data Banks I and II, takes appropriate measures to ensure the information referred to in Articles 13s 14 of the General Data Protection Regulation and the data protection Regulation The aforementioned communication in connection with the processing for the purposes stipulated in Article 3 in a concise, transparent, understandable easily accessible form and in clear and simple language. § 2. Sciensano creates and maintains a website for which adequate information is published for the benefit of the persons referred to in Article 4 in accordance with Article 14 of the General Regulation Data Protections, the contact details of the Data Protection Officer. §3. Sciensano maintains and manages a system for the exercise of the rights determined in Articles 15 to22 and Article 34 of the General Data Protection Regulation. §4. Sciensano, the competent regional governments and agencies designated by the competent regional authorities, each transparently determine their respective responsibilities within their competence atmosphere, in particular with regard to the exercise of the rights of the person concerned and the provision of information. that contains the modalities of a processing agreement and an agreement for the sharing of personal data, in which the respective roles and relationships of the joint processing managers are determined towards those involved .Art. 17. This decision enters into force on 1 July 2020 and keeps effect on the day on which a collaborative agreement between the Federal State, the Flemish Community, the Walloon Region, the German -speaking Community and the Uniform Community Commission, concerning the joint data processing by Sciensanoen the by the competent regional governments or contact centers, health inspections and mobile teams designated by the competent agencies in the context of a contact survey among persons who are (presumably) infected with the Coronavirus COVID-19 on the basis of a data sofa at Sciensano. on October 15, 2020.Art. 18. The Minister for Social Affairs and Public Health is charged with the implementation of this Decree. Given Tebrussel, 26 June 2020.Filip of Koningswege: the Minister of Social Health, Public Health, m. De BlockPublication: 2020-06-29NUMAC: 2020041950Federal Public Service Public Health, Safety of the Food Chain and Leefmilieu26 June 2020.-Royal Decree No. 44 concerning the joint data processing by Sciensano and the contacts and the competent agencies or by the competent agencies and contacts and the competent agencies and Mobile teams in the context of a contact survey among persons who are (presumably) infected with the Coronavirus COVID-19 on the basis of a database at Sciensanoverlagaan de Koningsire, in the context of the COVID-19 Health crisis in Belgium, the Royal Decree no. 18 A database was established from 4 May 2020 at Sciensano, the Belgian Institute of Public Health. This contains specific data, necessary for the detection and contact of deprocated persons, for the realization of scientific, statistical and/or policy support investigations and for the completion of the assignments of the health inspection services of the Communities Regions in the context of initiatives to expand harmful effects , caused by infectious diseases, to prevent the Royal Decree no. 18 of 4 May 2020, however, held effect on 4 June 2020. Since it was great for achieving the aforementioned purposes that the database was also after that date (temporarily) if such a could continue to exist, the Royal Decree no. 25 was approved to maintain it until 30 June 2020. In its advisory number. 67,425/3 of 26 May 2020 on a bill `establishing a database at Sciensano in the context of the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 ', the content of which is almost the content of Royal Decree No 18, 18, the legislation of the legislation of State formulates, among other things, following considerations and conclusions: "The detection of COVID-19-BESSFECTIONS (...] to the competence of the communities. That authority also includes the establishment of a regulation for the protection of the protection of the protection of the protection of the protection of protection Natural persons in the processing of Personal Data Dienaar Get Red reason for that investigation are collected. To the extent that the bill submitted for advice provides rules with regard to the processing of that personal data, the community competence in preventive health care is therefore entering. , § 2, of the bill in rules is provided with regard to the assignments and the working method from the contact center that is charged with the detection of COVID-19-Bes making. These rules also belong to the community authority on preventive health care. The processing of the personal data in the database is also done in the context of the federal powers on scientific research [...]. In that respect, the surveillance activities with which Sciensano is taxable is taxed by Article 4 of the Act of 25 February 2018 `establishing Sciensano '. The conclusion therefore that the bill relates to both federal and community powers. In addition, the two aspects in the proposed regulation appear to be closely linked. The bill submitted for advice can only be passed in its current form if it would be formed into a cooperation agreement for which parliamentary approval is required. "The consultation committee of 30 May 2020 then made the following decision:" In the light of the Council of State's advice concerning the bill on tracing and the database, it was decided to conclude a cooperation agreement. "Deinterministerial Conference Public Health worked one Design of the Cooperation Agreement between the Federalestate, the Flemish Community, the Walloon Region, the German -speaking Community and the Common Community Commission, concerning the joint data processing by Sciensano and the authorities or the competent agencies Contact centers indicated, health inspections mobile teams in the context of a contact survey among persons who are (presumably) infected with the coronaviruscovid-19 on the basis of a database at Sciensano. This design was approved by the consultation committee on 25 June 2020 after which the Procedure for the approval was approved Due to the Different Regulations and Parliaments of the Little States, the Royal Decree no. 18 as amended by Royal Decree No. 25 of 28 May 2020, however, holds on to 30 June 2020. Since it is to achieve the aforementioned purposes of large The importance is that the database cook can continue to exist (temporarily) as such after that dateIt is proposed to maintain this 15 October 2020. The period for deleting the personal data is adjusted accordingly (20 October 2020 instead of 5 July 2020). This Royal Decree provides a temporary regulation that takes the advisory account of the advice 67.425/3 t.e.m.67.427/3 and 67.424/3 of the Council of State and No. 42/2020 and 49/2020 of the data protection authority. The present decision is virtually identical to the content of the aforementioned approved design of the cooperation agreement, which is submitted to the Council of State and the Data Protection Authority Sales for advice. Although the World Health Organization (WHO) has the outbreak of the SARS-COV-ONT 2-virus, which causes COVID-19's disease, declared a pandemic. Also Belgia is not spared v An this pandemic. In the context of the COVID-19 Health crisis and to combat a more distribution of the disease, the National Security Council, in which, in addition to the federal government's representatives, representatives of the federal states were taxed in order to take each other in accordance with the further to limit the spread of COVID-19.1. Although general objectives of the contacts of infected persons and encouraging these contacts to take the necessary measures, is crucial to prevent new infections that Devolks health threaten. Contact research and detection can be used in various ways. The most obvious methods are manual and digital contact detection. An of the necessary measures in the manual contact examination is the early detection of person-to-be infected with COVID-19 or of which there is a serious suspicion that they are infected with Covid-19, so that they are infected, so that they are infected, so that they are infected, so that The necessary recommendations can be given to these persons (home isolation, telecommuting, etc.) to prevent them from infecting other people with the SARS-COV-2 virus. Since this forms a task of preventive healthcare, its authority is due to the federal states. Signal contagiousness of the SARS-COV-2 virus, it is also necessary to check with which persons the infected person presumably infected person has been in contact (contact detection ), so that these spends necessary recommendations can also be given (testing, limiting contacts and so on) to prevent a rider distribution of COVID-19. These tasks of contact detection also fall under the manual contact examination. Here too, this forms a task of preventive health care that resorts under the material competence of the federal states. Tracing the COVID-19-BesTingsdan also belongs to the competence of the communities. This authority also includes determining a regulation for the protection of natural persons in the processing of personal data that is collected as a result of that investigation. In order to ensure that the data processing of this manual contact study in the whole of Belgium runs uniform, Sciensano, Belgian Institute for Public Health, was instructed to collect health and contact details of patients from doctors, laboratories and to process in one central database. Central database is necessary, given the mobility of the citizens through the various states. Maintaining a different data banks per state should therefore mean that databases should interact with each other on the moment that such movements occur. In the practical field, this interacting could ensure a delayed effect of the contact centers, where other states should be waited for input. In addition, passing on personal data between different decentralized databases regularly entails a much greater risk of data breaches. Because of this reasons, the advice of the Data Protection Authority to set up decentralized databases, not being finished. With a view to a safer and more efficient policy, this decision aims to first of all provide de -Juridic basis for this central database. This database at Sciensano, which is established by means of this decision (hereinafter "Datatensbank I"), will provide for the exchange of data with the databasesThese are established to support the contact centers designated by the competent regional governments or by the competent agencies. The latter - also centrally -hosted data benches (hereinafter "Databas III and IV") - are also established by means of this decision. TENEWEDEDE Health inspection services and the mobile teams allow the tasks entrusted to them (including the identification and tracing outbreaks of COVID -19 and clusters, the measures taking on the spot, to be able to properly exercise COVID-19 outbreaks and clusters), it is also necessary that an exchange of the data between the Database I and the Health Inspection Services, as well as with the Mobile teams.voorts the functions of the existing epidemiological monitoring binding must be guaranteed. It will therefore be important to enable research institutions, including Sciensano, to carry out scientific or statistical studies in connection with the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 and/or to support the policy in the fight against the coronavirust, through the Exchange of the data between the Database I and the already existing data bank at Sciensano, which is already being used today for scientific research (hereinafter "Datatzank II"). This makes up a task that resorts under the material competence of the Staatdoetzake scientific research. The processing of the personal data in the Database I is also done in the context of the federal powers on scientific research, as shown by Article1, § 2 of this Decree. In that respect, the surveillance activities that Messanensano are taxed with Article 4 of the Act of 25 February 2018 `To establish sciensano'o. ways of contact detection. After all, it is not always possible to remember exactly who one has had contact about a certain period of time, let alone that people would have the contact details of all those people. Therefore, in addition to the Manuelecontact study in this Decree, a framework is provided to enable the digital contact investigation via a digital contact detection application.2. Manual contact investigating the manual contact examination as efficient as possible, the Database I should act as a decentralized database in the fight against the distribution of COVID-19. Sciensano, as a controller, manages the database I that contains personal data that care providers and care -providing institutions are relocated. However, for the objectives set out in this Decree, it will also be necessary that the employees of the contact centers (including the field researchers) and the mobile teams share the data with the Datkensbank I. This with the aim is to organize the most efficient and complete possible contact survey. This database consists of the sciensano founded in 2014 at Sciensano, which will act as receiver in the context of the fight against COVID-19, albeit the collected data from Database I, although after pseudonymization and only to use this data for further scientific and epidemiological research. With the eye on changing data with the regional health inspection services, mobile teams and/or the contact centers indicated by debt agencies from the database I are - as already stated above - two additional in the central database established, in particular Databases IIien IV, for which (i) the Flemish Agency for Care and Health, (II) the Agence Wallonne Pour Une Dequalité, (III) the Ministry of the German Community and (IV) the common community Commission for their respective g be the controller of the Event. This concerns the following two databases: 1. the database with belorders and orders for the employees of the Contact Center (Database III); 2. the database with contact details of collectivities (database IV). A (presumably) infected person contacted by the Contact Centerom to provide information about the persons with whom he has been in contact, the circumstances in which contact have taken place should not specify. A deviation For the following persons for the following persons:- Health care providers;- Persons who have to keep the professional secrecy. In the case of health care providers, these are relieved of their secrecy attitude if they have to feed the database I for the purposes in this Decree, but also on the other hand When the contact center contact them (presumably) infected personTo provide information about the persons with whom they have been in contact. Regarding the other persons who, by virtue of their state or profession, are the holder of secrets entrusted to them, these have also been relieved of their confidentiality obligation when contact center contact them As a (presumably) infected person, to provide information about the persons with whom they have been in contact. These Databas III and IV exchange data in the context of the contact investigation, this with each other and with the database I. with collectivities become communities of Persons intended with regard to the competent health inspection judgments that there is an increased risk of spreading the Coronavirus COVID-19, based on the most recent scientific insights. For example, it may be a hospital, school, asylum center, prison, residential care center, workshop, institution for people with disabilities, childcare, rehabilitation center or a barracks. The institutions that may fall under the term collectivities can, if necessary, be clarified by means of a decision referred to in Article 1 § 4. Processing purposes with regard to the storage and exchange of personal data in the Database (i) at Sciennode Processing purposes of this data collection In the database Ien the subsequent data exchange to the Databas II, III and IV are four -fold.1. The data collection and exchange serve to detect the confirmed infected persons and the persons whom a doctor has a serious suspicion that they are infected and detect and detect and Contacting - Via every way of communication - to be able to give them the necessary recommendations and to be able to follow this passenger person, as well as to provide information about the persons with whom they have contacted. To achieve this processing purposes, there is an exchange of DataSbank I and Datus Ban KII foreseen, where necessary also with the Database IV.2. The data collection and exchange are necessary with a view to contacting the persons with whom the infected or suspected infected persons (hereinafter "index persons") came into contact via each Possible communication, to provide hygiene and prevention guidelines, to give quarantine and/or to invite them to be tested for the Coronavirus COVID-19 and more destroyer follow-up. The contact center will also contact the reference doctor, or in the absence of a reference doctor, the administrative responsible of the collectivity of which the (presumably) infected patient is part of, with a view to informing about the (suspected) infection of the Persoonie is part of the collectivity . For this processing purposes to be realized, Wordter forces an exchange of data between Database I and Datatankank III, where necessary also with the Database IV. The database I must then be fed with the data from the people with which the index persons have come into contact with the relevant contact centers. The data collection and exchange are necessary for both the competent health inspection services of the federal states in the context of their regulatory assignments, as well as the tasks that the mobile teams of the Health Inspectorate will be assigned. Deutonheid Inspection Services are these referred to in the Decree of 21 November 2003 on the preventive health policy (for Flanders), the Decree of 2 May 2019 amending the Waalse Code of Social Action and Health regarding the prevention and promotion of health (for Wallonia) , the ordinance of 19 July 2007 on the preventive health policy and the decision of 23 April 2009 of the United College of the common community committee concerned prophylaxis against transferable diseases (for Brussels) and the decree of the parliament of the German -speaking community of 1 June 2004 on the Health Promotion and with regard to medical prevention and its implementing decisions. The detection and investigations of clusters are also used, where mobile teams are used to detect these persons in collectivities and living communities and thereby certain measures take to this processing purposes to be achieved Wordter An exchange of data between Database I provided with the health inspection services as well as with the mobile teams they have designated, each within their competence atmosphere.4. After all, the data collections are serving to make it available to the Database II with an eye after pseudonymization of the data, scientificallyStatistical and/or policy-supporting research through research institutions, including Sciensano, in the context of the fight against the Coronaviruscovid-19 and Policy on this. To realize this processing purposes, an exchange of Gepseudonymized data is provided between Datatoresk II and Datatoringen of Data. Collection is collected in the context of current decision-made categories of free data that are collected are identification and contact data, test data, regulations, results of CT scans and presumed diagnoses of persons on the one hand and data from the infection persons or persons whose serious suspicion exists Person infected as well as hospitalized patients with a confirmed diagnosis of the coronavirus at the hospitals on the other. A large number of this data is collected by laboratories, triage posts, hospitals and doctors, CRAs (coordinating consultants) in the collectivities (for example, residential care centers, asylum centers and prisons). The suspected diagnosis in the absence of tests only refers to the suspected infection with the CoronavirusScidid only -19. This suspected diagnosis can only be made by the doctor who determines the suspected infection with the Coronavirus COVID-19 on the basis of a medical examination. For the tests, not only the test results are important, but will also be the type of prescribed and/or outdoors test, as well as the date of the test are necessary. On the one hand to determine whether a patient is not infected, and on the other hand to allow researchers to conduct further quality and statism research on testing on COVID-19. An infection with COVID-19 can also be deduced from CT scans results. Collecting this data allows more clarity to obtain the general course of the disease of COVID-19 in an infected patient. With the view of the ducky identification of the persons concerned (being hospitalized patients, infected persons whose serious suspicion exists Being infected) and the mutual linking of the collected data, it is also absolutely necessary to also store the identification number of the social security of the persons involved whose data is incorporated in the database I and to provide general access to the National Register. This also relieves the doctors, hospitals and laboratories make the information available (i.e. the informants), since they only have to provide the data that cannot be found in the National Register. In view of the fact that the HELEEGEZONS Care system in Belgium is based on the use of the National Register number to be able to identify a patient -acting actual, this number is also of necessary importance to process inside manual contact examination, with a view to the correct identification of the index person as well as of DEADEMEN with whom the index person has been in contact. Insofar as this is strictly necessary for the realization of the processing purposes laid down in this Decree, the collected person data will also be linked to personal data from other data benches, such as the Crossroadbank Registers, from which the correct identification data can are achieved, the Cobrha Database with accurate For example, for example, for tax purposes, personal data may be linked to personal data of the Federal Public Service Finance or for the fight against fraud on personal data from other authentic sources). The use of these authentic sources is of fundamental importance to minimize the administrative burden of the informants, cover the data of the data To increase and treat the smooth communication of test results to the care providers that to be able to insure an infected patient. Also to include the RIZIV number of the treating physician in the database I is important. This number is used to prescribe the Diede Test doctor, or to be able to identify the doctor who has taken the decision to overrue. This also applies to the RIZIV number of the laboratory or triage post, Diede has taken the test. In addition, these data must be for statistical purposes, as well as quality improvement of the tests conducted in accordance with Article 5, (1), bof the General Data Protection Regulation without that this can ever lead to any criminal liability for the doctors or labs. To make this possible, the RIZIV number of the doctor or the laboratory must also be processed and saved. infected person or the person whose serious suspicion is that this person has been infected in contact. The collection and processing of the personal data of the persons with whom the infected person or persons whose persons are seriously suspected that these persons are infected, Having been in contact is done on the basis of the detailed scripts of the investigation system of the contact center. Even after the persons with whom the infected person or the person whose serious suspicion is that this person has been infected has already been contacted by the contact centers, the data of these persons are kept with a view to the further follow -up of these persons. With The eyeopic investigation, it is also required to have information about the person ending with a negative result and the people who were infected but no longer are. The first allow useful conclusions to draw the ratio of negative test results Versus -positive test results , the second gives the possibility to draw conclusions about immunity below the population. The data collected by the mobile teams can also be passed on sciensano to be stored in the Database I for further processing and notification of it only for the within this decision certain processing purposes.in di t Decree the categories of the collected personal data, but already with a non-limitative view of the personal data that falls under the category in question to raise the transparency and process the data in this context. This in order to allow the system of the manual contact study in all its facets to evolve with the advancing scientific insight as well as the need to be able to quickly be able to switch in times of this COVID-19 crisis. Access and transfer of Personal data it is of course that the competent regional authorities or the Single Contact Center indicated by the competent agencies will receive data that are necessary for contact detection and insofar as the parties involved fall under the authority of the relevant regional government or competent agency. More in the special feat the Datatankank III the Belorders for the employees of the contact center. This is fed from the central database i only with the data of infected or presumably infected persons only insofar as this data is necessary for the contact examination, such as name, contact data indication that the person must be called as a (presumably) infected person. The results of the contact investigation in turn end up in the Database I. Database IV, contains contact of collectivities that the person concerned is part of, which is exchanged data with databases I and, III and IV. The contact center does not only contact the persons of Wie who of Wie who The doctor has a serious suspicion of infection or with the people where the coronaviruscovid-19 test showed that they are infected, but also with the people with whom they have come in close contact. The contact center reception designated by the competent regional authorities or the competent agencies from the Database I at Sciensano. If it concerns contacts with people in a collectivity with a vulnerable population, the contact center contacts the reference doctor, or in the absence, the administrative responsible of that collectivity for further follow -up of the situation. If it concerns contacts with individuals, then the contact center contacts those individual persons by telephone, then gives them based on the information that they provide appropriate recommendations (staying at home, working at home, being tested, ...) and confirms this recommendation electronic. This electronic shipment only concerns a confirmation of the recommendations given oral. It is also possible that field researchers make physical visits to those involvedwhen telephone or electronic contact is impossible. The mobile teams and the health inspection services of the equipment and territorially competent federal states or the competent agencies have access to the data in the database I insofar as access is made within the processing purposes in this Decree; The access is made in the context of their respective regional powers in the framework of initiatives to expand harmful effects caused by infectious diseases, whereby these initiatives must be limited to initiatives to combat the harmful effects of the Coronavirus COVID-19.de Pseudonymized data that itself in Database II can only be passed on to third parties in the context of scientific or statistical studies regarding the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 and/or Kandet in this area. This transfer is only possible after deliberation by the roomsocial security and health of the information security committee. Power of the Information Safety Committee The Information Safety Committee is an independent body that has the task of granting permission for the communication of personal data in the Social and Health Care Sector, taking into account Vande Stondondoming Vandebeding Vande -Naordetime Vande -Naardbeding Vandebeding Vand de Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vand de Vantalization of Vandeinging Vand de Vantalization of Vand de Vantalization of Vande -to -Vandetime. And to promote the protection of data and information security. Providing the communication of personal data to a deliberation of the information security committee is a rule established by the Federal Act and forms a measure of data protection by design and by standard institutions within the meaning of the General Regulation Data Protection. It is based on Articles 6, § 2 and 9, § 4 of the Data Protection General Ordinance. The deliberations of the information safety committee specify which information security measures are complied with by the actors of a data communication exhibition and is preventively assessed or no more personal data on the Acquiring organization is then necessary to achieve legitimate purposes of the processing. The facts of the Information Safety Committee are binding on the actors of the data exchange. On the other hand, they are aimed at offering the actors of data exchange, so that effective and efficient exchange is not unnecessary impeded by a lack of clarity about the information security measures to be implemented or about the legitimacy of the disclosure of personal data. The deliberations of the information security committee only have Rekkop The (electronic) exchange of data. In his deliberations, the information security committee is bound to the legal provisions regarding the processing purposes of the authorities that receive the data receipt. The deliberations of the Information Safety Committee are only a legal basis that enables a single organ that processes personal data on the basis of legitimate purposes to communicate these personal data to other bodies, in the context of legitimate purposes for which the receiving organ data can be processed. legal basis for the first collection and processing of personal data by the far -reaching agency. The receiving body, on the other hand, must process the personal data on the basis of the legal basis. The Information Safety Committee cannot therefore expand the purpose of the first processing through the far -reaching body, nor can it offer a different legal basis for the processing by the receiving body than that in which is provided for by or pursuant to the law. The information security committee is not a supervisory authority within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation. It is therefore not authorized to supervise compliance, to resolve problems and disputes or to treat complaints. It is indeed the data protection authority for these matters. The Data Protection Authority can at all times compare any deliberation of the information safety committee with higher legal standards and, in the event of non-compliance, the information safety committee requests his deliberation on the points indicated by him.insofar as not yet included in this decision. These deliberations can only be granted for announcements within the processing purposes and for the categories of personal data in this Decree. The Information Safety Committee can therefore in no way itself determine other processing objectives Noch categories of personal data for the announcement of personal data on or through the database of Sciensano. The Information Safety Committee, in particular the Chamber of Social Sea and Health, can only further define the processing purposes in this Decree Personal data within a certain category of personal data can be processed, made accessible and/or to be communicated to one of the Databas II, III, IV or Dievanuit de Data Bank IV to the Database I at Sciensano must be notified, insofar as useful for the realization of the realization of the realization of the realization of the realization of the realization of the realization of the realization of the realization of the relevant processing purposes. The deliberations of the information safety committee are published on the respective websites.Teeinde to allow the system of manual contact research to be evolved in all its facets Methet advancing scientific insight as well as the need to be able to switch crisissnel in times of this COVID-19 (i) The institutions that may fall under the collectivities, (ii) the categories of information providers that require personal data to communicate to SciensanoVoor storage and further processing thereof in the central database and (iii) the categories of personal data in the Databas I, II , III and IV are processed, amended or supplemented by the King by means of a Royal Decree adopted after consultation in the Council of Ministers and in the inter -ministerial conference Public Health The Information Safety Committee will therefore not be able to determine the Collectivities which categories of information providers require personal data to communicate to Sciensano, or which categories of data are processed in the Data Banks I, II, III and IV. These elements must be laid down by means of a royal decision as referred to in Article 1 § 4. However, this does not alter the fact that the information security committee.b.t. Data flows that relate to collectivities, additional information providers and categories of personal data can exercise its powers as described in this Decree. Safety measures of the respective responsible for the processing take the necessary appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a high level of security. This means, among other things, that the Datatankankenzullen meet the principles of data protection through design and by standard settings. Also guarantees that pseudonymizing personal data is done in such a way that the personal data can be more than a specific data subject to be linked without additional data being used, as well as this method of pseudonymizing in accordance with the new definition recorded in the General Data Protection. Personal Data In any case, the personal data from the Central Database (i) will be deleted at the latest 60 days after the storage. This period of 60 days takes into account the most recent developments in the epidemiological examination (eg in the field of tests) that are necessary for a Good follow-up of people to guarantee. The pseudonymizing data that is located in the Database II for scientific research are erased in the laws of 10 April 2014 containing various health provisions and the cooperation agreement between the RIZIV and Sciensano concluded in implementation. The personal data from Datatensbankiii are deleted daily and the personal data in Database IV are either updated every ten years, either. Name at the latest on 20 October 2020. Transparency and Rights of the Development Poor The respectively responsible for the processing, measures are taken to provide the necessary transparency. To be conciseTransparants to be understandable and this at various levels. When contacting the person concerned via the contact center, there is transparent communication with regard to the processing of them the personal data. A website is provided where the person concerned can find all information back in an easy way. Digital contact academy This decision is also provided for a framework Contact research via a digital contact detection application to enable a digital contact detection application can allow citizens to determine themselves whether they have recently been in contact with an infected person. A fundamental requirement to prevent the further distribution of the virus based on digital technologies is the confidence of the citizen in these technologies and the most possible participation of the citizen in these technologies. Its use must therefore be framed with deestangste guarantees and meet the requirements regarding fundamental rights. The application of the Data Protection-by-Design principles of the General Data Protection Regulation must be at the center of the development of a digital contact detection application. The European Data Protection Committee in this area digital contact detection applications that use Bluetooth and Diegedecentralized Working, a method for which also opted in the present decision. When drawing up this Decree, the recommendations of the competent national and international authorities, in particular the European Commission, the European Data Protection and Debelgic Data Protection Authority, was taken into account. U was the decision to install and use a digital contact investigation application only To the citizen. This decision opts for a system from both the installation and the use of a digital contact detection application voluntary issue by the person concerned. In addition, the transmission of a possible established contamination is also left to be passed on. The stimulation of a wide use by the citizens of the same digital contact exploration application, developed in accordance with the Data Protection -By -Design principle, is therefore a measure that is completely in line with the principle laid down in the general Data Protection Regulation states that it must be opted for measures that allow proposed purposes to achieve the most effective way and in a way that is the least invasive in terms of the upright protection of privacy. The framework of the contact detection of the governments, a corresponding end decision to be based on the DP3T System, an open source system that was elaborated by a pan-European group of academics specialized in, among other things, encryption, information security, privacy and epidemiologi e, and that is already used in other European countries. This should ensure that interference in the field of private life is minimized. This Decree does not prevent other data solutions from being worked out within the framework of the private sector or research institutions, as long as they are voluntary, provided for explicit and informed permission and fully satisfied all requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation. From a digital contact detection application, and the fact that the use of the DP3T system minimizes interference in the field of private life, the use of such applications contributes to the correct balance between the right to health and the interference in the field of Privéleven. The DP3T System has been published, and the source code is public so that these independent experts can be verified. In that sense, this therefore meets the recommendation of the GBA in its advice 34/2020 to publish the source code. A digital contact investigation application Basic of DP3T consists of a mobile application that can be voluntarily installed and used by the user, and used, and A central log list. The mobile application registered contacts between users without the identity being traced. The log list allows an user to pass on a determined contamination as well as the suspected time of this infection and through a controlled manner, so that other users can notify if they would have been in contact with the infected user in the period that he/side -bound used to beWithout the identity of the infected user or the other user with which he/she was in contact with it, it can be traced. A digital contact investigation application of the DP3T system only stores fully pseudonymized or anonymous data, on the user's device, in particular secured Keys and temporarily random serial numbers, without reference to the identity of the persons between which the contact has taken place, nor to the place where the contact took place. The approaching time at which the contact has taken place is stored because this is necessary to determine whether the contact has taken place between the start of the infectivity and the determination of the contamination. This decides that Sciensano is the controller of the central log list. Sciensano must monitor the necessary technical and organizational measures to protect the log list, and that the data from the log list is not crossed with other databases. In view of the special experience at Sciensano on data protection when handling health data for scientific research and the implementation of such methods of security and pseudonymization of data, Sciensano seems to be the most appropriate responsible for this processing. The functionalities, modalities and technical conditions For the use of a digital contact investigation application in this decision, it is determined to be able to determine the guarantees of the fundamental rights and freedoms of the citizens, and in particular the protection of the processed information, this. Decision only deals with digital contact investigation applications in the framework of the COVID-19 Epidemie. Other e-health applications, such as applications for triage, self-monitoring, monitoring in the context of a care relationship or applications for remote care, are not arranged by this Decree. Introduction to indemnifying the fundamental rights and in the special protection of personal data DIT Decree determines the legal framework In which a digital contact detection application functions. When drawing up this decision, account was taken of the recommendations of the competent national and international authorities, in particular the European Commission, the European Data Protection Committee and the Belgian Data Protection Authority. As confirmed by the aforementioned bodies, European privacy legislation provides for a legal basis for The development and use of a digital contact detection application, in particular Articles6, § 1, E) and 9, § 2, i) of the General Data Protection Regulation. This decree therefore relies on these specific legal principles. This decision provides for the legal basis for achieving subsequent objectives: • In the first place, monigital contact investigation application must register contacts between users in an automated manner without this that the identity of users can do be outdated; • In the second place, a digital contact investigation application must be the user whose COVID-19 infection is stated to give the possibility to voluntarily report that he/she is COVID-19, and this is authorized and controlled manner to any incorrect or to prevent false reports; • The report of the infection must then allow other users who have come into contact with the user contaminated with COVID-19 in the period that the infected user was contagious, it is too notified in the vicinity of this infected person found, without any The name, location or the exact time of infection are passed on. This legal framework is necessary but not being confused with the free choice of the citizen to install, use and de-install a digital contact investigation application. This decision determines the framework for the technical en people's law guarantees that a digital contact detection application must meet, but does not make any way an obligation to the citizen to install, use or de-install a digital contact detection application. On the recommendation of the GBA in its advice 34/2020, it is also clarified that a (non-) user may in no way experience a disadvantage or an advantage of whether or not to use a digital contact investigation application. However, the DigitalContactpreciation application will be accompanied by terms of use where unlawful use will be punished both contractual and according to the rules of the common law. Installing a digital contact investigation application activates a number of technical actions as described aboveInnocence to generating secure keys and temporarily random serial numbers. Subsequently, the user always comes to the user of a digital contact detection application to activate the other technical actions whether or not actively and voluntarily activate the other technical actions on the basis of confirming a COVID-19 infection via the application. It goes without saying that this is a necessary step to help realize the ultimate objective of a digital contact detection application, reducing the COVID-19 epidemic and avoiding new flare-ups. for which digital contact detection applications may process data; • It indicates the controller that must apply the guarantees through this Decree within the strict framework of the described objectives. Sciensano is the best placed institution for this. Art. 4, § 1 of the Act of 25 February 2018 establishing Sciensano that this institution, both at the federal, regional level, as well as at the European and international level, has certain health assignments, in particular scientific research and risk assessment; Categories of data, both personal data and non-identifiable data, which may be processed by monigital contact detection application; • It emphasizes the possibility for a user of a digital contact detection application to keep control over his data and to remove data • It emphasizes it; the need for transparency information to the user of a digital contact detection application; • The determined retention periods that apply to the collected data; • It guarantees that data is collected a separate log list or database and is not crossed with other data benches; the processing of the collected data for other purposes; • imposes it on technical and organizational requirements for the controller in order to ensure that the data collected is protected against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against unintentional loss, destruction or damage; to ensure that no more data is collected as soon as the end of the condition of the Coronavirus COVID-19 epidemic is declared. The Algemeen Service is stressed that the personal data is processed in accordance with the General Data Protection Law Regulation on the basis of this Decree and in no way on the basis of The permission of the person concerned. of the contact tracking. The king may be adopted in a decision after consultation in the ministerial traads in the interministerial Public Health Conference, the further rules that are required for the implementation of this decision. I have the honor to be, SIRE, Van Your Majesteit, this respectful and very faithful servant, the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health, the Block26 June 2020. - Royal Decree no. 44 on the joint processing by Sciensano and the contact centers, health inspections and mobile teams by the competent regional authorities or by the competent agencies and mobile teams framework of a contact investigation by persons who are (presumably) infected with the Coronavirus Covid-19 on the basis of a database bij Sciensanofilip, King of the Belgians, to all who are now and will hereinafter refer to our regulation (EC) No. 2016 /679 of the European Parliament and the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons in connection with the processing of personal data on the free movement of that data; in view of the special law of 8 August1980 for the reform of the institutions, articles 5, § 1, i and 6bis, § 2, 1 ° and 2 ° and 92bis; The fact that the federal government is not exclusive of crisis policy when an (acute) pandemic requires urgent measures. The federal government, the communities and regions are the boundaries of their own powers. On the basis of this, the Federal Government is also authorized for the coordination and management of a crisis situation with regard to a pandemic. Entertainment that the federal government and the federal states, each within the limits of their own material powershave the authority to take measures on the fight against a crisis animal to public health. Happet on the decree of the Flemish Parliament of 21 November2003 on the preventive health policy; in view of the decree of the German -speaking community of 1 June 2004 on the health promotion and with regard to medical prevention; in view of the ordinance of 19 July 2007 on the preventive health policy; in view of the Act of 10 April 2014 containing various health provisions and the collaboration agreement between RIZIV and Sciensano concluded in it, given the law of 25 February 2018 to the foundation of Sciensano, Article 4 § 4 and 7 § 2; Having regard to the law of 5 September2018 establishing the Information Safety Committee and to amend various laws on the implementation of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 of the European Parliament and The Council concerning the protection of natural PE RSONEN in connection with the processing of personal data and the relevant free movement of that data and to the withdrawal of Directive 95/46/EC; Having amendment of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health Watpeltreeks the prevention and promotion of health; in view of the decree of the Flemish Parliament of 29 May 2020 to the organization of the reporting obligation and the contact investigation in the COVID-13 framework in view of the decision; of the United College of the Joint Community Commission Fan 23 April 2009 on Prophylaxis against transferable diseases; Having regard to the decision of the Flemish Government of 19 June 2009 on initiatives to prevent the expansion of harmful effects caused by biotic factors; The decision of the Waalssekeering of Special Powers No 35 of 5 May 2020 organizing the contact tracing in the context of the fight against the COVID-19 epidemic; in view of the decision of the Government of the German-speaking Community of 7 May 2020 establishing a contact center that is taxed in the context of the Fight against the health crisis created by the Coronavirus (COVID-19); Given the law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the king for measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus Covid-19 (II), articles 2, 5, §1, 1 ° and 6; Having regard to Royal Decree no. 18 of 4 May 2020 establishing a database bij Sciensano in the context of the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19; No. 25 of 28 May 2020 amending Royal Decree No 18 of May 2020 establishing a database at Sciensano in the context of the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 the Inspector of Finance, given on23 June 2020; Having regard to the agreement finding of the Minister of 25 Juin 2020; having regard to the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, Article 3, § 1; In view of the urgent necessity , who does not allow to wait for the advice of the Legislation of the Council of State, even within a short period of five days, for example because of the fact that it is vital for public health and for avoiding a re -flashing of Covid 19 epidemic, which sciensano has a database that allows you to detect and contact the contacts of infection persons; framework of the COVID-19 Health crisis and to continue a further distribution of the Covid-19S disease, the National Security Council, in which in addition to the representative Igers of the federal government look representatives of the federal states were charged to take coordinated measures in order to limit the further distribution of COVID-19; be infected with COVID-19 or of which there is a serious suspicion that they are infected with COVID-19, as well as the detection of the collectivities that these persons are part of, so that these persons can be given the necessary recommendations to prevent them from other people contamination with COVID-19, such as leaving hygiene and prevention guidelines, proparantine proposals and inviting to be tested on COVID-19;taking into account the material powers of each entity (Doc. Senate, no. 5-2232/5); predominantly the communities set up in the context of their competence on preventive health care Call Centershebben to carry out this contact examination and that there can be recommendations given that they infect other persons; The communities are considered that defederal government has powers that make it possible to organize the processing of data in the context of the fight against the distribution of COVID-19. In that sense, she can set up a database in the case of its powers and, on the basis of its residual competence, impose the field of medicine in the health care professionals in the health care obligation to enter the required data in that database, as if An exception to the professional secrecy. Moreover, it can grant the communities access to such a database without obligation, as is already the case for other federal databases such as the Crossroads Bank of Social Security; on the nomination of the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health and on the advice of our ministers in council meetings, We have decided and decide: Chapter I. - Algeneemepaling article 1. § 1. For the purposes of this Decree, it means: 1 ° General Data Protection Regulation: Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Deraad of 27 April 2016 concerning the protection of natural persons in connection with the processing of personal data and on the free movement of that data and to withdrawal of directive95/46/EC; 2 ° clusters: a concentration of persons infected or possibly infected with the coronaviruscovid-13 in collectivities or Communities; 3 ° Collectivity: a community of persons with regard to what De Vaare GDE health inspections judge that there is an increased risk of the spread the Coronavirus COVID-19; 4 ° Contact Center: by the competent regional governments or by the competent agencies that the person concerned contacts the person concerned via each possibility of communication, including telephone, by e-mail or e-mail physical visit within the framework for the purposes as determined in Article 3, § 2 and which subsequently divides the collected data with the database I; 5 ° database I: the database bij sciensano to be established by means of this decision for the processing and exchange of data for the processing purposes provisions in article 3; 6 ° Database II: the existing database at Sciensano, used for scientific research and established by law of 10 April 2014 containing various provisions regarding health and the implementation of it concluded cooperation agreement between RIZIV and Sciensano and the Act of 25FeBruari 2018 establishing Sciensano; 7 ° Database III: the database with Belorderen Orders for the employees of the contact center in accordance with what stated in Article 10, §1; 8 ° Database IV: the database with contact details of collectivities; 9 ° Database V: the central log list that allows operation of operation of the digital contact investigation applications described in Article 14 to run in a controlled manner and which is held separately with sciensano separately of Database I and II; 10 ° INSZ number: the identification number referred to in article 8, § 1, 1 ° or 2 °, of the Act of January 15, 1990 establishing and organizational bench of social security; 11 ° mobile teams: employees of the COVID-Outbreaksupport team organized by the health inspections taken on the spot in the case of a cluster; 12 ° Persons I: the persons For whom the doctor has prescribed a Coronavirus COVID-19 Test; 13 ° Persons Category II: The persons with whom ee n Test on the coronaviruscovid-19 has been carried out; 14 ° persons Category III: the persons whose doctor has serious suspicions that they are infected with the Coronavirus COVID-19Without a test on the Coronaviruscovid-19 has been conducted or prescribed or where the test on the Coronavirus Covid-19 showed that Zeniet were infected; 15 ° persons Category IV: The persons with whom (i) the persons categoryii insofar as the Coronavirus Covid -19 tested that they are infected and (ii) the persons category III; have been in contact and this for a period of fourteen days before and after the first sign of infection with the Coronavirus COVID-19 in which a certain appreciation margin on the basis of scientific insights can be taken into account; 16 ° persons Category V: the treating doctors of the persons categories I, II, and III; 17 ° Persons Category VI: the reference doctor - or in the absence of a reference doctor at the relevant collectivity - the administrative responsibility collectivities with which the persons I, II and III for a period of fourteen days before and fourteen days after the first symptoms of the B Esminning with the Coronavirus COVID-19 in which a certain appreciation margin may be taken into account on the basis of scientific insights has been taken in contact; 18 ° pseudonymization or pseudonymized data: the processing of person data in such a way that the personal data can no longer be linked to a specific person concerned without it Additional data is used, provided that these additional data are stored separately and technical and organizational measures are taken to ensure that the person data is not linked to an identified or identifiable natural person, as stated in Article 4, 5) of the General Data Protection Regulation; 19 ° field researchers: employees of the contact centers who can make physical visits in the context of the contact study; 20 ° hospital: care institution as referred to in the coordinated law of 10 July 2008 on hospitals and other careinr ichtening, as well as rehabilitation commercials; 21 ° care provider: a health care practitioner as referred to in the Cörininated Act of 10 May 2015 on the exercise of the health care professions the law of 29 April 1999 on the non-conventional practices regarding medicine, the doctors, nursing, the kinesi therapy, de and the paramedical professions; § 2. This Stektertoe Decree: 1 ° within the framework of the manual contact investigation and the use of mobile teams: A.De Datatankank I to set up in which data is processed in the context of conducting contact research; b. Exchange data between the Database I and the Database III and IV in support of the contact centers designated by the competent regional authorities or by the competent agencies (including field researchers) and the establishment of these databases c. Data in between the Database I and the health inspection services as well as with the mobile teams; D.Autbraken of COVID-19 and clusters to identify and detect it. Measures for Spekkke Treffen for the dike of COVID-19 outbreaks and clusters; f. to provide advice to Personalie with the Coronavirus Covid-19 are infected, for which a doctor has a serious suspicion or for which there is a great risk that this is the case with a view to breaking the Coronavirus Covid-19; persons to whom advice has been granted to continue to follow; and the functions of the existing epidemiological monitoring by continuing to guarantee Sciensano.2 ° to set up a frame in order to make the digital contact examination possible by using a digital contact investigation application; 3 ° research institutions and administrations, including sciensano, to carry out scientific or statistical studies on the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 and/or to support the policy in this area, through the exchange of the data between Database I and Database II. § 3. Subject to the provisions, this Decree does not affect the applicable contact investigations for the detection of infectious infectious diseases in the context of material powers with regard to healthcare. § 4. The King may be adopted by a decision after consultation in the Council of Ministers and in the Interministerial Public Health Conference, the Further Rules Rulping are required for the implementation of this Decree. § 5. Contrary to Article 458 of the Criminal Code, the health care providers have been relieved of their duty of confidentiality from Hoofdevan this decision. In deviation from Article 458 of the Criminal Code, the contacted persons of confidentiality under this Decree. 2. § 1. Ineindede Objectives determined in Article 1, § 2 to be achieved is established within Sciensano Databasi in whichThe categories of data as described in Article 6 in the context of the processing purposes as described in Article 3 are processed. This data is communicated by the authority servants or on behalf of the authorized persons of the hospitals, and the laboratories, as well as the doctors and the employees of the contact center, the health inspection services and the mobile teams. § 2. The database i is established without prejudice to the existing database bankii. For the achievement of the objective under Article 1, § 2, 1 °, h and 3 °, data from Database I will be pseudonimized before being included in database in accordance with the provisions of Articles 9 and 10. § 3. In order to achieve the objectives determined in Article 1, § 2, 1 °, B, E, F and G, in addition to the Database I, the following temporary data benches are also established between the categories of data determined in Article6 will be exchanged, although only for the processing purposes specified in Article 3 in accordance with what is determined in Article 10: 1 ° Database III; 2 ° Database IV.§ 4. Sciensano is the controller of the Databases I and II. §5. The competent regional authorities or the agencies designated by the competent authorities act as a controller for the Database III and IV with regard to the personal data collected and used by the competent regional authorities or by the competent contact centers and taking appropriate measures Persons stipulated in Article4 of the information and Article 34 of the General Data Protection Regulation referred to in Articles 13 and 14 of the General Data Protection Regulation and the Communication Regulation in connection with the processing for the processing purposes determined in Article 3, §2 In a concise, transparent, understandable and easily accessible form and in clear and simple language. Chapter II. - Processing purposes. 3. §1. The processing of the personal data in the Database I aims at the following processing purposes: 1 ° the posting of the Database I to the competent contact center (including field researchers) of the categories of personal data of (i) persons Category in Article 7, § 2, for As far as the Coronavirus COVID-19 Test showed that they are infected and (ii) persons category III; through exchange on Database III, for contacting the persons referred to in this paragraph, through any possible way of communication, including by telephone, by e-e-e-e-e Mail or via physical visit, possibly give recommendations, but especially to ask them to provide information, such as contact details, risk of contamination of the contact and date of the contact, about the persons with whom side contact has had; 2 ° A. de posting the Data Bank I, to the competent contact center of the categories of personal data in Article 7, § 3, by means of Exchange the Database III, for contacting the persons category IV, through any possible way of communication, including by telephone, by e-mail or via physical visit, to provide them with hygiene and prevention guidelines, among other things to be tested to be tested the Coronavirus Covid-19, as well as the further follow-up thereof; b. the posting the Datatzank I, to the competent contact center of the categories of personal data in Article 7, § 4, by means of exchange to the Database III, for contacting the Personal categories V and VI, through any possible way of communication, including by telephone, By e-mail of the collectivity, to inform them about the (suspected) infection of (i) DEMONEN Category II insofar as the COVID-19 Coronavirus test shows that they were infected, and (ii) persons category III; 3; 3 ° the provision of the categories of personal data of Persons I, II and III, by the Database I, to the authority -to -do teams and health inspection services of the Communities, referred to in the Flemish Parliament of 21 November 2003 on the Database I, and III. Preventive health policy, the decree of the parliament of the German -speaking community of 1 June 2004 BE striking the health promotion and with regard to medical prevention and its implementing decisions, the ordinance of the United Meeting of the Commission Committee of 19 July 2007 on the preventive health policy, the Decree of the Walloon Parliament of 2 May 2019 amending the Walloon Social Action and Health prevention and promotion of healthThe decision of the United College of the Joint Community Committee of 23 April 2009 on the prophylaxis against transfer areas, the decision of the Flemish Government of 19 June 2009 on initiatives to prevent harmful effects caused by biotic factors, in the context of initiatives to extend harmful effects caused by infectious diseases, go against, each within their competence always in accordance with Article 10, § 2, for the performance of their regulatory assignments; 4 ° the provision of pseudonimized, personal data falls under the categories of personal data as set out under Article 6 of persons categoriesi up to and including V in accordance with what is determined in Article 10 to the already existing database of Sciensanoopgericht by law of 10 April 2014 containing various health provisions and the Collaborationsovation concluded in implementation. Erbiking between RIZIV and Sciensano to make the pseudonymizing data stated in this paragraph available after anonymization, or at least pseudonymization in case dataonimization would not allow the research institutions to their scientific or statistical studies, including the research institutions, including the research institutions, including the research institutions, including the research institutions, including the research institutions, foreseeable procedure end The research institutions to be able to make scientific or statistical studies on the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 and/or to support the policy in this area after pseudonimization in accordance with Title 4 of the law of 30 July 2018 relevant protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data.§ 2. The contact center eyes indicated by the competent regional authorities or by the competent agencies, insofar as they are competent and in accordance with Article 10, § 1: 1 ° the in Article 7, §2 determination LDE categories of personal data of (i) the persons category II insofar as the Coronaviruscovid-19 test showed that they are infected and (ii) of the persons category III process to contact the persons referred to in DITLID through any possible way of communication, including by telephone, by e-mail or via physical visit, to possibly give them recommendations, but especially to ask them information, such as contact details, risk of infection of the contact and date of the contact, troubled by the persons with whom they have had contact; 2 ° A. The categories of personal data in Article 7, §3, to contact the persons category IV, possible through the Possible way of communication, including by telephone, by e-mail or via physical visit, to them under other hygiene and prevention guidelines to be provided, to propose quarantine or invite to be tested for the Coronavirus COVID-19, as well as the further follow-up thereof; b. dein Article 7, § 4, process certain categories of personal data for contacting the persons V and VI, through any possible way of communication, including telephone, Pere-mail or via visit to the collectivity, to inform them about the (suspected ) infection of the persons category II insofar as the COVID-19 Coronavirus test showed that they have been infected, and the persons category III; § 3. The competent mobile teams and health inspection services of the communities, referred to in the Decree of the Flemish Parliament of 21 November 2003 on the preventive health policy, the decree of the German -speaking community of 1 June 2004 on health promotion and on medical prevention and its medical prevention Implementation decisions, the ordinance of 19 July 2007 on preventive health policy, the decree of 2 May2019 amending the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health with regard to the prevention and promotion of health, the decision of the United College of the Community Community Commission 23 April 2009 on prophylaxis against transferable diseases, the decision of the Flemish government of 19 June 2009 on initiatives to prevent the expansion of harmful effects caused by biotic factors, in the context of initiatives to expand SCHA effective effects caused by infectious diseases may, each within their competence atmosphere in accordance with Article 10, § 2, may process the categories of personal data of Persons I, II and III in Article 6, to fulfill their regulatory assignments.§ 4 . The data collected under this Decree may not be used for the objectives of this article, in particular, but not exclusively police, commercial, taxcriminal or state security associated with objectives. Chapter III. -S whose personal data is processed in the context of current decision art. 4. for the processing purposes determined in Article 3, the categories of personal data will be determined in the articles 6, 7, 8 and 9, of this Decree, of the following persons, 1 ° DEMENERS Category I; 2 ° the persons II; 3; 3; 3; 3; ° the persons category III; 4 ° the persons category IV; 5 ° the persons category V; 6 ° the persons category VI. - Categories of personal data that are collected in the context of current decision art.5. The personal data collected and processed within the framework of this Decree are processed in accordance with the regulations on the protection in the processing of personal data, in particular the common data protection regulation and the law of 30 July 2018 on the protection of natural persons with regard to processing of personal data.art. 6. § 1. A mandatory reporting for the persons as referred to in the Decree of the Flemish Parliament of 21 November 2003 on the preventive health policy, the Decree of 2 May 2019 amending the Walloon Code of VANSOCIAL ACTION AND HEALTH with regard to prevention and promotion of Health, the ordinance fan 19 July 2007 on the preventive health policy and the decision of the United Collegean the common community committee of 23 April 2009 on prophylaxis against transfer areas, and the decree of the parliament of the German-speaking community of 1 June 2004 health promotion and with regard to medical prevention and its implementing decisions, is in derogation from these regulations to the Database I. A mandatory report of the persons categoryi whose doctor has no suspicion of being infected with COVID-19 and of the persons category in which the test showed that that there is no infection e n what is not disputed by the doctor is done in the framework of this partnership to the Database I. § 2. The Datonsbanki contains, insofar as available, the following categories of personal data of the persons category for the purposes determined in Article 3, § 1: 1 ° the INSZ number; 2 ° the name and first name; 3 ° the gender; 4 ° the date of birth and, where appropriate, the date of death; 5 ° the address; 6 ° contact details, including telephone numbering e-number e-mail address of the person concerned and the legal representative, and the designation of the relationship of these persons to the person concerned (parent, guardian, general practitioner, ...); 7 ° date of the start of symptoms; 8 ° the RIZIV number of the presistor of the test on the Coronavirus COVID-19; 9 ° Data with regard to the prescribed test on the Coronavirus COVID-19, including ded date and the type of prescribed test on the Coronavirus COVID-19; 10 ° the indication of the HalDal then exercise the Profession of Z Orgvlier; 11 ° the hospital department, the identification numbering location data of the hospital, if the person concerned is hospitalized; 12 ° possibly the result of the CT scan, if the person concerned is hospitalized; 13 ° the possible collectivity of the person concerned or is in contact with it if the identification number of the National Register referred to in Article 8, § 1, 1 °, of the Law of 15 January 1990 is available and organization of an intersection bank of social security, the name date, the date of birth, gender and the Address collected from the National Register or from the Kruispuntbank Registers intended in Article 4 of the Law of 15 January 1990 establishing and organization of a Crossroads Bank of Social Security. § 3. The database I contains, insofar as available, the following categories of personal data of the persons category II: 1 ° The data referred to in §2; 2 ° the date, result, steel number and type of the test on the COVID-13 Coronavirus 3 ° the RIZIV number of the lab carried out by the test; 4 ° in the event of a test result-on land that could not be contaminated, the possible decision to overrulring from here a doctor; 5 ° in the event of a test result on the basis of which No infection could be stamped, the RIZIV number of the doctor who took overruing decision. The person data referred to in 1 °, 2 ° and 3 °, are communicated to Sciensano by the following information providers: the persons authorized to do so or on behalf of the authorized persons from the laboratory, the hospital or other healthcare institution or care provider who carried out the test. The data meant in, 4 ° and 5 °, are communicated to Sciensano by the doctor who has taken the decision to overrul.the following categories of personal data of the persons category III: 1 ° the INSZ number; 2 ° the name and first name; 3 ° the gender; 4 ° the date of birth and, where appropriate, the date of death; 5 ° the address; 6 ° the Contact details, including the telephone number and e-mail address of Debetokke and of the person to be contacted in an emergency, and the designation of the relationship of these persons to the person concerned (parents, guardian, general practitioner, ...); 7 ° the suspected diagnosevan infection with the Coronavirus COVID-19; 8 ° the RIZIV number of the doctor who formulates the serious suspicion; 9 ° the indication of the whether the profession of care provider whether the profession of care provider of the person concerned of which the person concerned is part of that matters or has come into contact; 11 ° date of the start of symptoms; 12 ° the data necessary for the contact center to put use of use with the person concerned, including postcode and language. These data are being used to sciensano by the AR TS who has a serious suspicion that the persons category III are infected with the Coronavirus Covid-19. If the identification number of the National Register in Article 8, § 1, 1 °, of the law of 15 January 1990 is established and organization of a Crossroads Bank of Social Security, the name and first name, the date of birth, gender and address will become Retrieved from the National Register or the Kruispuntbank Registers referred to in Article4 of the Act of 15 January 1990 establishing and organization of an intersection bank of social security. § 5. The database I contains, insofar as available, the following personal data of the persons category IV (and where applicable: of the persons category II, insofar as the Coronaviruscovid-19 test showed that they are infected and (ii) persons category III ) communicated by the contact centers to Sciensano indicated by the authorized authorities or by the competent agencies: 1 ° the INSZ number; 2 ° the name and first name; 3 ° the gender; 4 ° the date of birth, where appropriate the date of death; 5; ° the address; 6 ° the contact details, including the telephone number and the e-mail address; 7 ° the data required for the contact center to make further useful contact with the person referred to in this section and the list with persons with whom the person referred to in this Section has recently had contact, including Vanpostcode and Language and the estimated risk of infection of the person referred to in this section; 8 ° list of collectivities of which the person meant d in this section part of it or has come into contact with, the data of which is communicated by the Database IV; 9 ° the relevant criteria for estimation for high or low infection risk and giving advice, including of the eventual symptoms, time of starting symptoms, type of prescribed test, doctor's visit, registration do any refusal to doctor's visit; 10 ° the relevant data communicated to the contact center by the person referred to in this section with regard to the movements, and follow-up of insulation and hygiene measures; 11 ° the parent fact that there has been a contact between the person IV and persons category I, III, including the part of the household of the person category IV.12 ° the answer to the demand designation or the persons II, As far as the Coronavirus Covid-19 test showed that they are infected; (ii) persons category III; or (iii) the persons category IV; Making use of a digital contact detection application or not. § 6. The database I contains the following additional data (i) of the persons category II, insofar as the Coronavirus COVID-19 Test showed that they are infected persons category III and IV collected and supplied by the competent contact centers: all data that is necessary for the organization and follow -up of the contact with the person concerned by the employees of the Contact Center, such as the language of the person concerned, the contact status of the person concerned, the ticket numbers of the contact recordings or the attempts to contact you, the types of contact names, the time of the Tickets, the time and the duration of the contact, the result of the contact. §7. The database I contains the following additional data of the persons belonging to a cluster, collected and supplied by the competent mobile teams or health inspection services: all data that is necessary for the organization and follow -up of contact with the person concerned of the clusterer employees of the contact center Including the language of the person concerned, the contact status of the person concerned, the ticket numbers of the contact shots or the attempts to contact Names, the species contacts, the time of the tickets, the time and duration of the contactnameThe result of the contactname.art. 7. § 1. The Database III contains the categories of personal data that are communicated by Sciensano from the Database I to the contact center for the purposes determined by the competent regional authorities or by the competent agencies as determined in Article3, § 1, 1 ° and 2 ° . § 2. The Database III contains the following categories of personal data of (i) The persons category II insofar as the Coronavirus COVID-19 Test showed that these persons infectious and (ii) the persons category III: 1 ° the INSZ number; 2 ° the name and the first name; 3 ° the gender; 4 ° the date of birth; 5 ° the contact details, including the address, telephone number and e-mail address and the persons to be contacted in an emergency; 6 ° the needless for the contact center to use useful to make contact with the person concerned, including Vanpostcode and Language; 7 ° the indication that the person must be called as (presumably) infected person to detect his contacts; 8 ° if applicable, the test result and the date of the test; ° the ticket number, date, time and result of the contact recording.§ 3. The Database III contains the following categories of personal data of persons Categoryiv: 1 ° the INSZ number; 2 ° the name and first name; 4 The gender; ° the date of birth E n, where appropriate the date of death; 5 ° the address; 6 ° decontact data, including the telephone number and the e-mail address; 7 ° the data necessary for the contact center to make further useful contact with the person referred to in this paragraph and the list with persons with whom the person referred to in this section has recently contact, including postcode and language and the estimated risk of infection of the person referred to in this section; 8 ° list of collectivities of which the person referred to in this section is part or came into contact with , of which the data is communicated by the data bank IV; 9 ° the relevant criteria for high or low infection risks and giving advice, including of an indevent symptoms, time of starting symptoms, type of prescribed test, doctor's visit, registration fan any refusal to doctor's visit 10 ° the data DO DO or the person referred to in this section with regard to the movements, symptoms, and follow-up of isolation, prevention and hygiene measures; 11 ° the mere fact that there has been a contact between, and including the part of the household of, De Person Category IV and (I) On the one hand the Persons II as far as the Coronavirus COVID-19 Test sophistications are infected and (II) on the other hand the Persons III. §4. The database I contains the following categories of data category VI: 1 ° name, type, contact details of the collectivity; 2 ° contact information of reference doctors/or responsible for the collectivity, including name, first name and telephone number.art.8 . The database IV contains the following categories of personal data VI Category for the purposes as determined in Article 3, § 1, 2 °, B: 1 ° identification number out of authentic source and internal identification number; 2 ° name, type, address, number As displayed in the Kruispuntbank of the Enterprises, of the collectivity of which the person is a part or has come into contact with; 3 ° contact information of reference doctor and/or responsible for the collectivity, including name, first name and telephone number. 9. § 1. The database II is filled with the personal data listed in Article 6 of the persons categories I, II and III, do not after pseudonymization, and this exclusively for the purposes determined in Article 1, §2, 1 °, g , Article 1, § 2, 3 ° and Article 3, § 1, 4 °. In particular, it concerns the following categories of personal data: 1 ° a unique number that does not allow the person to identify the year of birth and, where appropriate, the year and month of death; 3 ° the gender; 4 ° the postcode; 5; ° the RIZIV number of the presistor of the test on the Coronavirus COVID-19; 6 ° the type, date, sample number and the result of a test or the suspected diagnosis in the absence of test; 7 ° the RIZIV number of the lab that has performed the test; 8 ° in case of a negative test result, a possible decision to overrue of this by a doctor; 9 ° in the event of overruing of a negative test result, the RIZIV number of the doctor who has overruling the decision; ° the type and zip code of any collectivity of which the person is a part or has come into contact; 11 ° the result of medical examinationsincluding the result of the CT scan; 12 ° the indication of the whether or not the profession of care provider's profession; 13 ° data communicated to the contact center, including symptoms, date of the first symptoms, travel, follow-up of insulation and hygiene measures; 14 ° the mere fact that there has been a contact between, and including the part of the household of, the person category IV and (i) on the one hand the Persons II insofar as the coronaviruscovid-19 test showed that these persons and (ii) on the other hand the Persons III.§ 2. The Datatzank II, is supplemented with the personal data listed in Article 6 of Depersonies category IV, but only after pseudonymization and this exclusively for the purposes as determined in Article 3, § 1 , 4 °. In particular, it concerns the following personal data: 1 ° Eenunic number that does not allow to identify the person; 2 ° the year of birth and, in accomplishing, the year and month of death; 3 ° the gender; 4 ° symptoms; 5 ° non -contact with vulnerable persons; 6 ° the result and date of the prescribed test; 7 ° exercise the profession of care provider; 8 ° the strictly necessary data met related to the contact recording, including date of ticket and general result of the contact in the form of a code; 9 ° all relevant criteria for estimate for high or low risk; 10 ° postal code of the address. Chapter V. - Access and transfer of personal data art.10. § 1. The contact centers designated by the competent regional governments or by the competent agencies have only access to the categories of personal data of (i) the Persons II of (i) the Persons II within their own atmosphere of competence Coronavirus Covid-19 test showed that they are infected and (ii) the people categories III, IV, V and VI. Access to this personal data is only for the purposes stated in Article 3, § 1, 1 °, and 2 °, Article 3, § 2 and Article 3, § 1, 3 ° in particular the identification of the patient, of The collectivity to which he belongs or with which he is in contact and of the people with whom he came into contact. § 2. The competent mobile teams and the health inspection services of the communities have, within their own competence atmosphere, only for the purposes stated in Article 3, § 1, 3 °, access to the decorations of personal data of the Persons I, II, referred to in Article 6, III and IV and where necessary of the passenger categories V and VI in the Database I, in particular in the context of initiatives to prevent expansion of disadvantable effects caused by infectious diseases. § 3. The person data as communicated and stored in the Database I may be further passed on, after pseudonymization to the Database II exclusively for the purposes as determined in Article 3, § 1, 4 °, in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation and the Act of September 5 ,2018 establishing the information security committee. The personal data as communicated and stored in the Datatzank II, can only be passed on to third parties for the purposes in Article 3, § 1, 4 °, after the deliberation, as referred to in Article 11, by the Social Security and Health of the Informatieheidscommité . Chapter VI. - Authority of the information security committee. 11. § 1. Insofar as not included in this Decree, both the communication of personal data to Sciensano for processing in the Database I, and the further notification of that personal data by Sciensano to third parties, always after deliberation the Chamber of Social Security and Health of The Information Safety Committee referred to in the Act of 5 September 2018 establishing the Information Safety Committee and changing various laws in question the implementation of the General Data Protection Regulation. § 2. Without prejudice to the application of § 1, the Chamber provides social security and health of the information security committee exclusively deliberations with regard to the announcements to or by the database I, of Sciensano for the extent that they intend the purposes referred to in Article 3, without the Chamber of Social Security and Health of the Information Safety Committee itself can determine any other purpose. § 3. The Chamber Social Security and Health of the Information Safety Committee can further clarify per processing purposes in Article 3 which specific personal data can be processed within a certain category of personal data and that are communicated to one of the Databas II, III and IV, or those from the Database IV, to the Database I, must be communicatedAs far as the realization of the relevant processing purposes. This authority is implemented in accordance with Article 46 of the Act of 15 January 1990 establishing and organization of a crossroads bank of social security. On the basis of this authority, the Social Security Chamber Health of the Information Safety Committee The Personal Data within the above category of personal data specified in Article6 Determines whether it will add further, Sciensano will make this clearly known on the hair website in accordance with the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation. § 4. In accordance with Article 1, § 4, and without prejudice to the application of §§ 1, 2, and 3, (i) the institutions that may fall under the collectivities may (ii) include the categories of information providers that must include personal data Share sciensano for storage and further processing thereof in the data benches (iii) specified in Article 2, § 1 The categories of personal data that are processed in the data banks referred to in Article 2 is clarified, amended or supplemented by a decision as referred to in Article 1 §4 .Art. 12. § 1. In the context of its powers determined in Article 11, §3, the Chamber of Social Security and Health of the Information Safety Committee determines the Further Control Star Zaede and determines at least the following elements: 1 ° the additional personal data to be requested and under which processing purposes of the personal data processing purposes specified in Article 3 must be requested; 2 ° the identity of the controller; 3 ° under which of the categories of the additional personal data are included in articles 6, 7, 8 and 9, insofar as they are sufficient and relevant and are limited to what necessary for the processing purposes as determined in 1 °; 4 ° the categories of persons who are processed in Article 4 about whom additional personal data are processed; 5 ° the measures to insurance a legitimate and fair processing of the personal data; 6 ° the way in which the persons of whom the person Traditions are processed in knowledge of that processing corresponding decision. § 2. Only for the processing purposes stated in Article 3, access is accessed to the National Register referred to in Article 1 of the Act of 8 August 1983 Regeling a National Register of Natural Persons and the Kruispuntbank Registers referred to in Article 4 of the Act of 15 January 1990 containing establishment and organization of a intersection bank of social security.§ 3. A communication of personal data from other authentic sources to the Database Iveealist a deliberation of the Chamber of Social Security and Health of the Information Safety Committee, insofar as the announcement of this additional personal data is required for the processing purposes determined in Article 3. Chapter VII. - Safety measures. 13. § 1.Sciensano, with regard to data banks I and II, and the competent regional authorities or the agencies designated by the authorities, with regard to data banks III and IV, take appropriate technical measures in accordance with Article 32 of the General Data Protection Regulation to guarantee the risk of security level. § 2. Sciensano, the data benches I and II, and the competent regional authorities or the agencies -designated agencies, with regard to data banks III and IV, will meet the principles of data protection by design and by standard institutions as determined in Article 25 of The Alarm Ordinance Data Protection. Chapter VIII. - Digital investigation applications. § 1. The digital contact detection application to prevent the further distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 is aimed at informing users that they have had a risky contact with another infected user, without the contaminated user being identified by the digital contact detection application, And with the further goal that the informed usered person itself would voluntarily take the necessary steps, based on the recommendations of Sciensano and the competent authorities, to prevent further spread of the COVID-19 Coronavirus. §2. The digital contact detection application is limited to the processing of that information die must allow: 1 ° contacts between the users of the digital contact discharge planning are being captured without the identity of a user being traced; 2 ° when a user falls within the category of ( i) the persons category II insofar as the Coronavirus Covid-19 test showed that this user is infected or (ii) the persons category III; the user the COVID-19BesFetation on a voluntaryAnonymized, at least pseudonymized, can report manner by means of their own active action; 3 ° users of the digital contact detection application are expected if they have been in the vicinity of a user infected with COVID-19 who has reported this in accordance with what has been determined In 2 °. §3. The digital contact investigation application must meet the following minimum conditions: 1 ° The digital contact detection application has been worked out with the reference the Decentralized Privacy-Preserversproximity tracing (DP3T) Protocol; 2 ° The digital contact review application consists of the user application that by the user application is installed and a central log list that allows the operation of the digital contact detection application as described in §2, 2 ° and 3 ° in a controlled manner; 3 ° Sciensano is the controller's log list, as referred to in § 3, 2 ° , which is stored in Datatankank V; 4 ° the digital contact detection application can provide interoperability with other European member states, countries that are part of the European Economic Area or countries that are regarded as an appropriate level of data protection by the European Commission as determined in the General Data Protection Regulation (Adequacy Decree), which also use the protocol stated in the point 1 ° and offer the same or equivalent guarantees to data protection; 5 ° The communication between devices on which the application was installed is only based on data on the basis of which the user does not can be identified; 6 ° The DigitalContactpreciation application allows a user, whose infection has been established with COVID-19 has been determined, to use an authorization code in order to ensure that only validated information and informational accounts can be informed of the controller of the central log list, and thus thus, accidental and incorrect reports of contamination via the digital contact detection application in terms of; 7 ° the digital contact detection application ensures that only the fact of infection, as well as the date on which the user has probably become contagious, are communicated to the blast Responsible for the central log list, and this in a way that the identity of the user cannot be obsolete; 8 ° The digital contact detection application allows users to use the digital contact investigation application on their device, temporarily or not, to switch off, and the digital contact investigation applications at any time are deactivated by the user, whereby it is guaranteed that the installation of the digital contact detection application is not more difficult than its installation; 9 ° The central log list in Database V can be deactivated at any time, and the processing of data for all Users, whether or not temporarily, can be stopped, by a decision as referred to in Article 1 § 4.; 10 ° The central log list in Database V is in any case deactivatedzodra determines by a decision as referred to in Article 1 § 4 that it is not more needed to manage the termination of the exitstr Ategie; The central log list is deactivated at the latest after 1 year, unless a decision as referred to in Article 1 § 4 is necessary that an extension of this period is necessary; 11 ° The user must be able to report a voluntary establishment of contamination via the Digital contact investigation applications The central log list, without the identity of the user being able to be obsolete and whereby whereby where to allow a user to allow himself to authentize, if it wishes to pass on if possible are kept outside the contact investigation application, and in any case Never be passed on to the central log list, and immediately after a successful authentication are removed from the contact detection application; 12 ° no geolocation data is used or processed on single manier in the digital contact detection application.13 ° when a user receives a notification of E And contact with an infected user, then pendulum details are communicated that would allow the infected user to identify; 14 ° the full source codeIn particular, the application layer that ensures that the data transmitted to Degatensbank V and where the individual cannot be identified as well as the interface of the digital contact detection application is made public; § 4. The digital contact detection application transfers the principles contained in Article 5 of the General Data Protection Regulation. Singal data that is necessary to be able to confirm a COVID-19 BE-user and to inform users of the digital contact detection application that they are for a certain have found time in the proximity of a person infected with COVID-19, can be processed. These categories are exhaustively listed in this Decree or, if necessary in the decisions referred to in Article 1 §4. § 5. Installing, using and de-installing the digital contact detection application by a user is only done on a voluntary basis. Then do not install it, whether or not to use the mobile application of the digital contact investigation application cannot give rise to any civil or controlled measure, to any discriminatory act or to any advantage or disadvantage.§ 6. All data related to contacts between users, stored on the user's device, will be deleted at the latest three weeks after they have been generated In the final equipment of the user of a digital contact detection application. Data that ends up in the central log list may no longer be used by the user's end equipment. The information stored in the log list must be deleted at the latest three weeks after it was included in the log list. DEDATA linked to the voluntary passing on a COVID-19 established infection and the data that is used for authentication of the infected person, insofar as this information is information In application of § 2, 2 °, it must be immediately deleted on the device of the user needs, they were entered in the contact investigation application. § 7. Neither the contact detection application, nor the data processed with it, may be used for other objectives, but not exclusively, but not just police, commercial, criminal, or state security -bound objectives. Conditions determined in Title 4 of the Law of 30 July 2018 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data with a view to archiving the public interest, scientific or historical research or statistical purposes referred to inart. 89, §§ 2 and 3 of the General Data Protection Regulation. §8. In implementation of Articles 35 and 36 of the General Data Protection Regulation, a data protection effect assessment is drawn up and published. § 9. The further effect of the contact detection application and the useful data processing is regulated in that context as referred to in Article 1 § 4, without that it can be detracted from the provisions of this article. This executive decision contains at least: 1 ° a description of the investigation system, in particular to ensure that the risks limited by the DP3T protocol 2 ° a clear description of the processing arising from the use of the contact detection application and a clear definition of important concepts such as risk contact, authorization code, secured key and non-personalized temporary serial number; 3 ° the technical specifications that the contact investigation application will have to meet; 4 ° the necessary specifications to provide interoperability with other European member states, countries of the European Economic Area or countries that are regarded as a country with an appropriate protection level regarding data protection by the European Commission as determined in the General Regulation. NS protection (adequacy decision), which also offer the protocol customs stated in the point 1 ° and the same or equivalent guarantees to data protection; 5 ° the specific regions to limit the risk of re-identification based on the authentization of the infected user; 6 ° the manner on which the parties involved are informed about the operation of the contact detection applications the exchange of data they generate; 7 ° the procedure for checking the proper operation of the contact detection application. Chapter IX. - Storage period. 15.§ 1. Subject to the provisions of § 2the personal data from the Datatanbanki will be deleted at the latest 60 days after it is saved. The personal data from the database III is deleted daily. The personal data from the Database IV is either erased every 10 years. The data stored in the database V is deleted at the latest after 3 weeks, in conforming stated in Article 14, § 6. The personal data received, with the exception of Vandeze from Databases IV and V, will in any case be deleted by the controller on 20 October 2020. § 2. The pseudonymized personal data as determined in Article10, § 3, which are transmitted for the processing purposes as stipulated in Article 3, §1, 4 °, will be deleted in accordance with the law of 10 April 2014 containing various provisions of health and the Collaboration Agreement concluded in implementation between RIZIV and Sciensano. - Transparency and rights of stakeholders. 16. § 1. Sciensano, as Controller's Responsible Van de Data Banks I and II, takes appropriate measures to ensure the information referred to in Articles 13s 14 of the General Data Protection Regulation and the data protection Regulation The aforementioned communication in connection with the processing for the purposes stipulated in Article 3 in a concise, transparent, understandable easily accessible form and in clear and simple language. § 2. Sciensano creates and maintains a website for which adequate information is published for the benefit of the persons referred to in Article 4 in accordance with Article 14 of the General Regulation Data Protections, the contact details of the Data Protection Officer. §3. Sciensano maintains and manages a system for the exercise of the rights determined in Articles 15 to22 and Article 34 of the General Data Protection Regulation. §4. Sciensano, the competent regional governments and agencies designated by the competent regional authorities, each transparently determine their respective responsibilities within their competence atmosphere, in particular with regard to the exercise of the rights of the person concerned and the provision of information. that contains the modalities of a processing agreement and an agreement for the sharing of personal data, in which the respective roles and relationships of the joint processing managers are determined towards those involved .Art. 17. This decision enters into force on 1 July 2020 and keeps effect on the day on which a collaborative agreement between the Federal State, the Flemish Community, the Walloon Region, the German -speaking Community and the Uniform Community Commission, concerning the joint data processing by Sciensanoen the by the competent regional governments or contact centers, health inspections and mobile teams designated by the competent agencies in the context of a contact survey among persons who are (presumably) infected with the Coronavirus COVID-19 on the basis of a data sofa at Sciensano. on October 15, 2020.Art. 18. The Minister for Social Affairs and Public Health is charged with the implementation of this Decree. Given Tebrussel, 26 June 2020.Filip of Koningswege: the Minister of Social Health, Public Health, m. De BlockPublication: 2020-06-29NUMAC: 2020041950Federal Public Service Public Health, Safety of the Food Chain and Leefmilieu26 June 2020.-Royal Decree No. 44 concerning the joint data processing by Sciensano and the contacts and the competent agencies or by the competent agencies and contacts and the competent agencies and Mobile teams in the context of a contact survey among persons who are (presumably) infected with the Coronavirus COVID-19 on the basis of a database at Sciensanoverlagaan de Koningsire, in the context of the COVID-19 Health crisis in Belgium, the Royal Decree no. 18 A database was established from 4 May 2020 at Sciensano, the Belgian Institute of Public Health. This contains specific data, necessary for the detection and contact of deprocated persons, for the realization of scientific, statistical and/or policy support investigations and for the completion of the assignments of the health inspection services of the Communities Regions in the context of initiatives to expand harmful effects , caused by infectious diseases, to prevent the Royal Decree no. 18 of 4 May 2020, however, held effect on 4 June 2020. Since it was great for achieving the aforementioned purposes that the database was also after that date (temporarily) if such a could continue to exist, the Royal Decree no. 25 was approved to maintain it until 30 June 2020. In its advisory number. 67,425/3 of 26 May 2020 on a bill `establishing a database at Sciensano in the context of the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 ', the content of which is almost the content of Royal Decree No 18, 18, the legislation of the legislation of State formulates, among other things, following considerations and conclusions: "The detection of COVID-19-BESSFECTIONS (...] to the competence of the communities. That authority also includes the establishment of a regulation for the protection of the protection of the protection of the protection of the protection of protection Natural persons in the processing of Personal Data Dienaar Get Red reason for that investigation are collected. To the extent that the bill submitted for advice provides rules with regard to the processing of that personal data, the community competence in preventive health care is therefore entering. , § 2, of the bill in rules is provided with regard to the assignments and the working method from the contact center that is charged with the detection of COVID-19-Bes making. These rules also belong to the community authority on preventive health care. The processing of the personal data in the database is also done in the context of the federal powers on scientific research [...]. In that respect, the surveillance activities with which Sciensano is taxable is taxed by Article 4 of the Act of 25 February 2018 `establishing Sciensano '. The conclusion therefore that the bill relates to both federal and community powers. In addition, the two aspects in the proposed regulation appear to be closely linked. The bill submitted for advice can only be passed in its current form if it would be formed into a cooperation agreement for which parliamentary approval is required. "The consultation committee of 30 May 2020 then made the following decision:" In the light of the Council of State's advice concerning the bill on tracing and the database, it was decided to conclude a cooperation agreement. "Deinterministerial Conference Public Health worked one Design of the Cooperation Agreement between the Federalestate, the Flemish Community, the Walloon Region, the German -speaking Community and the Common Community Commission, concerning the joint data processing by Sciensano and the authorities or the competent agencies Contact centers indicated, health inspections mobile teams in the context of a contact survey among persons who are (presumably) infected with the coronaviruscovid-19 on the basis of a database at Sciensano. This design was approved by the consultation committee on 25 June 2020 after which the Procedure for the approval was approved Due to the Different Regulations and Parliaments of the Little States, the Royal Decree no. 18 as amended by Royal Decree No. 25 of 28 May 2020, however, holds on to 30 June 2020. Since it is to achieve the aforementioned purposes of large The importance is that the database cook can continue to exist (temporarily) as such after that dateIt is proposed to maintain this 15 October 2020. The period for deleting the personal data is adjusted accordingly (20 October 2020 instead of 5 July 2020). This Royal Decree provides a temporary regulation that takes the advisory account of the advice 67.425/3 t.e.m.67.427/3 and 67.424/3 of the Council of State and No. 42/2020 and 49/2020 of the data protection authority. The present decision is virtually identical to the content of the aforementioned approved design of the cooperation agreement, which is submitted to the Council of State and the Data Protection Authority Sales for advice. Although the World Health Organization (WHO) has the outbreak of the SARS-COV-ONT 2-virus, which causes COVID-19's disease, declared a pandemic. Also Belgia is not spared v An this pandemic. In the context of the COVID-19 Health crisis and to combat a more distribution of the disease, the National Security Council, in which, in addition to the federal government's representatives, representatives of the federal states were taxed in order to take each other in accordance with the further to limit the spread of COVID-19.1. Although general objectives of the contacts of infected persons and encouraging these contacts to take the necessary measures, is crucial to prevent new infections that Devolks health threaten. Contact research and detection can be used in various ways. The most obvious methods are manual and digital contact detection. An of the necessary measures in the manual contact examination is the early detection of person-to-be infected with COVID-19 or of which there is a serious suspicion that they are infected with Covid-19, so that they are infected, so that they are infected, so that they are infected, so that The necessary recommendations can be given to these persons (home isolation, telecommuting, etc.) to prevent them from infecting other people with the SARS-COV-2 virus. Since this forms a task of preventive healthcare, its authority is due to the federal states. Signal contagiousness of the SARS-COV-2 virus, it is also necessary to check with which persons the infected person presumably infected person has been in contact (contact detection ), so that these spends necessary recommendations can also be given (testing, limiting contacts and so on) to prevent a rider distribution of COVID-19. These tasks of contact detection also fall under the manual contact examination. Here too, this forms a task of preventive health care that resorts under the material competence of the federal states. Tracing the COVID-19-BesTingsdan also belongs to the competence of the communities. This authority also includes determining a regulation for the protection of natural persons in the processing of personal data that is collected as a result of that investigation. In order to ensure that the data processing of this manual contact study in the whole of Belgium runs uniform, Sciensano, Belgian Institute for Public Health, was instructed to collect health and contact details of patients from doctors, laboratories and to process in one central database. Central database is necessary, given the mobility of the citizens through the various states. Maintaining a different data banks per state should therefore mean that databases should interact with each other on the moment that such movements occur. In the practical field, this interacting could ensure a delayed effect of the contact centers, where other states should be waited for input. In addition, passing on personal data between different decentralized databases regularly entails a much greater risk of data breaches. Because of this reasons, the advice of the Data Protection Authority to set up decentralized databases, not being finished. With a view to a safer and more efficient policy, this decision aims to first of all provide de -Juridic basis for this central database. This database at Sciensano, which is established by means of this decision (hereinafter "Datatensbank I"), will provide for the exchange of data with the databasesThese are established to support the contact centers designated by the competent regional governments or by the competent agencies. The latter - also centrally -hosted data benches (hereinafter "Databas III and IV") - are also established by means of this decision. TENEWEDEDE Health inspection services and the mobile teams allow the tasks entrusted to them (including the identification and tracing outbreaks of COVID -19 and clusters, the measures taking on the spot, to be able to properly exercise COVID-19 outbreaks and clusters), it is also necessary that an exchange of the data between the Database I and the Health Inspection Services, as well as with the Mobile teams.voorts the functions of the existing epidemiological monitoring binding must be guaranteed. It will therefore be important to enable research institutions, including Sciensano, to carry out scientific or statistical studies in connection with the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 and/or to support the policy in the fight against the coronavirust, through the Exchange of the data between the Database I and the already existing data bank at Sciensano, which is already being used today for scientific research (hereinafter "Datatzank II"). This makes up a task that resorts under the material competence of the Staatdoetzake scientific research. The processing of the personal data in the Database I is also done in the context of the federal powers on scientific research, as shown by Article1, § 2 of this Decree. In that respect, the surveillance activities that Messanensano are taxed with Article 4 of the Act of 25 February 2018 `To establish sciensano'o. ways of contact detection. After all, it is not always possible to remember exactly who one has had contact about a certain period of time, let alone that people would have the contact details of all those people. Therefore, in addition to the Manuelecontact study in this Decree, a framework is provided to enable the digital contact investigation via a digital contact detection application.2. Manual contact investigating the manual contact examination as efficient as possible, the Database I should act as a decentralized database in the fight against the distribution of COVID-19. Sciensano, as a controller, manages the database I that contains personal data that care providers and care -providing institutions are relocated. However, for the objectives set out in this Decree, it will also be necessary that the employees of the contact centers (including the field researchers) and the mobile teams share the data with the Datkensbank I. This with the aim is to organize the most efficient and complete possible contact survey. This database consists of the sciensano founded in 2014 at Sciensano, which will act as receiver in the context of the fight against COVID-19, albeit the collected data from Database I, although after pseudonymization and only to use this data for further scientific and epidemiological research. With the eye on changing data with the regional health inspection services, mobile teams and/or the contact centers indicated by debt agencies from the database I are - as already stated above - two additional in the central database established, in particular Databases IIien IV, for which (i) the Flemish Agency for Care and Health, (II) the Agence Wallonne Pour Une Dequalité, (III) the Ministry of the German Community and (IV) the common community Commission for their respective g be the controller of the Event. This concerns the following two databases: 1. the database with belorders and orders for the employees of the Contact Center (Database III); 2. the database with contact details of collectivities (database IV). A (presumably) infected person contacted by the Contact Centerom to provide information about the persons with whom he has been in contact, the circumstances in which contact have taken place should not specify. A deviation For the following persons for the following persons:- Health care providers;- Persons who have to keep the professional secrecy. In the case of health care providers, these are relieved of their secrecy attitude if they have to feed the database I for the purposes in this Decree, but also on the other hand When the contact center contact them (presumably) infected personTo provide information about the persons with whom they have been in contact. Regarding the other persons who, by virtue of their state or profession, are the holder of secrets entrusted to them, these have also been relieved of their confidentiality obligation when contact center contact them As a (presumably) infected person, to provide information about the persons with whom they have been in contact. These Databas III and IV exchange data in the context of the contact investigation, this with each other and with the database I. with collectivities become communities of Persons intended with regard to the competent health inspection judgments that there is an increased risk of spreading the Coronavirus COVID-19, based on the most recent scientific insights. For example, it may be a hospital, school, asylum center, prison, residential care center, workshop, institution for people with disabilities, childcare, rehabilitation center or a barracks. The institutions that may fall under the term collectivities can, if necessary, be clarified by means of a decision referred to in Article 1 § 4. Processing purposes with regard to the storage and exchange of personal data in the Database (i) at Sciennode Processing purposes of this data collection In the database Ien the subsequent data exchange to the Databas II, III and IV are four -fold.1. The data collection and exchange serve to detect the confirmed infected persons and the persons whom a doctor has a serious suspicion that they are infected and detect and detect and Contacting - Via every way of communication - to be able to give them the necessary recommendations and to be able to follow this passenger person, as well as to provide information about the persons with whom they have contacted. To achieve this processing purposes, there is an exchange of DataSbank I and Datus Ban KII foreseen, where necessary also with the Database IV.2. The data collection and exchange are necessary with a view to contacting the persons with whom the infected or suspected infected persons (hereinafter "index persons") came into contact via each Possible communication, to provide hygiene and prevention guidelines, to give quarantine and/or to invite them to be tested for the Coronavirus COVID-19 and more destroyer follow-up. The contact center will also contact the reference doctor, or in the absence of a reference doctor, the administrative responsible of the collectivity of which the (presumably) infected patient is part of, with a view to informing about the (suspected) infection of the Persoonie is part of the collectivity . For this processing purposes to be realized, Wordter forces an exchange of data between Database I and Datatankank III, where necessary also with the Database IV. The database I must then be fed with the data from the people with which the index persons have come into contact with the relevant contact centers. The data collection and exchange are necessary for both the competent health inspection services of the federal states in the context of their regulatory assignments, as well as the tasks that the mobile teams of the Health Inspectorate will be assigned. Deutonheid Inspection Services are these referred to in the Decree of 21 November 2003 on the preventive health policy (for Flanders), the Decree of 2 May 2019 amending the Waalse Code of Social Action and Health regarding the prevention and promotion of health (for Wallonia) , the ordinance of 19 July 2007 on the preventive health policy and the decision of 23 April 2009 of the United College of the common community committee concerned prophylaxis against transferable diseases (for Brussels) and the decree of the parliament of the German -speaking community of 1 June 2004 on the Health Promotion and with regard to medical prevention and its implementing decisions. The detection and investigations of clusters are also used, where mobile teams are used to detect these persons in collectivities and living communities and thereby certain measures take to this processing purposes to be achieved Wordter An exchange of data between Database I provided with the health inspection services as well as with the mobile teams they have designated, each within their competence atmosphere.4. After all, the data collections are serving to make it available to the Database II with an eye after pseudonymization of the data, scientificallyStatistical and/or policy-supporting research through research institutions, including Sciensano, in the context of the fight against the Coronaviruscovid-19 and Policy on this. To realize this processing purposes, an exchange of Gepseudonymized data is provided between Datatoresk II and Datatoringen of Data. Collection is collected in the context of current decision-made categories of free data that are collected are identification and contact data, test data, regulations, results of CT scans and presumed diagnoses of persons on the one hand and data from the infection persons or persons whose serious suspicion exists Person infected as well as hospitalized patients with a confirmed diagnosis of the coronavirus at the hospitals on the other. A large number of this data is collected by laboratories, triage posts, hospitals and doctors, CRAs (coordinating consultants) in the collectivities (for example, residential care centers, asylum centers and prisons). The suspected diagnosis in the absence of tests only refers to the suspected infection with the CoronavirusScidid only -19. This suspected diagnosis can only be made by the doctor who determines the suspected infection with the Coronavirus COVID-19 on the basis of a medical examination. For the tests, not only the test results are important, but will also be the type of prescribed and/or outdoors test, as well as the date of the test are necessary. On the one hand to determine whether a patient is not infected, and on the other hand to allow researchers to conduct further quality and statism research on testing on COVID-19. An infection with COVID-19 can also be deduced from CT scans results. Collecting this data allows more clarity to obtain the general course of the disease of COVID-19 in an infected patient. With the view of the ducky identification of the persons concerned (being hospitalized patients, infected persons whose serious suspicion exists Being infected) and the mutual linking of the collected data, it is also absolutely necessary to also store the identification number of the social security of the persons involved whose data is incorporated in the database I and to provide general access to the National Register. This also relieves the doctors, hospitals and laboratories make the information available (i.e. the informants), since they only have to provide the data that cannot be found in the National Register. In view of the fact that the HELEEGEZONS Care system in Belgium is based on the use of the National Register number to be able to identify a patient -acting actual, this number is also of necessary importance to process inside manual contact examination, with a view to the correct identification of the index person as well as of DEADEMEN with whom the index person has been in contact. Insofar as this is strictly necessary for the realization of the processing purposes laid down in this Decree, the collected person data will also be linked to personal data from other data benches, such as the Crossroadbank Registers, from which the correct identification data can are achieved, the Cobrha Database with accurate For example, for example, for tax purposes, personal data may be linked to personal data of the Federal Public Service Finance or for the fight against fraud on personal data from other authentic sources). The use of these authentic sources is of fundamental importance to minimize the administrative burden of the informants, cover the data of the data To increase and treat the smooth communication of test results to the care providers that to be able to insure an infected patient. Also to include the RIZIV number of the treating physician in the database I is important. This number is used to prescribe the Diede Test doctor, or to be able to identify the doctor who has taken the decision to overrue. This also applies to the RIZIV number of the laboratory or triage post, Diede has taken the test. In addition, these data must be for statistical purposes, as well as quality improvement of the tests conducted in accordance with Article 5, (1), bof the General Data Protection Regulation without that this can ever lead to any criminal liability for the doctors or labs. To make this possible, the RIZIV number of the doctor or the laboratory must also be processed and saved. infected person or the person whose serious suspicion is that this person has been infected in contact. The collection and processing of the personal data of the persons with whom the infected person or persons whose persons are seriously suspected that these persons are infected, Having been in contact is done on the basis of the detailed scripts of the investigation system of the contact center. Even after the persons with whom the infected person or the person whose serious suspicion is that this person has been infected has already been contacted by the contact centers, the data of these persons are kept with a view to the further follow -up of these persons. With The eyeopic investigation, it is also required to have information about the person ending with a negative result and the people who were infected but no longer are. The first allow useful conclusions to draw the ratio of negative test results Versus -positive test results , the second gives the possibility to draw conclusions about immunity below the population. The data collected by the mobile teams can also be passed on sciensano to be stored in the Database I for further processing and notification of it only for the within this decision certain processing purposes.in di t Decree the categories of the collected personal data, but already with a non-limitative view of the personal data that falls under the category in question to raise the transparency and process the data in this context. This in order to allow the system of the manual contact study in all its facets to evolve with the advancing scientific insight as well as the need to be able to quickly be able to switch in times of this COVID-19 crisis. Access and transfer of Personal data it is of course that the competent regional authorities or the Single Contact Center indicated by the competent agencies will receive data that are necessary for contact detection and insofar as the parties involved fall under the authority of the relevant regional government or competent agency. More in the special feat the Datatankank III the Belorders for the employees of the contact center. This is fed from the central database i only with the data of infected or presumably infected persons only insofar as this data is necessary for the contact examination, such as name, contact data indication that the person must be called as a (presumably) infected person. The results of the contact investigation in turn end up in the Database I. Database IV, contains contact of collectivities that the person concerned is part of, which is exchanged data with databases I and, III and IV. The contact center does not only contact the persons of Wie who of Wie who The doctor has a serious suspicion of infection or with the people where the coronaviruscovid-19 test showed that they are infected, but also with the people with whom they have come in close contact. The contact center reception designated by the competent regional authorities or the competent agencies from the Database I at Sciensano. If it concerns contacts with people in a collectivity with a vulnerable population, the contact center contacts the reference doctor, or in the absence, the administrative responsible of that collectivity for further follow -up of the situation. If it concerns contacts with individuals, then the contact center contacts those individual persons by telephone, then gives them based on the information that they provide appropriate recommendations (staying at home, working at home, being tested, ...) and confirms this recommendation electronic. This electronic shipment only concerns a confirmation of the recommendations given oral. It is also possible that field researchers make physical visits to those involvedwhen telephone or electronic contact is impossible. The mobile teams and the health inspection services of the equipment and territorially competent federal states or the competent agencies have access to the data in the database I insofar as access is made within the processing purposes in this Decree; The access is made in the context of their respective regional powers in the framework of initiatives to expand harmful effects caused by infectious diseases, whereby these initiatives must be limited to initiatives to combat the harmful effects of the Coronavirus COVID-19.de Pseudonymized data that itself in Database II can only be passed on to third parties in the context of scientific or statistical studies regarding the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 and/or Kandet in this area. This transfer is only possible after deliberation by the roomsocial security and health of the information security committee. Power of the Information Safety Committee The Information Safety Committee is an independent body that has the task of granting permission for the communication of personal data in the Social and Health Care Sector, taking into account Vande Stondondoming Vandebeding Vande -Naordetime Vande -Naardbeding Vandebeding Vand de Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vand de Vantalization of Vandeinging Vand de Vantalization of Vand de Vantalization of Vande -to -Vandetime. And to promote the protection of data and information security. Providing the communication of personal data to a deliberation of the information security committee is a rule established by the Federal Act and forms a measure of data protection by design and by standard institutions within the meaning of the General Regulation Data Protection. It is based on Articles 6, § 2 and 9, § 4 of the Data Protection General Ordinance. The deliberations of the information safety committee specify which information security measures are complied with by the actors of a data communication exhibition and is preventively assessed or no more personal data on the Acquiring organization is then necessary to achieve legitimate purposes of the processing. The facts of the Information Safety Committee are binding on the actors of the data exchange. On the other hand, they are aimed at offering the actors of data exchange, so that effective and efficient exchange is not unnecessary impeded by a lack of clarity about the information security measures to be implemented or about the legitimacy of the disclosure of personal data. The deliberations of the information security committee only have Rekkop The (electronic) exchange of data. In his deliberations, the information security committee is bound to the legal provisions regarding the processing purposes of the authorities that receive the data receipt. The deliberations of the Information Safety Committee are only a legal basis that enables a single organ that processes personal data on the basis of legitimate purposes to communicate these personal data to other bodies, in the context of legitimate purposes for which the receiving organ data can be processed. legal basis for the first collection and processing of personal data by the far -reaching agency. The receiving body, on the other hand, must process the personal data on the basis of the legal basis. The Information Safety Committee cannot therefore expand the purpose of the first processing through the far -reaching body, nor can it offer a different legal basis for the processing by the receiving body than that in which is provided for by or pursuant to the law. The information security committee is not a supervisory authority within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation. It is therefore not authorized to supervise compliance, to resolve problems and disputes or to treat complaints. It is indeed the data protection authority for these matters. The Data Protection Authority can at all times compare any deliberation of the information safety committee with higher legal standards and, in the event of non-compliance, the information safety committee requests his deliberation on the points indicated by him.insofar as not yet included in this decision. These deliberations can only be granted for announcements within the processing purposes and for the categories of personal data in this Decree. The Information Safety Committee can therefore in no way itself determine other processing objectives Noch categories of personal data for the announcement of personal data on or through the database of Sciensano. The Information Safety Committee, in particular the Chamber of Social Sea and Health, can only further define the processing purposes in this Decree Personal data within a certain category of personal data can be processed, made accessible and/or to be communicated to one of the Databas II, III, IV or Dievanuit de Data Bank IV to the Database I at Sciensano must be notified, insofar as useful for the realization of the realization of the realization of the realization of the realization of the realization of the realization of the realization of the realization of the relevant processing purposes. The deliberations of the information safety committee are published on the respective websites.Teeinde to allow the system of manual contact research to be evolved in all its facets Methet advancing scientific insight as well as the need to be able to switch crisissnel in times of this COVID-19 (i) The institutions that may fall under the collectivities, (ii) the categories of information providers that require personal data to communicate to SciensanoVoor storage and further processing thereof in the central database and (iii) the categories of personal data in the Databas I, II , III and IV are processed, amended or supplemented by the King by means of a Royal Decree adopted after consultation in the Council of Ministers and in the inter -ministerial conference Public Health The Information Safety Committee will therefore not be able to determine the Collectivities which categories of information providers require personal data to communicate to Sciensano, or which categories of data are processed in the Data Banks I, II, III and IV. These elements must be laid down by means of a royal decision as referred to in Article 1 § 4. However, this does not alter the fact that the information security committee.b.t. Data flows that relate to collectivities, additional information providers and categories of personal data can exercise its powers as described in this Decree. Safety measures of the respective responsible for the processing take the necessary appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a high level of security. This means, among other things, that the Datatankankenzullen meet the principles of data protection through design and by standard settings. Also guarantees that pseudonymizing personal data is done in such a way that the personal data can be more than a specific data subject to be linked without additional data being used, as well as this method of pseudonymizing in accordance with the new definition recorded in the General Data Protection. Personal Data In any case, the personal data from the Central Database (i) will be deleted at the latest 60 days after the storage. This period of 60 days takes into account the most recent developments in the epidemiological examination (eg in the field of tests) that are necessary for a Good follow-up of people to guarantee. The pseudonymizing data that is located in the Database II for scientific research are erased in the laws of 10 April 2014 containing various health provisions and the cooperation agreement between the RIZIV and Sciensano concluded in implementation. The personal data from Datatensbankiii are deleted daily and the personal data in Database IV are either updated every ten years, either. Name at the latest on 20 October 2020. Transparency and Rights of the Development Poor The respectively responsible for the processing, measures are taken to provide the necessary transparency. To be conciseTransparants to be understandable and this at various levels. When contacting the person concerned via the contact center, there is transparent communication with regard to the processing of them the personal data. A website is provided where the person concerned can find all information back in an easy way. Digital contact academy This decision is also provided for a framework Contact research via a digital contact detection application to enable a digital contact detection application can allow citizens to determine themselves whether they have recently been in contact with an infected person. A fundamental requirement to prevent the further distribution of the virus based on digital technologies is the confidence of the citizen in these technologies and the most possible participation of the citizen in these technologies. Its use must therefore be framed with deestangste guarantees and meet the requirements regarding fundamental rights. The application of the Data Protection-by-Design principles of the General Data Protection Regulation must be at the center of the development of a digital contact detection application. The European Data Protection Committee in this area digital contact detection applications that use Bluetooth and Diegedecentralized Working, a method for which also opted in the present decision. When drawing up this Decree, the recommendations of the competent national and international authorities, in particular the European Commission, the European Data Protection and Debelgic Data Protection Authority, was taken into account. U was the decision to install and use a digital contact investigation application only To the citizen. This decision opts for a system from both the installation and the use of a digital contact detection application voluntary issue by the person concerned. In addition, the transmission of a possible established contamination is also left to be passed on. The stimulation of a wide use by the citizens of the same digital contact exploration application, developed in accordance with the Data Protection -By -Design principle, is therefore a measure that is completely in line with the principle laid down in the general Data Protection Regulation states that it must be opted for measures that allow proposed purposes to achieve the most effective way and in a way that is the least invasive in terms of the upright protection of privacy. The framework of the contact detection of the governments, a corresponding end decision to be based on the DP3T System, an open source system that was elaborated by a pan-European group of academics specialized in, among other things, encryption, information security, privacy and epidemiologi e, and that is already used in other European countries. This should ensure that interference in the field of private life is minimized. This Decree does not prevent other data solutions from being worked out within the framework of the private sector or research institutions, as long as they are voluntary, provided for explicit and informed permission and fully satisfied all requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation. From a digital contact detection application, and the fact that the use of the DP3T system minimizes interference in the field of private life, the use of such applications contributes to the correct balance between the right to health and the interference in the field of Privéleven. The DP3T System has been published, and the source code is public so that these independent experts can be verified. In that sense, this therefore meets the recommendation of the GBA in its advice 34/2020 to publish the source code. A digital contact investigation application Basic of DP3T consists of a mobile application that can be voluntarily installed and used by the user, and used, and A central log list. The mobile application registered contacts between users without the identity being traced. The log list allows an user to pass on a determined contamination as well as the suspected time of this infection and through a controlled manner, so that other users can notify if they would have been in contact with the infected user in the period that he/side -bound used to beWithout the identity of the infected user or the other user with which he/she was in contact with it, it can be traced. A digital contact investigation application of the DP3T system only stores fully pseudonymized or anonymous data, on the user's device, in particular secured Keys and temporarily random serial numbers, without reference to the identity of the persons between which the contact has taken place, nor to the place where the contact took place. The approaching time at which the contact has taken place is stored because this is necessary to determine whether the contact has taken place between the start of the infectivity and the determination of the contamination. This decides that Sciensano is the controller of the central log list. Sciensano must monitor the necessary technical and organizational measures to protect the log list, and that the data from the log list is not crossed with other databases. In view of the special experience at Sciensano on data protection when handling health data for scientific research and the implementation of such methods of security and pseudonymization of data, Sciensano seems to be the most appropriate responsible for this processing. The functionalities, modalities and technical conditions For the use of a digital contact investigation application in this decision, it is determined to be able to determine the guarantees of the fundamental rights and freedoms of the citizens, and in particular the protection of the processed information, this. Decision only deals with digital contact investigation applications in the framework of the COVID-19 Epidemie. Other e-health applications, such as applications for triage, self-monitoring, monitoring in the context of a care relationship or applications for remote care, are not arranged by this Decree. Introduction to indemnifying the fundamental rights and in the special protection of personal data DIT Decree determines the legal framework In which a digital contact detection application functions. When drawing up this decision, account was taken of the recommendations of the competent national and international authorities, in particular the European Commission, the European Data Protection Committee and the Belgian Data Protection Authority. As confirmed by the aforementioned bodies, European privacy legislation provides for a legal basis for The development and use of a digital contact detection application, in particular Articles6, § 1, E) and 9, § 2, i) of the General Data Protection Regulation. This decree therefore relies on these specific legal principles. This decision provides for the legal basis for achieving subsequent objectives: • In the first place, monigital contact investigation application must register contacts between users in an automated manner without this that the identity of users can do be outdated; • In the second place, a digital contact investigation application must be the user whose COVID-19 infection is stated to give the possibility to voluntarily report that he/she is COVID-19, and this is authorized and controlled manner to any incorrect or to prevent false reports; • The report of the infection must then allow other users who have come into contact with the user contaminated with COVID-19 in the period that the infected user was contagious, it is too notified in the vicinity of this infected person found, without any The name, location or the exact time of infection are passed on. This legal framework is necessary but not being confused with the free choice of the citizen to install, use and de-install a digital contact investigation application. This decision determines the framework for the technical en people's law guarantees that a digital contact detection application must meet, but does not make any way an obligation to the citizen to install, use or de-install a digital contact detection application. On the recommendation of the GBA in its advice 34/2020, it is also clarified that a (non-) user may in no way experience a disadvantage or an advantage of whether or not to use a digital contact investigation application. However, the DigitalContactpreciation application will be accompanied by terms of use where unlawful use will be punished both contractual and according to the rules of the common law. Installing a digital contact investigation application activates a number of technical actions as described aboveInnocence to generating secure keys and temporarily random serial numbers. Subsequently, the user always comes to the user of a digital contact detection application to activate the other technical actions whether or not actively and voluntarily activate the other technical actions on the basis of confirming a COVID-19 infection via the application. It goes without saying that this is a necessary step to help realize the ultimate objective of a digital contact detection application, reducing the COVID-19 epidemic and avoiding new flare-ups. for which digital contact detection applications may process data; • It indicates the controller that must apply the guarantees through this Decree within the strict framework of the described objectives. Sciensano is the best placed institution for this. Art. 4, § 1 of the Act of 25 February 2018 establishing Sciensano that this institution, both at the federal, regional level, as well as at the European and international level, has certain health assignments, in particular scientific research and risk assessment; Categories of data, both personal data and non-identifiable data, which may be processed by monigital contact detection application; • It emphasizes the possibility for a user of a digital contact detection application to keep control over his data and to remove data • It emphasizes it; the need for transparency information to the user of a digital contact detection application; • The determined retention periods that apply to the collected data; • It guarantees that data is collected a separate log list or database and is not crossed with other data benches; the processing of the collected data for other purposes; • imposes it on technical and organizational requirements for the controller in order to ensure that the data collected is protected against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against unintentional loss, destruction or damage; to ensure that no more data is collected as soon as the end of the condition of the Coronavirus COVID-19 epidemic is declared. The Algemeen Service is stressed that the personal data is processed in accordance with the General Data Protection Law Regulation on the basis of this Decree and in no way on the basis of The permission of the person concerned. of the contact tracking. The king may be adopted in a decision after consultation in the ministerial traads in the interministerial Public Health Conference, the further rules that are required for the implementation of this decision. I have the honor to be, SIRE, Van Your Majesteit, this respectful and very faithful servant, the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health, the Block26 June 2020. - Royal Decree no. 44 on the joint processing by Sciensano and the contact centers, health inspections and mobile teams by the competent regional authorities or by the competent agencies and mobile teams framework of a contact investigation by persons who are (presumably) infected with the Coronavirus Covid-19 on the basis of a database bij Sciensanofilip, King of the Belgians, to all who are now and will hereinafter refer to our regulation (EC) No. 2016 /679 of the European Parliament and the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons in connection with the processing of personal data on the free movement of that data; in view of the special law of 8 August1980 for the reform of the institutions, articles 5, § 1, i and 6bis, § 2, 1 ° and 2 ° and 92bis; The fact that the federal government is not exclusive of crisis policy when an (acute) pandemic requires urgent measures. The federal government, the communities and regions are the boundaries of their own powers. On the basis of this, the Federal Government is also authorized for the coordination and management of a crisis situation with regard to a pandemic. Entertainment that the federal government and the federal states, each within the limits of their own material powershave the authority to take measures on the fight against a crisis animal to public health. Happet on the decree of the Flemish Parliament of 21 November2003 on the preventive health policy; in view of the decree of the German -speaking community of 1 June 2004 on the health promotion and with regard to medical prevention; in view of the ordinance of 19 July 2007 on the preventive health policy; in view of the Act of 10 April 2014 containing various health provisions and the collaboration agreement between RIZIV and Sciensano concluded in it, given the law of 25 February 2018 to the foundation of Sciensano, Article 4 § 4 and 7 § 2; Having regard to the law of 5 September2018 establishing the Information Safety Committee and to amend various laws on the implementation of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 of the European Parliament and The Council concerning the protection of natural PE RSONEN in connection with the processing of personal data and the relevant free movement of that data and to the withdrawal of Directive 95/46/EC; Having amendment of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health Watpeltreeks the prevention and promotion of health; in view of the decree of the Flemish Parliament of 29 May 2020 to the organization of the reporting obligation and the contact investigation in the COVID-13 framework in view of the decision; of the United College of the Joint Community Commission Fan 23 April 2009 on Prophylaxis against transferable diseases; Having regard to the decision of the Flemish Government of 19 June 2009 on initiatives to prevent the expansion of harmful effects caused by biotic factors; The decision of the Waalssekeering of Special Powers No 35 of 5 May 2020 organizing the contact tracing in the context of the fight against the COVID-19 epidemic; in view of the decision of the Government of the German-speaking Community of 7 May 2020 establishing a contact center that is taxed in the context of the Fight against the health crisis created by the Coronavirus (COVID-19); Given the law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the king for measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus Covid-19 (II), articles 2, 5, §1, 1 ° and 6; Having regard to Royal Decree no. 18 of 4 May 2020 establishing a database bij Sciensano in the context of the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19; No. 25 of 28 May 2020 amending Royal Decree No 18 of May 2020 establishing a database at Sciensano in the context of the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 the Inspector of Finance, given on23 June 2020; Having regard to the agreement finding of the Minister of 25 Juin 2020; having regard to the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, Article 3, § 1; In view of the urgent necessity , who does not allow to wait for the advice of the Legislation of the Council of State, even within a short period of five days, for example because of the fact that it is vital for public health and for avoiding a re -flashing of Covid 19 epidemic, which sciensano has a database that allows you to detect and contact the contacts of infection persons; framework of the COVID-19 Health crisis and to continue a further distribution of the Covid-19S disease, the National Security Council, in which in addition to the representative Igers of the federal government look representatives of the federal states were charged to take coordinated measures in order to limit the further distribution of COVID-19; be infected with COVID-19 or of which there is a serious suspicion that they are infected with COVID-19, as well as the detection of the collectivities that these persons are part of, so that these persons can be given the necessary recommendations to prevent them from other people contamination with COVID-19, such as leaving hygiene and prevention guidelines, proparantine proposals and inviting to be tested on COVID-19;taking into account the material powers of each entity (Doc. Senate, no. 5-2232/5); predominantly the communities set up in the context of their competence on preventive health care Call Centershebben to carry out this contact examination and that there can be recommendations given that they infect other persons; The communities are considered that defederal government has powers that make it possible to organize the processing of data in the context of the fight against the distribution of COVID-19. In that sense, she can set up a database in the case of its powers and, on the basis of its residual competence, impose the field of medicine in the health care professionals in the health care obligation to enter the required data in that database, as if An exception to the professional secrecy. Moreover, it can grant the communities access to such a database without obligation, as is already the case for other federal databases such as the Crossroads Bank of Social Security; on the nomination of the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health and on the advice of our ministers in council meetings, We have decided and decide: Chapter I. - Algeneemepaling article 1. § 1. For the purposes of this Decree, it means: 1 ° General Data Protection Regulation: Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Deraad of 27 April 2016 concerning the protection of natural persons in connection with the processing of personal data and on the free movement of that data and to withdrawal of directive95/46/EC; 2 ° clusters: a concentration of persons infected or possibly infected with the coronaviruscovid-13 in collectivities or Communities; 3 ° Collectivity: a community of persons with regard to what De Vaare GDE health inspections judge that there is an increased risk of the spread the Coronavirus COVID-19; 4 ° Contact Center: by the competent regional governments or by the competent agencies that the person concerned contacts the person concerned via each possibility of communication, including telephone, by e-mail or e-mail physical visit within the framework for the purposes as determined in Article 3, § 2 and which subsequently divides the collected data with the database I; 5 ° database I: the database bij sciensano to be established by means of this decision for the processing and exchange of data for the processing purposes provisions in article 3; 6 ° Database II: the existing database at Sciensano, used for scientific research and established by law of 10 April 2014 containing various provisions regarding health and the implementation of it concluded cooperation agreement between RIZIV and Sciensano and the Act of 25FeBruari 2018 establishing Sciensano; 7 ° Database III: the database with Belorderen Orders for the employees of the contact center in accordance with what stated in Article 10, §1; 8 ° Database IV: the database with contact details of collectivities; 9 ° Database V: the central log list that allows operation of operation of the digital contact investigation applications described in Article 14 to run in a controlled manner and which is held separately with sciensano separately of Database I and II; 10 ° INSZ number: the identification number referred to in article 8, § 1, 1 ° or 2 °, of the Act of January 15, 1990 establishing and organizational bench of social security; 11 ° mobile teams: employees of the COVID-Outbreaksupport team organized by the health inspections taken on the spot in the case of a cluster; 12 ° Persons I: the persons For whom the doctor has prescribed a Coronavirus COVID-19 Test; 13 ° Persons Category II: The persons with whom ee n Test on the coronaviruscovid-19 has been carried out; 14 ° persons Category III: the persons whose doctor has serious suspicions that they are infected with the Coronavirus COVID-19Without a test on the Coronaviruscovid-19 has been conducted or prescribed or where the test on the Coronavirus Covid-19 showed that Zeniet were infected; 15 ° persons Category IV: The persons with whom (i) the persons categoryii insofar as the Coronavirus Covid -19 tested that they are infected and (ii) the persons category III; have been in contact and this for a period of fourteen days before and after the first sign of infection with the Coronavirus COVID-19 in which a certain appreciation margin on the basis of scientific insights can be taken into account; 16 ° persons Category V: the treating doctors of the persons categories I, II, and III; 17 ° Persons Category VI: the reference doctor - or in the absence of a reference doctor at the relevant collectivity - the administrative responsibility collectivities with which the persons I, II and III for a period of fourteen days before and fourteen days after the first symptoms of the B Esminning with the Coronavirus COVID-19 in which a certain appreciation margin may be taken into account on the basis of scientific insights has been taken in contact; 18 ° pseudonymization or pseudonymized data: the processing of person data in such a way that the personal data can no longer be linked to a specific person concerned without it Additional data is used, provided that these additional data are stored separately and technical and organizational measures are taken to ensure that the person data is not linked to an identified or identifiable natural person, as stated in Article 4, 5) of the General Data Protection Regulation; 19 ° field researchers: employees of the contact centers who can make physical visits in the context of the contact study; 20 ° hospital: care institution as referred to in the coordinated law of 10 July 2008 on hospitals and other careinr ichtening, as well as rehabilitation commercials; 21 ° care provider: a health care practitioner as referred to in the Cörininated Act of 10 May 2015 on the exercise of the health care professions the law of 29 April 1999 on the non-conventional practices regarding medicine, the doctors, nursing, the kinesi therapy, de and the paramedical professions; § 2. This Stektertoe Decree: 1 ° within the framework of the manual contact investigation and the use of mobile teams: A.De Datatankank I to set up in which data is processed in the context of conducting contact research; b. Exchange data between the Database I and the Database III and IV in support of the contact centers designated by the competent regional authorities or by the competent agencies (including field researchers) and the establishment of these databases c. Data in between the Database I and the health inspection services as well as with the mobile teams; D.Autbraken of COVID-19 and clusters to identify and detect it. Measures for Spekkke Treffen for the dike of COVID-19 outbreaks and clusters; f. to provide advice to Personalie with the Coronavirus Covid-19 are infected, for which a doctor has a serious suspicion or for which there is a great risk that this is the case with a view to breaking the Coronavirus Covid-19; persons to whom advice has been granted to continue to follow; and the functions of the existing epidemiological monitoring by continuing to guarantee Sciensano.2 ° to set up a frame in order to make the digital contact examination possible by using a digital contact investigation application; 3 ° research institutions and administrations, including sciensano, to carry out scientific or statistical studies on the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 and/or to support the policy in this area, through the exchange of the data between Database I and Database II. § 3. Subject to the provisions, this Decree does not affect the applicable contact investigations for the detection of infectious infectious diseases in the context of material powers with regard to healthcare. § 4. The King may be adopted by a decision after consultation in the Council of Ministers and in the Interministerial Public Health Conference, the Further Rules Rulping are required for the implementation of this Decree. § 5. Contrary to Article 458 of the Criminal Code, the health care providers have been relieved of their duty of confidentiality from Hoofdevan this decision. In deviation from Article 458 of the Criminal Code, the contacted persons of confidentiality under this Decree. 2. § 1. Ineindede Objectives determined in Article 1, § 2 to be achieved is established within Sciensano Databasi in whichThe categories of data as described in Article 6 in the context of the processing purposes as described in Article 3 are processed. This data is communicated by the authority servants or on behalf of the authorized persons of the hospitals, and the laboratories, as well as the doctors and the employees of the contact center, the health inspection services and the mobile teams. § 2. The database i is established without prejudice to the existing database bankii. For the achievement of the objective under Article 1, § 2, 1 °, h and 3 °, data from Database I will be pseudonimized before being included in database in accordance with the provisions of Articles 9 and 10. § 3. In order to achieve the objectives determined in Article 1, § 2, 1 °, B, E, F and G, in addition to the Database I, the following temporary data benches are also established between the categories of data determined in Article6 will be exchanged, although only for the processing purposes specified in Article 3 in accordance with what is determined in Article 10: 1 ° Database III; 2 ° Database IV.§ 4. Sciensano is the controller of the Databases I and II. §5. The competent regional authorities or the agencies designated by the competent authorities act as a controller for the Database III and IV with regard to the personal data collected and used by the competent regional authorities or by the competent contact centers and taking appropriate measures Persons stipulated in Article4 of the information and Article 34 of the General Data Protection Regulation referred to in Articles 13 and 14 of the General Data Protection Regulation and the Communication Regulation in connection with the processing for the processing purposes determined in Article 3, §2 In a concise, transparent, understandable and easily accessible form and in clear and simple language. Chapter II. - Processing purposes. 3. §1. The processing of the personal data in the Database I aims at the following processing purposes: 1 ° the posting of the Database I to the competent contact center (including field researchers) of the categories of personal data of (i) persons Category in Article 7, § 2, for As far as the Coronavirus COVID-19 Test showed that they are infected and (ii) persons category III; through exchange on Database III, for contacting the persons referred to in this paragraph, through any possible way of communication, including by telephone, by e-e-e-e-e Mail or via physical visit, possibly give recommendations, but especially to ask them to provide information, such as contact details, risk of contamination of the contact and date of the contact, about the persons with whom side contact has had; 2 ° A. de posting the Data Bank I, to the competent contact center of the categories of personal data in Article 7, § 3, by means of Exchange the Database III, for contacting the persons category IV, through any possible way of communication, including by telephone, by e-mail or via physical visit, to provide them with hygiene and prevention guidelines, among other things to be tested to be tested the Coronavirus Covid-19, as well as the further follow-up thereof; b. the posting the Datatzank I, to the competent contact center of the categories of personal data in Article 7, § 4, by means of exchange to the Database III, for contacting the Personal categories V and VI, through any possible way of communication, including by telephone, By e-mail of the collectivity, to inform them about the (suspected) infection of (i) DEMONEN Category II insofar as the COVID-19 Coronavirus test shows that they were infected, and (ii) persons category III; 3; 3 ° the provision of the categories of personal data of Persons I, II and III, by the Database I, to the authority -to -do teams and health inspection services of the Communities, referred to in the Flemish Parliament of 21 November 2003 on the Database I, and III. Preventive health policy, the decree of the parliament of the German -speaking community of 1 June 2004 BE striking the health promotion and with regard to medical prevention and its implementing decisions, the ordinance of the United Meeting of the Commission Committee of 19 July 2007 on the preventive health policy, the Decree of the Walloon Parliament of 2 May 2019 amending the Walloon Social Action and Health prevention and promotion of healthThe decision of the United College of the Joint Community Committee of 23 April 2009 on the prophylaxis against transfer areas, the decision of the Flemish Government of 19 June 2009 on initiatives to prevent harmful effects caused by biotic factors, in the context of initiatives to extend harmful effects caused by infectious diseases, go against, each within their competence always in accordance with Article 10, § 2, for the performance of their regulatory assignments; 4 ° the provision of pseudonimized, personal data falls under the categories of personal data as set out under Article 6 of persons categoriesi up to and including V in accordance with what is determined in Article 10 to the already existing database of Sciensanoopgericht by law of 10 April 2014 containing various health provisions and the Collaborationsovation concluded in implementation. Erbiking between RIZIV and Sciensano to make the pseudonymizing data stated in this paragraph available after anonymization, or at least pseudonymization in case dataonimization would not allow the research institutions to their scientific or statistical studies, including the research institutions, including the research institutions, including the research institutions, including the research institutions, including the research institutions, foreseeable procedure end The research institutions to be able to make scientific or statistical studies on the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 and/or to support the policy in this area after pseudonimization in accordance with Title 4 of the law of 30 July 2018 relevant protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data.§ 2. The contact center eyes indicated by the competent regional authorities or by the competent agencies, insofar as they are competent and in accordance with Article 10, § 1: 1 ° the in Article 7, §2 determination LDE categories of personal data of (i) the persons category II insofar as the Coronaviruscovid-19 test showed that they are infected and (ii) of the persons category III process to contact the persons referred to in DITLID through any possible way of communication, including by telephone, by e-mail or via physical visit, to possibly give them recommendations, but especially to ask them information, such as contact details, risk of infection of the contact and date of the contact, troubled by the persons with whom they have had contact; 2 ° A. The categories of personal data in Article 7, §3, to contact the persons category IV, possible through the Possible way of communication, including by telephone, by e-mail or via physical visit, to them under other hygiene and prevention guidelines to be provided, to propose quarantine or invite to be tested for the Coronavirus COVID-19, as well as the further follow-up thereof; b. dein Article 7, § 4, process certain categories of personal data for contacting the persons V and VI, through any possible way of communication, including telephone, Pere-mail or via visit to the collectivity, to inform them about the (suspected ) infection of the persons category II insofar as the COVID-19 Coronavirus test showed that they have been infected, and the persons category III; § 3. The competent mobile teams and health inspection services of the communities, referred to in the Decree of the Flemish Parliament of 21 November 2003 on the preventive health policy, the decree of the German -speaking community of 1 June 2004 on health promotion and on medical prevention and its medical prevention Implementation decisions, the ordinance of 19 July 2007 on preventive health policy, the decree of 2 May2019 amending the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health with regard to the prevention and promotion of health, the decision of the United College of the Community Community Commission 23 April 2009 on prophylaxis against transferable diseases, the decision of the Flemish government of 19 June 2009 on initiatives to prevent the expansion of harmful effects caused by biotic factors, in the context of initiatives to expand SCHA effective effects caused by infectious diseases may, each within their competence atmosphere in accordance with Article 10, § 2, may process the categories of personal data of Persons I, II and III in Article 6, to fulfill their regulatory assignments.§ 4 . The data collected under this Decree may not be used for the objectives of this article, in particular, but not exclusively police, commercial, taxcriminal or state security associated with objectives. Chapter III. -S whose personal data is processed in the context of current decision art. 4. for the processing purposes determined in Article 3, the categories of personal data will be determined in the articles 6, 7, 8 and 9, of this Decree, of the following persons, 1 ° DEMENERS Category I; 2 ° the persons II; 3; 3; 3; 3; ° the persons category III; 4 ° the persons category IV; 5 ° the persons category V; 6 ° the persons category VI. - Categories of personal data that are collected in the context of current decision art.5. The personal data collected and processed within the framework of this Decree are processed in accordance with the regulations on the protection in the processing of personal data, in particular the common data protection regulation and the law of 30 July 2018 on the protection of natural persons with regard to processing of personal data.art. 6. § 1. A mandatory reporting for the persons as referred to in the Decree of the Flemish Parliament of 21 November 2003 on the preventive health policy, the Decree of 2 May 2019 amending the Walloon Code of VANSOCIAL ACTION AND HEALTH with regard to prevention and promotion of Health, the ordinance fan 19 July 2007 on the preventive health policy and the decision of the United Collegean the common community committee of 23 April 2009 on prophylaxis against transfer areas, and the decree of the parliament of the German-speaking community of 1 June 2004 health promotion and with regard to medical prevention and its implementing decisions, is in derogation from these regulations to the Database I. A mandatory report of the persons categoryi whose doctor has no suspicion of being infected with COVID-19 and of the persons category in which the test showed that that there is no infection e n what is not disputed by the doctor is done in the framework of this partnership to the Database I. § 2. The Datonsbanki contains, insofar as available, the following categories of personal data of the persons category for the purposes determined in Article 3, § 1: 1 ° the INSZ number; 2 ° the name and first name; 3 ° the gender; 4 ° the date of birth and, where appropriate, the date of death; 5 ° the address; 6 ° contact details, including telephone numbering e-number e-mail address of the person concerned and the legal representative, and the designation of the relationship of these persons to the person concerned (parent, guardian, general practitioner, ...); 7 ° date of the start of symptoms; 8 ° the RIZIV number of the presistor of the test on the Coronavirus COVID-19; 9 ° Data with regard to the prescribed test on the Coronavirus COVID-19, including ded date and the type of prescribed test on the Coronavirus COVID-19; 10 ° the indication of the HalDal then exercise the Profession of Z Orgvlier; 11 ° the hospital department, the identification numbering location data of the hospital, if the person concerned is hospitalized; 12 ° possibly the result of the CT scan, if the person concerned is hospitalized; 13 ° the possible collectivity of the person concerned or is in contact with it if the identification number of the National Register referred to in Article 8, § 1, 1 °, of the Law of 15 January 1990 is available and organization of an intersection bank of social security, the name date, the date of birth, gender and the Address collected from the National Register or from the Kruispuntbank Registers intended in Article 4 of the Law of 15 January 1990 establishing and organization of a Crossroads Bank of Social Security. § 3. The database I contains, insofar as available, the following categories of personal data of the persons category II: 1 ° The data referred to in §2; 2 ° the date, result, steel number and type of the test on the COVID-13 Coronavirus 3 ° the RIZIV number of the lab carried out by the test; 4 ° in the event of a test result-on land that could not be contaminated, the possible decision to overrulring from here a doctor; 5 ° in the event of a test result on the basis of which No infection could be stamped, the RIZIV number of the doctor who took overruing decision. The person data referred to in 1 °, 2 ° and 3 °, are communicated to Sciensano by the following information providers: the persons authorized to do so or on behalf of the authorized persons from the laboratory, the hospital or other healthcare institution or care provider who carried out the test. The data meant in, 4 ° and 5 °, are communicated to Sciensano by the doctor who has taken the decision to overrul.the following categories of personal data of the persons category III: 1 ° the INSZ number; 2 ° the name and first name; 3 ° the gender; 4 ° the date of birth and, where appropriate, the date of death; 5 ° the address; 6 ° the Contact details, including the telephone number and e-mail address of Debetokke and of the person to be contacted in an emergency, and the designation of the relationship of these persons to the person concerned (parents, guardian, general practitioner, ...); 7 ° the suspected diagnosevan infection with the Coronavirus COVID-19; 8 ° the RIZIV number of the doctor who formulates the serious suspicion; 9 ° the indication of the whether the profession of care provider whether the profession of care provider of the person concerned of which the person concerned is part of that matters or has come into contact; 11 ° date of the start of symptoms; 12 ° the data necessary for the contact center to put use of use with the person concerned, including postcode and language. These data are being used to sciensano by the AR TS who has a serious suspicion that the persons category III are infected with the Coronavirus Covid-19. If the identification number of the National Register in Article 8, § 1, 1 °, of the law of 15 January 1990 is established and organization of a Crossroads Bank of Social Security, the name and first name, the date of birth, gender and address will become Retrieved from the National Register or the Kruispuntbank Registers referred to in Article4 of the Act of 15 January 1990 establishing and organization of an intersection bank of social security. § 5. The database I contains, insofar as available, the following personal data of the persons category IV (and where applicable: of the persons category II, insofar as the Coronaviruscovid-19 test showed that they are infected and (ii) persons category III ) communicated by the contact centers to Sciensano indicated by the authorized authorities or by the competent agencies: 1 ° the INSZ number; 2 ° the name and first name; 3 ° the gender; 4 ° the date of birth, where appropriate the date of death; 5; ° the address; 6 ° the contact details, including the telephone number and the e-mail address; 7 ° the data required for the contact center to make further useful contact with the person referred to in this section and the list with persons with whom the person referred to in this Section has recently had contact, including Vanpostcode and Language and the estimated risk of infection of the person referred to in this section; 8 ° list of collectivities of which the person meant d in this section part of it or has come into contact with, the data of which is communicated by the Database IV; 9 ° the relevant criteria for estimation for high or low infection risk and giving advice, including of the eventual symptoms, time of starting symptoms, type of prescribed test, doctor's visit, registration do any refusal to doctor's visit; 10 ° the relevant data communicated to the contact center by the person referred to in this section with regard to the movements, and follow-up of insulation and hygiene measures; 11 ° the parent fact that there has been a contact between the person IV and persons category I, III, including the part of the household of the person category IV.12 ° the answer to the demand designation or the persons II, As far as the Coronavirus Covid-19 test showed that they are infected; (ii) persons category III; or (iii) the persons category IV; Making use of a digital contact detection application or not. § 6. The database I contains the following additional data (i) of the persons category II, insofar as the Coronavirus COVID-19 Test showed that they are infected persons category III and IV collected and supplied by the competent contact centers: all data that is necessary for the organization and follow -up of the contact with the person concerned by the employees of the Contact Center, such as the language of the person concerned, the contact status of the person concerned, the ticket numbers of the contact recordings or the attempts to contact you, the types of contact names, the time of the Tickets, the time and the duration of the contact, the result of the contact. §7. The database I contains the following additional data of the persons belonging to a cluster, collected and supplied by the competent mobile teams or health inspection services: all data that is necessary for the organization and follow -up of contact with the person concerned of the clusterer employees of the contact center Including the language of the person concerned, the contact status of the person concerned, the ticket numbers of the contact shots or the attempts to contact Names, the species contacts, the time of the tickets, the time and duration of the contactnameThe result of the contactname.art. 7. § 1. The Database III contains the categories of personal data that are communicated by Sciensano from the Database I to the contact center for the purposes determined by the competent regional authorities or by the competent agencies as determined in Article3, § 1, 1 ° and 2 ° . § 2. The Database III contains the following categories of personal data of (i) The persons category II insofar as the Coronavirus COVID-19 Test showed that these persons infectious and (ii) the persons category III: 1 ° the INSZ number; 2 ° the name and the first name; 3 ° the gender; 4 ° the date of birth; 5 ° the contact details, including the address, telephone number and e-mail address and the persons to be contacted in an emergency; 6 ° the needless for the contact center to use useful to make contact with the person concerned, including Vanpostcode and Language; 7 ° the indication that the person must be called as (presumably) infected person to detect his contacts; 8 ° if applicable, the test result and the date of the test; ° the ticket number, date, time and result of the contact recording.§ 3. The Database III contains the following categories of personal data of persons Categoryiv: 1 ° the INSZ number; 2 ° the name and first name; 4 The gender; ° the date of birth E n, where appropriate the date of death; 5 ° the address; 6 ° decontact data, including the telephone number and the e-mail address; 7 ° the data necessary for the contact center to make further useful contact with the person referred to in this paragraph and the list with persons with whom the person referred to in this section has recently contact, including postcode and language and the estimated risk of infection of the person referred to in this section; 8 ° list of collectivities of which the person referred to in this section is part or came into contact with , of which the data is communicated by the data bank IV; 9 ° the relevant criteria for high or low infection risks and giving advice, including of an indevent symptoms, time of starting symptoms, type of prescribed test, doctor's visit, registration fan any refusal to doctor's visit 10 ° the data DO DO or the person referred to in this section with regard to the movements, symptoms, and follow-up of isolation, prevention and hygiene measures; 11 ° the mere fact that there has been a contact between, and including the part of the household of, De Person Category IV and (I) On the one hand the Persons II as far as the Coronavirus COVID-19 Test sophistications are infected and (II) on the other hand the Persons III. §4. The database I contains the following categories of data category VI: 1 ° name, type, contact details of the collectivity; 2 ° contact information of reference doctors/or responsible for the collectivity, including name, first name and telephone number.art.8 . The database IV contains the following categories of personal data VI Category for the purposes as determined in Article 3, § 1, 2 °, B: 1 ° identification number out of authentic source and internal identification number; 2 ° name, type, address, number As displayed in the Kruispuntbank of the Enterprises, of the collectivity of which the person is a part or has come into contact with; 3 ° contact information of reference doctor and/or responsible for the collectivity, including name, first name and telephone number. 9. § 1. The database II is filled with the personal data listed in Article 6 of the persons categories I, II and III, do not after pseudonymization, and this exclusively for the purposes determined in Article 1, §2, 1 °, g , Article 1, § 2, 3 ° and Article 3, § 1, 4 °. In particular, it concerns the following categories of personal data: 1 ° a unique number that does not allow the person to identify the year of birth and, where appropriate, the year and month of death; 3 ° the gender; 4 ° the postcode; 5; ° the RIZIV number of the presistor of the test on the Coronavirus COVID-19; 6 ° the type, date, sample number and the result of a test or the suspected diagnosis in the absence of test; 7 ° the RIZIV number of the lab that has performed the test; 8 ° in case of a negative test result, a possible decision to overrue of this by a doctor; 9 ° in the event of overruing of a negative test result, the RIZIV number of the doctor who has overruling the decision; ° the type and zip code of any collectivity of which the person is a part or has come into contact; 11 ° the result of medical examinationsincluding the result of the CT scan; 12 ° the indication of the whether or not the profession of care provider's profession; 13 ° data communicated to the contact center, including symptoms, date of the first symptoms, travel, follow-up of insulation and hygiene measures; 14 ° the mere fact that there has been a contact between, and including the part of the household of, the person category IV and (i) on the one hand the Persons II insofar as the coronaviruscovid-19 test showed that these persons and (ii) on the other hand the Persons III.§ 2. The Datatzank II, is supplemented with the personal data listed in Article 6 of Depersonies category IV, but only after pseudonymization and this exclusively for the purposes as determined in Article 3, § 1 , 4 °. In particular, it concerns the following personal data: 1 ° Eenunic number that does not allow to identify the person; 2 ° the year of birth and, in accomplishing, the year and month of death; 3 ° the gender; 4 ° symptoms; 5 ° non -contact with vulnerable persons; 6 ° the result and date of the prescribed test; 7 ° exercise the profession of care provider; 8 ° the strictly necessary data met related to the contact recording, including date of ticket and general result of the contact in the form of a code; 9 ° all relevant criteria for estimate for high or low risk; 10 ° postal code of the address. Chapter V. - Access and transfer of personal data art.10. § 1. The contact centers designated by the competent regional governments or by the competent agencies have only access to the categories of personal data of (i) the Persons II of (i) the Persons II within their own atmosphere of competence Coronavirus Covid-19 test showed that they are infected and (ii) the people categories III, IV, V and VI. Access to this personal data is only for the purposes stated in Article 3, § 1, 1 °, and 2 °, Article 3, § 2 and Article 3, § 1, 3 ° in particular the identification of the patient, of The collectivity to which he belongs or with which he is in contact and of the people with whom he came into contact. § 2. The competent mobile teams and the health inspection services of the communities have, within their own competence atmosphere, only for the purposes stated in Article 3, § 1, 3 °, access to the decorations of personal data of the Persons I, II, referred to in Article 6, III and IV and where necessary of the passenger categories V and VI in the Database I, in particular in the context of initiatives to prevent expansion of disadvantable effects caused by infectious diseases. § 3. The person data as communicated and stored in the Database I may be further passed on, after pseudonymization to the Database II exclusively for the purposes as determined in Article 3, § 1, 4 °, in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation and the Act of September 5 ,2018 establishing the information security committee. The personal data as communicated and stored in the Datatzank II, can only be passed on to third parties for the purposes in Article 3, § 1, 4 °, after the deliberation, as referred to in Article 11, by the Social Security and Health of the Informatieheidscommité . Chapter VI. - Authority of the information security committee. 11. § 1. Insofar as not included in this Decree, both the communication of personal data to Sciensano for processing in the Database I, and the further notification of that personal data by Sciensano to third parties, always after deliberation the Chamber of Social Security and Health of The Information Safety Committee referred to in the Act of 5 September 2018 establishing the Information Safety Committee and changing various laws in question the implementation of the General Data Protection Regulation. § 2. Without prejudice to the application of § 1, the Chamber provides social security and health of the information security committee exclusively deliberations with regard to the announcements to or by the database I, of Sciensano for the extent that they intend the purposes referred to in Article 3, without the Chamber of Social Security and Health of the Information Safety Committee itself can determine any other purpose. § 3. The Chamber Social Security and Health of the Information Safety Committee can further clarify per processing purposes in Article 3 which specific personal data can be processed within a certain category of personal data and that are communicated to one of the Databas II, III and IV, or those from the Database IV, to the Database I, must be communicatedAs far as the realization of the relevant processing purposes. This authority is implemented in accordance with Article 46 of the Act of 15 January 1990 establishing and organization of a crossroads bank of social security. On the basis of this authority, the Social Security Chamber Health of the Information Safety Committee The Personal Data within the above category of personal data specified in Article6 Determines whether it will add further, Sciensano will make this clearly known on the hair website in accordance with the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation. § 4. In accordance with Article 1, § 4, and without prejudice to the application of §§ 1, 2, and 3, (i) the institutions that may fall under the collectivities may (ii) include the categories of information providers that must include personal data Share sciensano for storage and further processing thereof in the data benches (iii) specified in Article 2, § 1 The categories of personal data that are processed in the data banks referred to in Article 2 is clarified, amended or supplemented by a decision as referred to in Article 1 §4 .Art. 12. § 1. In the context of its powers determined in Article 11, §3, the Chamber of Social Security and Health of the Information Safety Committee determines the Further Control Star Zaede and determines at least the following elements: 1 ° the additional personal data to be requested and under which processing purposes of the personal data processing purposes specified in Article 3 must be requested; 2 ° the identity of the controller; 3 ° under which of the categories of the additional personal data are included in articles 6, 7, 8 and 9, insofar as they are sufficient and relevant and are limited to what necessary for the processing purposes as determined in 1 °; 4 ° the categories of persons who are processed in Article 4 about whom additional personal data are processed; 5 ° the measures to insurance a legitimate and fair processing of the personal data; 6 ° the way in which the persons of whom the person Traditions are processed in knowledge of that processing corresponding decision. § 2. Only for the processing purposes stated in Article 3, access is accessed to the National Register referred to in Article 1 of the Act of 8 August 1983 Regeling a National Register of Natural Persons and the Kruispuntbank Registers referred to in Article 4 of the Act of 15 January 1990 containing establishment and organization of a intersection bank of social security.§ 3. A communication of personal data from other authentic sources to the Database Iveealist a deliberation of the Chamber of Social Security and Health of the Information Safety Committee, insofar as the announcement of this additional personal data is required for the processing purposes determined in Article 3. Chapter VII. - Safety measures. 13. § 1.Sciensano, with regard to data banks I and II, and the competent regional authorities or the agencies designated by the authorities, with regard to data banks III and IV, take appropriate technical measures in accordance with Article 32 of the General Data Protection Regulation to guarantee the risk of security level. § 2. Sciensano, the data benches I and II, and the competent regional authorities or the agencies -designated agencies, with regard to data banks III and IV, will meet the principles of data protection by design and by standard institutions as determined in Article 25 of The Alarm Ordinance Data Protection. Chapter VIII. - Digital investigation applications. § 1. The digital contact detection application to prevent the further distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 is aimed at informing users that they have had a risky contact with another infected user, without the contaminated user being identified by the digital contact detection application, And with the further goal that the informed usered person itself would voluntarily take the necessary steps, based on the recommendations of Sciensano and the competent authorities, to prevent further spread of the COVID-19 Coronavirus. §2. The digital contact detection application is limited to the processing of that information die must allow: 1 ° contacts between the users of the digital contact discharge planning are being captured without the identity of a user being traced; 2 ° when a user falls within the category of ( i) the persons category II insofar as the Coronavirus Covid-19 test showed that this user is infected or (ii) the persons category III; the user the COVID-19BesFetation on a voluntaryAnonymized, at least pseudonymized, can report manner by means of their own active action; 3 ° users of the digital contact detection application are expected if they have been in the vicinity of a user infected with COVID-19 who has reported this in accordance with what has been determined In 2 °. §3. The digital contact investigation application must meet the following minimum conditions: 1 ° The digital contact detection application has been worked out with the reference the Decentralized Privacy-Preserversproximity tracing (DP3T) Protocol; 2 ° The digital contact review application consists of the user application that by the user application is installed and a central log list that allows the operation of the digital contact detection application as described in §2, 2 ° and 3 ° in a controlled manner; 3 ° Sciensano is the controller's log list, as referred to in § 3, 2 ° , which is stored in Datatankank V; 4 ° the digital contact detection application can provide interoperability with other European member states, countries that are part of the European Economic Area or countries that are regarded as an appropriate level of data protection by the European Commission as determined in the General Data Protection Regulation (Adequacy Decree), which also use the protocol stated in the point 1 ° and offer the same or equivalent guarantees to data protection; 5 ° The communication between devices on which the application was installed is only based on data on the basis of which the user does not can be identified; 6 ° The DigitalContactpreciation application allows a user, whose infection has been established with COVID-19 has been determined, to use an authorization code in order to ensure that only validated information and informational accounts can be informed of the controller of the central log list, and thus thus, accidental and incorrect reports of contamination via the digital contact detection application in terms of; 7 ° the digital contact detection application ensures that only the fact of infection, as well as the date on which the user has probably become contagious, are communicated to the blast Responsible for the central log list, and this in a way that the identity of the user cannot be obsolete; 8 ° The digital contact detection application allows users to use the digital contact investigation application on their device, temporarily or not, to switch off, and the digital contact investigation applications at any time are deactivated by the user, whereby it is guaranteed that the installation of the digital contact detection application is not more difficult than its installation; 9 ° The central log list in Database V can be deactivated at any time, and the processing of data for all Users, whether or not temporarily, can be stopped, by a decision as referred to in Article 1 § 4.; 10 ° The central log list in Database V is in any case deactivatedzodra determines by a decision as referred to in Article 1 § 4 that it is not more needed to manage the termination of the exitstr Ategie; The central log list is deactivated at the latest after 1 year, unless a decision as referred to in Article 1 § 4 is necessary that an extension of this period is necessary; 11 ° The user must be able to report a voluntary establishment of contamination via the Digital contact investigation applications The central log list, without the identity of the user being able to be obsolete and whereby whereby where to allow a user to allow himself to authentize, if it wishes to pass on if possible are kept outside the contact investigation application, and in any case Never be passed on to the central log list, and immediately after a successful authentication are removed from the contact detection application; 12 ° no geolocation data is used or processed on single manier in the digital contact detection application.13 ° when a user receives a notification of E And contact with an infected user, then pendulum details are communicated that would allow the infected user to identify; 14 ° the full source codeIn particular, the application layer that ensures that the data transmitted to Degatensbank V and where the individual cannot be identified as well as the interface of the digital contact detection application is made public; § 4. The digital contact detection application transfers the principles contained in Article 5 of the General Data Protection Regulation. Singal data that is necessary to be able to confirm a COVID-19 BE-user and to inform users of the digital contact detection application that they are for a certain have found time in the proximity of a person infected with COVID-19, can be processed. These categories are exhaustively listed in this Decree or, if necessary in the decisions referred to in Article 1 §4. § 5. Installing, using and de-installing the digital contact detection application by a user is only done on a voluntary basis. Then do not install it, whether or not to use the mobile application of the digital contact investigation application cannot give rise to any civil or controlled measure, to any discriminatory act or to any advantage or disadvantage.§ 6. All data related to contacts between users, stored on the user's device, will be deleted at the latest three weeks after they have been generated In the final equipment of the user of a digital contact detection application. Data that ends up in the central log list may no longer be used by the user's end equipment. The information stored in the log list must be deleted at the latest three weeks after it was included in the log list. DEDATA linked to the voluntary passing on a COVID-19 established infection and the data that is used for authentication of the infected person, insofar as this information is information In application of § 2, 2 °, it must be immediately deleted on the device of the user needs, they were entered in the contact investigation application. § 7. Neither the contact detection application, nor the data processed with it, may be used for other objectives, but not exclusively, but not just police, commercial, criminal, or state security -bound objectives. Conditions determined in Title 4 of the Law of 30 July 2018 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data with a view to archiving the public interest, scientific or historical research or statistical purposes referred to inart. 89, §§ 2 and 3 of the General Data Protection Regulation. §8. In implementation of Articles 35 and 36 of the General Data Protection Regulation, a data protection effect assessment is drawn up and published. § 9. The further effect of the contact detection application and the useful data processing is regulated in that context as referred to in Article 1 § 4, without that it can be detracted from the provisions of this article. This executive decision contains at least: 1 ° a description of the investigation system, in particular to ensure that the risks limited by the DP3T protocol 2 ° a clear description of the processing arising from the use of the contact detection application and a clear definition of important concepts such as risk contact, authorization code, secured key and non-personalized temporary serial number; 3 ° the technical specifications that the contact investigation application will have to meet; 4 ° the necessary specifications to provide interoperability with other European member states, countries of the European Economic Area or countries that are regarded as a country with an appropriate protection level regarding data protection by the European Commission as determined in the General Regulation. NS protection (adequacy decision), which also offer the protocol customs stated in the point 1 ° and the same or equivalent guarantees to data protection; 5 ° the specific regions to limit the risk of re-identification based on the authentization of the infected user; 6 ° the manner on which the parties involved are informed about the operation of the contact detection applications the exchange of data they generate; 7 ° the procedure for checking the proper operation of the contact detection application. Chapter IX. - Storage period. 15.§ 1. Subject to the provisions of § 2the personal data from the Datatanbanki will be deleted at the latest 60 days after it is saved. The personal data from the database III is deleted daily. The personal data from the Database IV is either erased every 10 years. The data stored in the database V is deleted at the latest after 3 weeks, in conforming stated in Article 14, § 6. The personal data received, with the exception of Vandeze from Databases IV and V, will in any case be deleted by the controller on 20 October 2020. § 2. The pseudonymized personal data as determined in Article10, § 3, which are transmitted for the processing purposes as stipulated in Article 3, §1, 4 °, will be deleted in accordance with the law of 10 April 2014 containing various provisions of health and the Collaboration Agreement concluded in implementation between RIZIV and Sciensano. - Transparency and rights of stakeholders. 16. § 1. Sciensano, as Controller's Responsible Van de Data Banks I and II, takes appropriate measures to ensure the information referred to in Articles 13s 14 of the General Data Protection Regulation and the data protection Regulation The aforementioned communication in connection with the processing for the purposes stipulated in Article 3 in a concise, transparent, understandable easily accessible form and in clear and simple language. § 2. Sciensano creates and maintains a website for which adequate information is published for the benefit of the persons referred to in Article 4 in accordance with Article 14 of the General Regulation Data Protections, the contact details of the Data Protection Officer. §3. Sciensano maintains and manages a system for the exercise of the rights determined in Articles 15 to22 and Article 34 of the General Data Protection Regulation. §4. Sciensano, the competent regional governments and agencies designated by the competent regional authorities, each transparently determine their respective responsibilities within their competence atmosphere, in particular with regard to the exercise of the rights of the person concerned and the provision of information. that contains the modalities of a processing agreement and an agreement for the sharing of personal data, in which the respective roles and relationships of the joint processing managers are determined towards those involved .Art. 17. This decision enters into force on 1 July 2020 and keeps effect on the day on which a collaborative agreement between the Federal State, the Flemish Community, the Walloon Region, the German -speaking Community and the Uniform Community Commission, concerning the joint data processing by Sciensanoen the by the competent regional governments or contact centers, health inspections and mobile teams designated by the competent agencies in the context of a contact survey among persons who are (presumably) infected with the Coronavirus COVID-19 on the basis of a data sofa at Sciensano. on October 15, 2020.Art. 18. The Minister for Social Affairs and Public Health is charged with the implementation of this Decree. Given Tebrussel, 26 June 2020.Filip of Koningswege: the Minister of Social Health, Public Health, m. De BlockPublication: 2020-06-29NUMAC: 2020041950Federal Public Service Public Health, Safety of the Food Chain and Leefmilieu26 June 2020.-Royal Decree No. 44 concerning the joint data processing by Sciensano and the contacts and the competent agencies or by the competent agencies and contacts and the competent agencies and Mobile teams in the context of a contact survey among persons who are (presumably) infected with the Coronavirus COVID-19 on the basis of a database at Sciensanoverlagaan de Koningsire, in the context of the COVID-19 Health crisis in Belgium, the Royal Decree no. 18 A database was established from 4 May 2020 at Sciensano, the Belgian Institute of Public Health. This contains specific data, necessary for the detection and contact of deprocated persons, for the realization of scientific, statistical and/or policy support investigations and for the completion of the assignments of the health inspection services of the Communities Regions in the context of initiatives to expand harmful effects , caused by infectious diseases, to prevent the Royal Decree no. 18 of 4 May 2020, however, held effect on 4 June 2020. Since it was great for achieving the aforementioned purposes that the database was also after that date (temporarily) if such a could continue to exist, the Royal Decree no. 25 was approved to maintain it until 30 June 2020. In its advisory number. 67,425/3 of 26 May 2020 on a bill `establishing a database at Sciensano in the context of the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 ', the content of which is almost the content of Royal Decree No 18, 18, the legislation of the legislation of State formulates, among other things, following considerations and conclusions: "The detection of COVID-19-BESSFECTIONS (...] to the competence of the communities. That authority also includes the establishment of a regulation for the protection of the protection of the protection of the protection of the protection of protection Natural persons in the processing of Personal Data Dienaar Get Red reason for that investigation are collected. To the extent that the bill submitted for advice provides rules with regard to the processing of that personal data, the community competence in preventive health care is therefore entering. , § 2, of the bill in rules is provided with regard to the assignments and the working method from the contact center that is charged with the detection of COVID-19-Bes making. These rules also belong to the community authority on preventive health care. The processing of the personal data in the database is also done in the context of the federal powers on scientific research [...]. In that respect, the surveillance activities with which Sciensano is taxable is taxed by Article 4 of the Act of 25 February 2018 `establishing Sciensano '. The conclusion therefore that the bill relates to both federal and community powers. In addition, the two aspects in the proposed regulation appear to be closely linked. The bill submitted for advice can only be passed in its current form if it would be formed into a cooperation agreement for which parliamentary approval is required. "The consultation committee of 30 May 2020 then made the following decision:" In the light of the Council of State's advice concerning the bill on tracing and the database, it was decided to conclude a cooperation agreement. "Deinterministerial Conference Public Health worked one Design of the Cooperation Agreement between the Federalestate, the Flemish Community, the Walloon Region, the German -speaking Community and the Common Community Commission, concerning the joint data processing by Sciensano and the authorities or the competent agencies Contact centers indicated, health inspections mobile teams in the context of a contact survey among persons who are (presumably) infected with the coronaviruscovid-19 on the basis of a database at Sciensano. This design was approved by the consultation committee on 25 June 2020 after which the Procedure for the approval was approved Due to the Different Regulations and Parliaments of the Little States, the Royal Decree no. 18 as amended by Royal Decree No. 25 of 28 May 2020, however, holds on to 30 June 2020. Since it is to achieve the aforementioned purposes of large The importance is that the database cook can continue to exist (temporarily) as such after that dateIt is proposed to maintain this 15 October 2020. The period for deleting the personal data is adjusted accordingly (20 October 2020 instead of 5 July 2020). This Royal Decree provides a temporary regulation that takes the advisory account of the advice 67.425/3 t.e.m.67.427/3 and 67.424/3 of the Council of State and No. 42/2020 and 49/2020 of the data protection authority. The present decision is virtually identical to the content of the aforementioned approved design of the cooperation agreement, which is submitted to the Council of State and the Data Protection Authority Sales for advice. Although the World Health Organization (WHO) has the outbreak of the SARS-COV-ONT 2-virus, which causes COVID-19's disease, declared a pandemic. Also Belgia is not spared v An this pandemic. In the context of the COVID-19 Health crisis and to combat a more distribution of the disease, the National Security Council, in which, in addition to the federal government's representatives, representatives of the federal states were taxed in order to take each other in accordance with the further to limit the spread of COVID-19.1. Although general objectives of the contacts of infected persons and encouraging these contacts to take the necessary measures, is crucial to prevent new infections that Devolks health threaten. Contact research and detection can be used in various ways. The most obvious methods are manual and digital contact detection. An of the necessary measures in the manual contact examination is the early detection of person-to-be infected with COVID-19 or of which there is a serious suspicion that they are infected with Covid-19, so that they are infected, so that they are infected, so that they are infected, so that The necessary recommendations can be given to these persons (home isolation, telecommuting, etc.) to prevent them from infecting other people with the SARS-COV-2 virus. Since this forms a task of preventive healthcare, its authority is due to the federal states. Signal contagiousness of the SARS-COV-2 virus, it is also necessary to check with which persons the infected person presumably infected person has been in contact (contact detection ), so that these spends necessary recommendations can also be given (testing, limiting contacts and so on) to prevent a rider distribution of COVID-19. These tasks of contact detection also fall under the manual contact examination. Here too, this forms a task of preventive health care that resorts under the material competence of the federal states. Tracing the COVID-19-BesTingsdan also belongs to the competence of the communities. This authority also includes determining a regulation for the protection of natural persons in the processing of personal data that is collected as a result of that investigation. In order to ensure that the data processing of this manual contact study in the whole of Belgium runs uniform, Sciensano, Belgian Institute for Public Health, was instructed to collect health and contact details of patients from doctors, laboratories and to process in one central database. Central database is necessary, given the mobility of the citizens through the various states. Maintaining a different data banks per state should therefore mean that databases should interact with each other on the moment that such movements occur. In the practical field, this interacting could ensure a delayed effect of the contact centers, where other states should be waited for input. In addition, passing on personal data between different decentralized databases regularly entails a much greater risk of data breaches. Because of this reasons, the advice of the Data Protection Authority to set up decentralized databases, not being finished. With a view to a safer and more efficient policy, this decision aims to first of all provide de -Juridic basis for this central database. This database at Sciensano, which is established by means of this decision (hereinafter "Datatensbank I"), will provide for the exchange of data with the databasesThese are established to support the contact centers designated by the competent regional governments or by the competent agencies. The latter - also centrally -hosted data benches (hereinafter "Databas III and IV") - are also established by means of this decision. TENEWEDEDE Health inspection services and the mobile teams allow the tasks entrusted to them (including the identification and tracing outbreaks of COVID -19 and clusters, the measures taking on the spot, to be able to properly exercise COVID-19 outbreaks and clusters), it is also necessary that an exchange of the data between the Database I and the Health Inspection Services, as well as with the Mobile teams.voorts the functions of the existing epidemiological monitoring binding must be guaranteed. It will therefore be important to enable research institutions, including Sciensano, to carry out scientific or statistical studies in connection with the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 and/or to support the policy in the fight against the coronavirust, through the Exchange of the data between the Database I and the already existing data bank at Sciensano, which is already being used today for scientific research (hereinafter "Datatzank II"). This makes up a task that resorts under the material competence of the Staatdoetzake scientific research. The processing of the personal data in the Database I is also done in the context of the federal powers on scientific research, as shown by Article1, § 2 of this Decree. In that respect, the surveillance activities that Messanensano are taxed with Article 4 of the Act of 25 February 2018 `To establish sciensano'o. ways of contact detection. After all, it is not always possible to remember exactly who one has had contact about a certain period of time, let alone that people would have the contact details of all those people. Therefore, in addition to the Manuelecontact study in this Decree, a framework is provided to enable the digital contact investigation via a digital contact detection application.2. Manual contact investigating the manual contact examination as efficient as possible, the Database I should act as a decentralized database in the fight against the distribution of COVID-19. Sciensano, as a controller, manages the database I that contains personal data that care providers and care -providing institutions are relocated. However, for the objectives set out in this Decree, it will also be necessary that the employees of the contact centers (including the field researchers) and the mobile teams share the data with the Datkensbank I. This with the aim is to organize the most efficient and complete possible contact survey. This database consists of the sciensano founded in 2014 at Sciensano, which will act as receiver in the context of the fight against COVID-19, albeit the collected data from Database I, although after pseudonymization and only to use this data for further scientific and epidemiological research. With the eye on changing data with the regional health inspection services, mobile teams and/or the contact centers indicated by debt agencies from the database I are - as already stated above - two additional in the central database established, in particular Databases IIien IV, for which (i) the Flemish Agency for Care and Health, (II) the Agence Wallonne Pour Une Dequalité, (III) the Ministry of the German Community and (IV) the common community Commission for their respective g be the controller of the Event. This concerns the following two databases: 1. the database with belorders and orders for the employees of the Contact Center (Database III); 2. the database with contact details of collectivities (database IV). A (presumably) infected person contacted by the Contact Centerom to provide information about the persons with whom he has been in contact, the circumstances in which contact have taken place should not specify. A deviation For the following persons for the following persons:- Health care providers;- Persons who have to keep the professional secrecy. In the case of health care providers, these are relieved of their secrecy attitude if they have to feed the database I for the purposes in this Decree, but also on the other hand When the contact center contact them (presumably) infected personTo provide information about the persons with whom they have been in contact. Regarding the other persons who, by virtue of their state or profession, are the holder of secrets entrusted to them, these have also been relieved of their confidentiality obligation when contact center contact them As a (presumably) infected person, to provide information about the persons with whom they have been in contact. These Databas III and IV exchange data in the context of the contact investigation, this with each other and with the database I. with collectivities become communities of Persons intended with regard to the competent health inspection judgments that there is an increased risk of spreading the Coronavirus COVID-19, based on the most recent scientific insights. For example, it may be a hospital, school, asylum center, prison, residential care center, workshop, institution for people with disabilities, childcare, rehabilitation center or a barracks. The institutions that may fall under the term collectivities can, if necessary, be clarified by means of a decision referred to in Article 1 § 4. Processing purposes with regard to the storage and exchange of personal data in the Database (i) at Sciennode Processing purposes of this data collection In the database Ien the subsequent data exchange to the Databas II, III and IV are four -fold.1. The data collection and exchange serve to detect the confirmed infected persons and the persons whom a doctor has a serious suspicion that they are infected and detect and detect and Contacting - Via every way of communication - to be able to give them the necessary recommendations and to be able to follow this passenger person, as well as to provide information about the persons with whom they have contacted. To achieve this processing purposes, there is an exchange of DataSbank I and Datus Ban KII foreseen, where necessary also with the Database IV.2. The data collection and exchange are necessary with a view to contacting the persons with whom the infected or suspected infected persons (hereinafter "index persons") came into contact via each Possible communication, to provide hygiene and prevention guidelines, to give quarantine and/or to invite them to be tested for the Coronavirus COVID-19 and more destroyer follow-up. The contact center will also contact the reference doctor, or in the absence of a reference doctor, the administrative responsible of the collectivity of which the (presumably) infected patient is part of, with a view to informing about the (suspected) infection of the Persoonie is part of the collectivity . For this processing purposes to be realized, Wordter forces an exchange of data between Database I and Datatankank III, where necessary also with the Database IV. The database I must then be fed with the data from the people with which the index persons have come into contact with the relevant contact centers. The data collection and exchange are necessary for both the competent health inspection services of the federal states in the context of their regulatory assignments, as well as the tasks that the mobile teams of the Health Inspectorate will be assigned. Deutonheid Inspection Services are these referred to in the Decree of 21 November 2003 on the preventive health policy (for Flanders), the Decree of 2 May 2019 amending the Waalse Code of Social Action and Health regarding the prevention and promotion of health (for Wallonia) , the ordinance of 19 July 2007 on the preventive health policy and the decision of 23 April 2009 of the United College of the common community committee concerned prophylaxis against transferable diseases (for Brussels) and the decree of the parliament of the German -speaking community of 1 June 2004 on the Health Promotion and with regard to medical prevention and its implementing decisions. The detection and investigations of clusters are also used, where mobile teams are used to detect these persons in collectivities and living communities and thereby certain measures take to this processing purposes to be achieved Wordter An exchange of data between Database I provided with the health inspection services as well as with the mobile teams they have designated, each within their competence atmosphere.4. After all, the data collections are serving to make it available to the Database II with an eye after pseudonymization of the data, scientificallyStatistical and/or policy-supporting research through research institutions, including Sciensano, in the context of the fight against the Coronaviruscovid-19 and Policy on this. To realize this processing purposes, an exchange of Gepseudonymized data is provided between Datatoresk II and Datatoringen of Data. Collection is collected in the context of current decision-made categories of free data that are collected are identification and contact data, test data, regulations, results of CT scans and presumed diagnoses of persons on the one hand and data from the infection persons or persons whose serious suspicion exists Person infected as well as hospitalized patients with a confirmed diagnosis of the coronavirus at the hospitals on the other. A large number of this data is collected by laboratories, triage posts, hospitals and doctors, CRAs (coordinating consultants) in the collectivities (for example, residential care centers, asylum centers and prisons). The suspected diagnosis in the absence of tests only refers to the suspected infection with the CoronavirusScidid only -19. This suspected diagnosis can only be made by the doctor who determines the suspected infection with the Coronavirus COVID-19 on the basis of a medical examination. For the tests, not only the test results are important, but will also be the type of prescribed and/or outdoors test, as well as the date of the test are necessary. On the one hand to determine whether a patient is not infected, and on the other hand to allow researchers to conduct further quality and statism research on testing on COVID-19. An infection with COVID-19 can also be deduced from CT scans results. Collecting this data allows more clarity to obtain the general course of the disease of COVID-19 in an infected patient. With the view of the ducky identification of the persons concerned (being hospitalized patients, infected persons whose serious suspicion exists Being infected) and the mutual linking of the collected data, it is also absolutely necessary to also store the identification number of the social security of the persons involved whose data is incorporated in the database I and to provide general access to the National Register. This also relieves the doctors, hospitals and laboratories make the information available (i.e. the informants), since they only have to provide the data that cannot be found in the National Register. In view of the fact that the HELEEGEZONS Care system in Belgium is based on the use of the National Register number to be able to identify a patient -acting actual, this number is also of necessary importance to process inside manual contact examination, with a view to the correct identification of the index person as well as of DEADEMEN with whom the index person has been in contact. Insofar as this is strictly necessary for the realization of the processing purposes laid down in this Decree, the collected person data will also be linked to personal data from other data benches, such as the Crossroadbank Registers, from which the correct identification data can are achieved, the Cobrha Database with accurate For example, for example, for tax purposes, personal data may be linked to personal data of the Federal Public Service Finance or for the fight against fraud on personal data from other authentic sources). The use of these authentic sources is of fundamental importance to minimize the administrative burden of the informants, cover the data of the data To increase and treat the smooth communication of test results to the care providers that to be able to insure an infected patient. Also to include the RIZIV number of the treating physician in the database I is important. This number is used to prescribe the Diede Test doctor, or to be able to identify the doctor who has taken the decision to overrue. This also applies to the RIZIV number of the laboratory or triage post, Diede has taken the test. In addition, these data must be for statistical purposes, as well as quality improvement of the tests conducted in accordance with Article 5, (1), bof the General Data Protection Regulation without that this can ever lead to any criminal liability for the doctors or labs. To make this possible, the RIZIV number of the doctor or the laboratory must also be processed and saved. infected person or the person whose serious suspicion is that this person has been infected in contact. The collection and processing of the personal data of the persons with whom the infected person or persons whose persons are seriously suspected that these persons are infected, Having been in contact is done on the basis of the detailed scripts of the investigation system of the contact center. Even after the persons with whom the infected person or the person whose serious suspicion is that this person has been infected has already been contacted by the contact centers, the data of these persons are kept with a view to the further follow -up of these persons. With The eyeopic investigation, it is also required to have information about the person ending with a negative result and the people who were infected but no longer are. The first allow useful conclusions to draw the ratio of negative test results Versus -positive test results , the second gives the possibility to draw conclusions about immunity below the population. The data collected by the mobile teams can also be passed on sciensano to be stored in the Database I for further processing and notification of it only for the within this decision certain processing purposes.in di t Decree the categories of the collected personal data, but already with a non-limitative view of the personal data that falls under the category in question to raise the transparency and process the data in this context. This in order to allow the system of the manual contact study in all its facets to evolve with the advancing scientific insight as well as the need to be able to quickly be able to switch in times of this COVID-19 crisis. Access and transfer of Personal data it is of course that the competent regional authorities or the Single Contact Center indicated by the competent agencies will receive data that are necessary for contact detection and insofar as the parties involved fall under the authority of the relevant regional government or competent agency. More in the special feat the Datatankank III the Belorders for the employees of the contact center. This is fed from the central database i only with the data of infected or presumably infected persons only insofar as this data is necessary for the contact examination, such as name, contact data indication that the person must be called as a (presumably) infected person. The results of the contact investigation in turn end up in the Database I. Database IV, contains contact of collectivities that the person concerned is part of, which is exchanged data with databases I and, III and IV. The contact center does not only contact the persons of Wie who of Wie who The doctor has a serious suspicion of infection or with the people where the coronaviruscovid-19 test showed that they are infected, but also with the people with whom they have come in close contact. The contact center reception designated by the competent regional authorities or the competent agencies from the Database I at Sciensano. If it concerns contacts with people in a collectivity with a vulnerable population, the contact center contacts the reference doctor, or in the absence, the administrative responsible of that collectivity for further follow -up of the situation. If it concerns contacts with individuals, then the contact center contacts those individual persons by telephone, then gives them based on the information that they provide appropriate recommendations (staying at home, working at home, being tested, ...) and confirms this recommendation electronic. This electronic shipment only concerns a confirmation of the recommendations given oral. It is also possible that field researchers make physical visits to those involvedwhen telephone or electronic contact is impossible. The mobile teams and the health inspection services of the equipment and territorially competent federal states or the competent agencies have access to the data in the database I insofar as access is made within the processing purposes in this Decree; The access is made in the context of their respective regional powers in the framework of initiatives to expand harmful effects caused by infectious diseases, whereby these initiatives must be limited to initiatives to combat the harmful effects of the Coronavirus COVID-19.de Pseudonymized data that itself in Database II can only be passed on to third parties in the context of scientific or statistical studies regarding the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 and/or Kandet in this area. This transfer is only possible after deliberation by the roomsocial security and health of the information security committee. Power of the Information Safety Committee The Information Safety Committee is an independent body that has the task of granting permission for the communication of personal data in the Social and Health Care Sector, taking into account Vande Stondondoming Vandebeding Vande -Naordetime Vande -Naardbeding Vandebeding Vand de Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vantalization of Vand de Vantalization of Vandeinging Vand de Vantalization of Vand de Vantalization of Vande -to -Vandetime. And to promote the protection of data and information security. Providing the communication of personal data to a deliberation of the information security committee is a rule established by the Federal Act and forms a measure of data protection by design and by standard institutions within the meaning of the General Regulation Data Protection. It is based on Articles 6, § 2 and 9, § 4 of the Data Protection General Ordinance. The deliberations of the information safety committee specify which information security measures are complied with by the actors of a data communication exhibition and is preventively assessed or no more personal data on the Acquiring organization is then necessary to achieve legitimate purposes of the processing. The facts of the Information Safety Committee are binding on the actors of the data exchange. On the other hand, they are aimed at offering the actors of data exchange, so that effective and efficient exchange is not unnecessary impeded by a lack of clarity about the information security measures to be implemented or about the legitimacy of the disclosure of personal data. The deliberations of the information security committee only have Rekkop The (electronic) exchange of data. In his deliberations, the information security committee is bound to the legal provisions regarding the processing purposes of the authorities that receive the data receipt. The deliberations of the Information Safety Committee are only a legal basis that enables a single organ that processes personal data on the basis of legitimate purposes to communicate these personal data to other bodies, in the context of legitimate purposes for which the receiving organ data can be processed. legal basis for the first collection and processing of personal data by the far -reaching agency. The receiving body, on the other hand, must process the personal data on the basis of the legal basis. The Information Safety Committee cannot therefore expand the purpose of the first processing through the far -reaching body, nor can it offer a different legal basis for the processing by the receiving body than that in which is provided for by or pursuant to the law. The information security committee is not a supervisory authority within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation. It is therefore not authorized to supervise compliance, to resolve problems and disputes or to treat complaints. It is indeed the data protection authority for these matters. The Data Protection Authority can at all times compare any deliberation of the information safety committee with higher legal standards and, in the event of non-compliance, the information safety committee requests his deliberation on the points indicated by him.insofar as not yet included in this decision. These deliberations can only be granted for announcements within the processing purposes and for the categories of personal data in this Decree. The Information Safety Committee can therefore in no way itself determine other processing objectives Noch categories of personal data for the announcement of personal data on or through the database of Sciensano. The Information Safety Committee, in particular the Chamber of Social Sea and Health, can only further define the processing purposes in this Decree Personal data within a certain category of personal data can be processed, made accessible and/or to be communicated to one of the Databas II, III, IV or Dievanuit de Data Bank IV to the Database I at Sciensano must be notified, insofar as useful for the realization of the realization of the realization of the realization of the realization of the realization of the realization of the realization of the realization of the relevant processing purposes. The deliberations of the information safety committee are published on the respective websites.Teeinde to allow the system of manual contact research to be evolved in all its facets Methet advancing scientific insight as well as the need to be able to switch crisissnel in times of this COVID-19 (i) The institutions that may fall under the collectivities, (ii) the categories of information providers that require personal data to communicate to SciensanoVoor storage and further processing thereof in the central database and (iii) the categories of personal data in the Databas I, II , III and IV are processed, amended or supplemented by the King by means of a Royal Decree adopted after consultation in the Council of Ministers and in the inter -ministerial conference Public Health The Information Safety Committee will therefore not be able to determine the Collectivities which categories of information providers require personal data to communicate to Sciensano, or which categories of data are processed in the Data Banks I, II, III and IV. These elements must be laid down by means of a royal decision as referred to in Article 1 § 4. However, this does not alter the fact that the information security committee.b.t. Data flows that relate to collectivities, additional information providers and categories of personal data can exercise its powers as described in this Decree. Safety measures of the respective responsible for the processing take the necessary appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a high level of security. This means, among other things, that the Datatankankenzullen meet the principles of data protection through design and by standard settings. Also guarantees that pseudonymizing personal data is done in such a way that the personal data can be more than a specific data subject to be linked without additional data being used, as well as this method of pseudonymizing in accordance with the new definition recorded in the General Data Protection. Personal Data In any case, the personal data from the Central Database (i) will be deleted at the latest 60 days after the storage. This period of 60 days takes into account the most recent developments in the epidemiological examination (eg in the field of tests) that are necessary for a Good follow-up of people to guarantee. The pseudonymizing data that is located in the Database II for scientific research are erased in the laws of 10 April 2014 containing various health provisions and the cooperation agreement between the RIZIV and Sciensano concluded in implementation. The personal data from Datatensbankiii are deleted daily and the personal data in Database IV are either updated every ten years, either. Name at the latest on 20 October 2020. Transparency and Rights of the Development Poor The respectively responsible for the processing, measures are taken to provide the necessary transparency. To be conciseTransparants to be understandable and this at various levels. When contacting the person concerned via the contact center, there is transparent communication with regard to the processing of them the personal data. A website is provided where the person concerned can find all information back in an easy way. Digital contact academy This decision is also provided for a framework Contact research via a digital contact detection application to enable a digital contact detection application can allow citizens to determine themselves whether they have recently been in contact with an infected person. A fundamental requirement to prevent the further distribution of the virus based on digital technologies is the confidence of the citizen in these technologies and the most possible participation of the citizen in these technologies. Its use must therefore be framed with deestangste guarantees and meet the requirements regarding fundamental rights. The application of the Data Protection-by-Design principles of the General Data Protection Regulation must be at the center of the development of a digital contact detection application. The European Data Protection Committee in this area digital contact detection applications that use Bluetooth and Diegedecentralized Working, a method for which also opted in the present decision. When drawing up this Decree, the recommendations of the competent national and international authorities, in particular the European Commission, the European Data Protection and Debelgic Data Protection Authority, was taken into account. U was the decision to install and use a digital contact investigation application only To the citizen. This decision opts for a system from both the installation and the use of a digital contact detection application voluntary issue by the person concerned. In addition, the transmission of a possible established contamination is also left to be passed on. The stimulation of a wide use by the citizens of the same digital contact exploration application, developed in accordance with the Data Protection -By -Design principle, is therefore a measure that is completely in line with the principle laid down in the general Data Protection Regulation states that it must be opted for measures that allow proposed purposes to achieve the most effective way and in a way that is the least invasive in terms of the upright protection of privacy. The framework of the contact detection of the governments, a corresponding end decision to be based on the DP3T System, an open source system that was elaborated by a pan-European group of academics specialized in, among other things, encryption, information security, privacy and epidemiologi e, and that is already used in other European countries. This should ensure that interference in the field of private life is minimized. This Decree does not prevent other data solutions from being worked out within the framework of the private sector or research institutions, as long as they are voluntary, provided for explicit and informed permission and fully satisfied all requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation. From a digital contact detection application, and the fact that the use of the DP3T system minimizes interference in the field of private life, the use of such applications contributes to the correct balance between the right to health and the interference in the field of Privéleven. The DP3T System has been published, and the source code is public so that these independent experts can be verified. In that sense, this therefore meets the recommendation of the GBA in its advice 34/2020 to publish the source code. A digital contact investigation application Basic of DP3T consists of a mobile application that can be voluntarily installed and used by the user, and used, and A central log list. The mobile application registered contacts between users without the identity being traced. The log list allows an user to pass on a determined contamination as well as the suspected time of this infection and through a controlled manner, so that other users can notify if they would have been in contact with the infected user in the period that he/side -bound used to beWithout the identity of the infected user or the other user with which he/she was in contact with it, it can be traced. A digital contact investigation application of the DP3T system only stores fully pseudonymized or anonymous data, on the user's device, in particular secured Keys and temporarily random serial numbers, without reference to the identity of the persons between which the contact has taken place, nor to the place where the contact took place. The approaching time at which the contact has taken place is stored because this is necessary to determine whether the contact has taken place between the start of the infectivity and the determination of the contamination. This decides that Sciensano is the controller of the central log list. Sciensano must monitor the necessary technical and organizational measures to protect the log list, and that the data from the log list is not crossed with other databases. In view of the special experience at Sciensano on data protection when handling health data for scientific research and the implementation of such methods of security and pseudonymization of data, Sciensano seems to be the most appropriate responsible for this processing. The functionalities, modalities and technical conditions For the use of a digital contact investigation application in this decision, it is determined to be able to determine the guarantees of the fundamental rights and freedoms of the citizens, and in particular the protection of the processed information, this. Decision only deals with digital contact investigation applications in the framework of the COVID-19 Epidemie. Other e-health applications, such as applications for triage, self-monitoring, monitoring in the context of a care relationship or applications for remote care, are not arranged by this Decree. Introduction to indemnifying the fundamental rights and in the special protection of personal data DIT Decree determines the legal framework In which a digital contact detection application functions. When drawing up this decision, account was taken of the recommendations of the competent national and international authorities, in particular the European Commission, the European Data Protection Committee and the Belgian Data Protection Authority. As confirmed by the aforementioned bodies, European privacy legislation provides for a legal basis for The development and use of a digital contact detection application, in particular Articles6, § 1, E) and 9, § 2, i) of the General Data Protection Regulation. This decree therefore relies on these specific legal principles. This decision provides for the legal basis for achieving subsequent objectives: • In the first place, monigital contact investigation application must register contacts between users in an automated manner without this that the identity of users can do be outdated; • In the second place, a digital contact investigation application must be the user whose COVID-19 infection is stated to give the possibility to voluntarily report that he/she is COVID-19, and this is authorized and controlled manner to any incorrect or to prevent false reports; • The report of the infection must then allow other users who have come into contact with the user contaminated with COVID-19 in the period that the infected user was contagious, it is too notified in the vicinity of this infected person found, without any The name, location or the exact time of infection are passed on. This legal framework is necessary but not being confused with the free choice of the citizen to install, use and de-install a digital contact investigation application. This decision determines the framework for the technical en people's law guarantees that a digital contact detection application must meet, but does not make any way an obligation to the citizen to install, use or de-install a digital contact detection application. On the recommendation of the GBA in its advice 34/2020, it is also clarified that a (non-) user may in no way experience a disadvantage or an advantage of whether or not to use a digital contact investigation application. However, the DigitalContactpreciation application will be accompanied by terms of use where unlawful use will be punished both contractual and according to the rules of the common law. Installing a digital contact investigation application activates a number of technical actions as described aboveInnocence to generating secure keys and temporarily random serial numbers. Subsequently, the user always comes to the user of a digital contact detection application to activate the other technical actions whether or not actively and voluntarily activate the other technical actions on the basis of confirming a COVID-19 infection via the application. It goes without saying that this is a necessary step to help realize the ultimate objective of a digital contact detection application, reducing the COVID-19 epidemic and avoiding new flare-ups. for which digital contact detection applications may process data; • It indicates the controller that must apply the guarantees through this Decree within the strict framework of the described objectives. Sciensano is the best placed institution for this. Art. 4, § 1 of the Act of 25 February 2018 establishing Sciensano that this institution, both at the federal, regional level, as well as at the European and international level, has certain health assignments, in particular scientific research and risk assessment; Categories of data, both personal data and non-identifiable data, which may be processed by monigital contact detection application; • It emphasizes the possibility for a user of a digital contact detection application to keep control over his data and to remove data • It emphasizes it; the need for transparency information to the user of a digital contact detection application; • The determined retention periods that apply to the collected data; • It guarantees that data is collected a separate log list or database and is not crossed with other data benches; the processing of the collected data for other purposes; • imposes it on technical and organizational requirements for the controller in order to ensure that the data collected is protected against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against unintentional loss, destruction or damage; to ensure that no more data is collected as soon as the end of the condition of the Coronavirus COVID-19 epidemic is declared. The Algemeen Service is stressed that the personal data is processed in accordance with the General Data Protection Law Regulation on the basis of this Decree and in no way on the basis of The permission of the person concerned. of the contact tracking. The king may be adopted in a decision after consultation in the ministerial traads in the interministerial Public Health Conference, the further rules that are required for the implementation of this decision. I have the honor to be, SIRE, Van Your Majesteit, this respectful and very faithful servant, the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health, the Block26 June 2020. - Royal Decree no. 44 on the joint processing by Sciensano and the contact centers, health inspections and mobile teams by the competent regional authorities or by the competent agencies and mobile teams framework of a contact investigation by persons who are (presumably) infected with the Coronavirus Covid-19 on the basis of a database bij Sciensanofilip, King of the Belgians, to all who are now and will hereinafter refer to our regulation (EC) No. 2016 /679 of the European Parliament and the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons in connection with the processing of personal data on the free movement of that data; in view of the special law of 8 August1980 for the reform of the institutions, articles 5, § 1, i and 6bis, § 2, 1 ° and 2 ° and 92bis; The fact that the federal government is not exclusive of crisis policy when an (acute) pandemic requires urgent measures. The federal government, the communities and regions are the boundaries of their own powers. On the basis of this, the Federal Government is also authorized for the coordination and management of a crisis situation with regard to a pandemic. Entertainment that the federal government and the federal states, each within the limits of their own material powershave the authority to take measures on the fight against a crisis animal to public health. Happet on the decree of the Flemish Parliament of 21 November2003 on the preventive health policy; in view of the decree of the German -speaking community of 1 June 2004 on the health promotion and with regard to medical prevention; in view of the ordinance of 19 July 2007 on the preventive health policy; in view of the Act of 10 April 2014 containing various health provisions and the collaboration agreement between RIZIV and Sciensano concluded in it, given the law of 25 February 2018 to the foundation of Sciensano, Article 4 § 4 and 7 § 2; Having regard to the law of 5 September2018 establishing the Information Safety Committee and to amend various laws on the implementation of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 of the European Parliament and The Council concerning the protection of natural PE RSONEN in connection with the processing of personal data and the relevant free movement of that data and to the withdrawal of Directive 95/46/EC; Having amendment of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health Watpeltreeks the prevention and promotion of health; in view of the decree of the Flemish Parliament of 29 May 2020 to the organization of the reporting obligation and the contact investigation in the COVID-13 framework in view of the decision; of the United College of the Joint Community Commission Fan 23 April 2009 on Prophylaxis against transferable diseases; Having regard to the decision of the Flemish Government of 19 June 2009 on initiatives to prevent the expansion of harmful effects caused by biotic factors; The decision of the Waalssekeering of Special Powers No 35 of 5 May 2020 organizing the contact tracing in the context of the fight against the COVID-19 epidemic; in view of the decision of the Government of the German-speaking Community of 7 May 2020 establishing a contact center that is taxed in the context of the Fight against the health crisis created by the Coronavirus (COVID-19); Given the law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the king for measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus Covid-19 (II), articles 2, 5, §1, 1 ° and 6; Having regard to Royal Decree no. 18 of 4 May 2020 establishing a database bij Sciensano in the context of the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19; No. 25 of 28 May 2020 amending Royal Decree No 18 of May 2020 establishing a database at Sciensano in the context of the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 the Inspector of Finance, given on23 June 2020; Having regard to the agreement finding of the Minister of 25 Juin 2020; having regard to the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, Article 3, § 1; In view of the urgent necessity , who does not allow to wait for the advice of the Legislation of the Council of State, even within a short period of five days, for example because of the fact that it is vital for public health and for avoiding a re -flashing of Covid 19 epidemic, which sciensano has a database that allows you to detect and contact the contacts of infection persons; framework of the COVID-19 Health crisis and to continue a further distribution of the Covid-19S disease, the National Security Council, in which in addition to the representative Igers of the federal government look representatives of the federal states were charged to take coordinated measures in order to limit the further distribution of COVID-19; be infected with COVID-19 or of which there is a serious suspicion that they are infected with COVID-19, as well as the detection of the collectivities that these persons are part of, so that these persons can be given the necessary recommendations to prevent them from other people contamination with COVID-19, such as leaving hygiene and prevention guidelines, proparantine proposals and inviting to be tested on COVID-19;taking into account the material powers of each entity (Doc. Senate, no. 5-2232/5); predominantly the communities set up in the context of their competence on preventive health care Call Centershebben to carry out this contact examination and that there can be recommendations given that they infect other persons; The communities are considered that defederal government has powers that make it possible to organize the processing of data in the context of the fight against the distribution of COVID-19. In that sense, she can set up a database in the case of its powers and, on the basis of its residual competence, impose the field of medicine in the health care professionals in the health care obligation to enter the required data in that database, as if An exception to the professional secrecy. Moreover, it can grant the communities access to such a database without obligation, as is already the case for other federal databases such as the Crossroads Bank of Social Security; on the nomination of the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health and on the advice of our ministers in council meetings, We have decided and decide: Chapter I. - Algeneemepaling article 1. § 1. For the purposes of this Decree, it means: 1 ° General Data Protection Regulation: Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Deraad of 27 April 2016 concerning the protection of natural persons in connection with the processing of personal data and on the free movement of that data and to withdrawal of directive95/46/EC; 2 ° clusters: a concentration of persons infected or possibly infected with the coronaviruscovid-13 in collectivities or Communities; 3 ° Collectivity: a community of persons with regard to what De Vaare GDE health inspections judge that there is an increased risk of the spread the Coronavirus COVID-19; 4 ° Contact Center: by the competent regional governments or by the competent agencies that the person concerned contacts the person concerned via each possibility of communication, including telephone, by e-mail or e-mail physical visit within the framework for the purposes as determined in Article 3, § 2 and which subsequently divides the collected data with the database I; 5 ° database I: the database bij sciensano to be established by means of this decision for the processing and exchange of data for the processing purposes provisions in article 3; 6 ° Database II: the existing database at Sciensano, used for scientific research and established by law of 10 April 2014 containing various provisions regarding health and the implementation of it concluded cooperation agreement between RIZIV and Sciensano and the Act of 25FeBruari 2018 establishing Sciensano; 7 ° Database III: the database with Belorderen Orders for the employees of the contact center in accordance with what stated in Article 10, §1; 8 ° Database IV: the database with contact details of collectivities; 9 ° Database V: the central log list that allows operation of operation of the digital contact investigation applications described in Article 14 to run in a controlled manner and which is held separately with sciensano separately of Database I and II; 10 ° INSZ number: the identification number referred to in article 8, § 1, 1 ° or 2 °, of the Act of January 15, 1990 establishing and organizational bench of social security; 11 ° mobile teams: employees of the COVID-Outbreaksupport team organized by the health inspections taken on the spot in the case of a cluster; 12 ° Persons I: the persons For whom the doctor has prescribed a Coronavirus COVID-19 Test; 13 ° Persons Category II: The persons with whom ee n Test on the coronaviruscovid-19 has been carried out; 14 ° persons Category III: the persons whose doctor has serious suspicions that they are infected with the Coronavirus COVID-19Without a test on the Coronaviruscovid-19 has been conducted or prescribed or where the test on the Coronavirus Covid-19 showed that Zeniet were infected; 15 ° persons Category IV: The persons with whom (i) the persons categoryii insofar as the Coronavirus Covid -19 tested that they are infected and (ii) the persons category III; have been in contact and this for a period of fourteen days before and after the first sign of infection with the Coronavirus COVID-19 in which a certain appreciation margin on the basis of scientific insights can be taken into account; 16 ° persons Category V: the treating doctors of the persons categories I, II, and III; 17 ° Persons Category VI: the reference doctor - or in the absence of a reference doctor at the relevant collectivity - the administrative responsibility collectivities with which the persons I, II and III for a period of fourteen days before and fourteen days after the first symptoms of the B Esminning with the Coronavirus COVID-19 in which a certain appreciation margin may be taken into account on the basis of scientific insights has been taken in contact; 18 ° pseudonymization or pseudonymized data: the processing of person data in such a way that the personal data can no longer be linked to a specific person concerned without it Additional data is used, provided that these additional data are stored separately and technical and organizational measures are taken to ensure that the person data is not linked to an identified or identifiable natural person, as stated in Article 4, 5) of the General Data Protection Regulation; 19 ° field researchers: employees of the contact centers who can make physical visits in the context of the contact study; 20 ° hospital: care institution as referred to in the coordinated law of 10 July 2008 on hospitals and other careinr ichtening, as well as rehabilitation commercials; 21 ° care provider: a health care practitioner as referred to in the Cörininated Act of 10 May 2015 on the exercise of the health care professions the law of 29 April 1999 on the non-conventional practices regarding medicine, the doctors, nursing, the kinesi therapy, de and the paramedical professions; § 2. This Stektertoe Decree: 1 ° within the framework of the manual contact investigation and the use of mobile teams: A.De Datatankank I to set up in which data is processed in the context of conducting contact research; b. Exchange data between the Database I and the Database III and IV in support of the contact centers designated by the competent regional authorities or by the competent agencies (including field researchers) and the establishment of these databases c. Data in between the Database I and the health inspection services as well as with the mobile teams; D.Autbraken of COVID-19 and clusters to identify and detect it. Measures for Spekkke Treffen for the dike of COVID-19 outbreaks and clusters; f. to provide advice to Personalie with the Coronavirus Covid-19 are infected, for which a doctor has a serious suspicion or for which there is a great risk that this is the case with a view to breaking the Coronavirus Covid-19; persons to whom advice has been granted to continue to follow; and the functions of the existing epidemiological monitoring by continuing to guarantee Sciensano.2 ° to set up a frame in order to make the digital contact examination possible by using a digital contact investigation application; 3 ° research institutions and administrations, including sciensano, to carry out scientific or statistical studies on the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 and/or to support the policy in this area, through the exchange of the data between Database I and Database II. § 3. Subject to the provisions, this Decree does not affect the applicable contact investigations for the detection of infectious infectious diseases in the context of material powers with regard to healthcare. § 4. The King may be adopted by a decision after consultation in the Council of Ministers and in the Interministerial Public Health Conference, the Further Rules Rulping are required for the implementation of this Decree. § 5. Contrary to Article 458 of the Criminal Code, the health care providers have been relieved of their duty of confidentiality from Hoofdevan this decision. In deviation from Article 458 of the Criminal Code, the contacted persons of confidentiality under this Decree. 2. § 1. Ineindede Objectives determined in Article 1, § 2 to be achieved is established within Sciensano Databasi in whichThe categories of data as described in Article 6 in the context of the processing purposes as described in Article 3 are processed. This data is communicated by the authority servants or on behalf of the authorized persons of the hospitals, and the laboratories, as well as the doctors and the employees of the contact center, the health inspection services and the mobile teams. § 2. The database i is established without prejudice to the existing database bankii. For the achievement of the objective under Article 1, § 2, 1 °, h and 3 °, data from Database I will be pseudonimized before being included in database in accordance with the provisions of Articles 9 and 10. § 3. In order to achieve the objectives determined in Article 1, § 2, 1 °, B, E, F and G, in addition to the Database I, the following temporary data benches are also established between the categories of data determined in Article6 will be exchanged, although only for the processing purposes specified in Article 3 in accordance with what is determined in Article 10: 1 ° Database III; 2 ° Database IV.§ 4. Sciensano is the controller of the Databases I and II. §5. The competent regional authorities or the agencies designated by the competent authorities act as a controller for the Database III and IV with regard to the personal data collected and used by the competent regional authorities or by the competent contact centers and taking appropriate measures Persons stipulated in Article4 of the information and Article 34 of the General Data Protection Regulation referred to in Articles 13 and 14 of the General Data Protection Regulation and the Communication Regulation in connection with the processing for the processing purposes determined in Article 3, §2 In a concise, transparent, understandable and easily accessible form and in clear and simple language. Chapter II. - Processing purposes. 3. §1. The processing of the personal data in the Database I aims at the following processing purposes: 1 ° the posting of the Database I to the competent contact center (including field researchers) of the categories of personal data of (i) persons Category in Article 7, § 2, for As far as the Coronavirus COVID-19 Test showed that they are infected and (ii) persons category III; through exchange on Database III, for contacting the persons referred to in this paragraph, through any possible way of communication, including by telephone, by e-e-e-e-e Mail or via physical visit, possibly give recommendations, but especially to ask them to provide information, such as contact details, risk of contamination of the contact and date of the contact, about the persons with whom side contact has had; 2 ° A. de posting the Data Bank I, to the competent contact center of the categories of personal data in Article 7, § 3, by means of Exchange the Database III, for contacting the persons category IV, through any possible way of communication, including by telephone, by e-mail or via physical visit, to provide them with hygiene and prevention guidelines, among other things to be tested to be tested the Coronavirus Covid-19, as well as the further follow-up thereof; b. the posting the Datatzank I, to the competent contact center of the categories of personal data in Article 7, § 4, by means of exchange to the Database III, for contacting the Personal categories V and VI, through any possible way of communication, including by telephone, By e-mail of the collectivity, to inform them about the (suspected) infection of (i) DEMONEN Category II insofar as the COVID-19 Coronavirus test shows that they were infected, and (ii) persons category III; 3; 3 ° the provision of the categories of personal data of Persons I, II and III, by the Database I, to the authority -to -do teams and health inspection services of the Communities, referred to in the Flemish Parliament of 21 November 2003 on the Database I, and III. Preventive health policy, the decree of the parliament of the German -speaking community of 1 June 2004 BE striking the health promotion and with regard to medical prevention and its implementing decisions, the ordinance of the United Meeting of the Commission Committee of 19 July 2007 on the preventive health policy, the Decree of the Walloon Parliament of 2 May 2019 amending the Walloon Social Action and Health prevention and promotion of healthThe decision of the United College of the Joint Community Committee of 23 April 2009 on the prophylaxis against transfer areas, the decision of the Flemish Government of 19 June 2009 on initiatives to prevent harmful effects caused by biotic factors, in the context of initiatives to extend harmful effects caused by infectious diseases, go against, each within their competence always in accordance with Article 10, § 2, for the performance of their regulatory assignments; 4 ° the provision of pseudonimized, personal data falls under the categories of personal data as set out under Article 6 of persons categoriesi up to and including V in accordance with what is determined in Article 10 to the already existing database of Sciensanoopgericht by law of 10 April 2014 containing various health provisions and the Collaborationsovation concluded in implementation. Erbiking between RIZIV and Sciensano to make the pseudonymizing data stated in this paragraph available after anonymization, or at least pseudonymization in case dataonimization would not allow the research institutions to their scientific or statistical studies, including the research institutions, including the research institutions, including the research institutions, including the research institutions, including the research institutions, foreseeable procedure end The research institutions to be able to make scientific or statistical studies on the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 and/or to support the policy in this area after pseudonimization in accordance with Title 4 of the law of 30 July 2018 relevant protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data.§ 2. The contact center eyes indicated by the competent regional authorities or by the competent agencies, insofar as they are competent and in accordance with Article 10, § 1: 1 ° the in Article 7, §2 determination LDE categories of personal data of (i) the persons category II insofar as the Coronaviruscovid-19 test showed that they are infected and (ii) of the persons category III process to contact the persons referred to in DITLID through any possible way of communication, including by telephone, by e-mail or via physical visit, to possibly give them recommendations, but especially to ask them information, such as contact details, risk of infection of the contact and date of the contact, troubled by the persons with whom they have had contact; 2 ° A. The categories of personal data in Article 7, §3, to contact the persons category IV, possible through the Possible way of communication, including by telephone, by e-mail or via physical visit, to them under other hygiene and prevention guidelines to be provided, to propose quarantine or invite to be tested for the Coronavirus COVID-19, as well as the further follow-up thereof; b. dein Article 7, § 4, process certain categories of personal data for contacting the persons V and VI, through any possible way of communication, including telephone, Pere-mail or via visit to the collectivity, to inform them about the (suspected ) infection of the persons category II insofar as the COVID-19 Coronavirus test showed that they have been infected, and the persons category III; § 3. The competent mobile teams and health inspection services of the communities, referred to in the Decree of the Flemish Parliament of 21 November 2003 on the preventive health policy, the decree of the German -speaking community of 1 June 2004 on health promotion and on medical prevention and its medical prevention Implementation decisions, the ordinance of 19 July 2007 on preventive health policy, the decree of 2 May2019 amending the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health with regard to the prevention and promotion of health, the decision of the United College of the Community Community Commission 23 April 2009 on prophylaxis against transferable diseases, the decision of the Flemish government of 19 June 2009 on initiatives to prevent the expansion of harmful effects caused by biotic factors, in the context of initiatives to expand SCHA effective effects caused by infectious diseases may, each within their competence atmosphere in accordance with Article 10, § 2, may process the categories of personal data of Persons I, II and III in Article 6, to fulfill their regulatory assignments.§ 4 . The data collected under this Decree may not be used for the objectives of this article, in particular, but not exclusively police, commercial, taxcriminal or state security associated with objectives. Chapter III. -S whose personal data is processed in the context of current decision art. 4. for the processing purposes determined in Article 3, the categories of personal data will be determined in the articles 6, 7, 8 and 9, of this Decree, of the following persons, 1 ° DEMENERS Category I; 2 ° the persons II; 3; 3; 3; 3; ° the persons category III; 4 ° the persons category IV; 5 ° the persons category V; 6 ° the persons category VI. - Categories of personal data that are collected in the context of current decision art.5. The personal data collected and processed within the framework of this Decree are processed in accordance with the regulations on the protection in the processing of personal data, in particular the common data protection regulation and the law of 30 July 2018 on the protection of natural persons with regard to processing of personal data.art. 6. § 1. A mandatory reporting for the persons as referred to in the Decree of the Flemish Parliament of 21 November 2003 on the preventive health policy, the Decree of 2 May 2019 amending the Walloon Code of VANSOCIAL ACTION AND HEALTH with regard to prevention and promotion of Health, the ordinance fan 19 July 2007 on the preventive health policy and the decision of the United Collegean the common community committee of 23 April 2009 on prophylaxis against transfer areas, and the decree of the parliament of the German-speaking community of 1 June 2004 health promotion and with regard to medical prevention and its implementing decisions, is in derogation from these regulations to the Database I. A mandatory report of the persons categoryi whose doctor has no suspicion of being infected with COVID-19 and of the persons category in which the test showed that that there is no infection e n what is not disputed by the doctor is done in the framework of this partnership to the Database I. § 2. The Datonsbanki contains, insofar as available, the following categories of personal data of the persons category for the purposes determined in Article 3, § 1: 1 ° the INSZ number; 2 ° the name and first name; 3 ° the gender; 4 ° the date of birth and, where appropriate, the date of death; 5 ° the address; 6 ° contact details, including telephone numbering e-number e-mail address of the person concerned and the legal representative, and the designation of the relationship of these persons to the person concerned (parent, guardian, general practitioner, ...); 7 ° date of the start of symptoms; 8 ° the RIZIV number of the presistor of the test on the Coronavirus COVID-19; 9 ° Data with regard to the prescribed test on the Coronavirus COVID-19, including ded date and the type of prescribed test on the Coronavirus COVID-19; 10 ° the indication of the HalDal then exercise the Profession of Z Orgvlier; 11 ° the hospital department, the identification numbering location data of the hospital, if the person concerned is hospitalized; 12 ° possibly the result of the CT scan, if the person concerned is hospitalized; 13 ° the possible collectivity of the person concerned or is in contact with it if the identification number of the National Register referred to in Article 8, § 1, 1 °, of the Law of 15 January 1990 is available and organization of an intersection bank of social security, the name date, the date of birth, gender and the Address collected from the National Register or from the Kruispuntbank Registers intended in Article 4 of the Law of 15 January 1990 establishing and organization of a Crossroads Bank of Social Security. § 3. The database I contains, insofar as available, the following categories of personal data of the persons category II: 1 ° The data referred to in §2; 2 ° the date, result, steel number and type of the test on the COVID-13 Coronavirus 3 ° the RIZIV number of the lab carried out by the test; 4 ° in the event of a test result-on land that could not be contaminated, the possible decision to overrulring from here a doctor; 5 ° in the event of a test result on the basis of which No infection could be stamped, the RIZIV number of the doctor who took overruing decision. The person data referred to in 1 °, 2 ° and 3 °, are communicated to Sciensano by the following information providers: the persons authorized to do so or on behalf of the authorized persons from the laboratory, the hospital or other healthcare institution or care provider who carried out the test. The data meant in, 4 ° and 5 °, are communicated to Sciensano by the doctor who has taken the decision to overrul.the following categories of personal data of the persons category III: 1 ° the INSZ number; 2 ° the name and first name; 3 ° the gender; 4 ° the date of birth and, where appropriate, the date of death; 5 ° the address; 6 ° the Contact details, including the telephone number and e-mail address of Debetokke and of the person to be contacted in an emergency, and the designation of the relationship of these persons to the person concerned (parents, guardian, general practitioner, ...); 7 ° the suspected diagnosevan infection with the Coronavirus COVID-19; 8 ° the RIZIV number of the doctor who formulates the serious suspicion; 9 ° the indication of the whether the profession of care provider whether the profession of care provider of the person concerned of which the person concerned is part of that matters or has come into contact; 11 ° date of the start of symptoms; 12 ° the data necessary for the contact center to put use of use with the person concerned, including postcode and language. These data are being used to sciensano by the AR TS who has a serious suspicion that the persons category III are infected with the Coronavirus Covid-19. If the identification number of the National Register in Article 8, § 1, 1 °, of the law of 15 January 1990 is established and organization of a Crossroads Bank of Social Security, the name and first name, the date of birth, gender and address will become Retrieved from the National Register or the Kruispuntbank Registers referred to in Article4 of the Act of 15 January 1990 establishing and organization of an intersection bank of social security. § 5. The database I contains, insofar as available, the following personal data of the persons category IV (and where applicable: of the persons category II, insofar as the Coronaviruscovid-19 test showed that they are infected and (ii) persons category III ) communicated by the contact centers to Sciensano indicated by the authorized authorities or by the competent agencies: 1 ° the INSZ number; 2 ° the name and first name; 3 ° the gender; 4 ° the date of birth, where appropriate the date of death; 5; ° the address; 6 ° the contact details, including the telephone number and the e-mail address; 7 ° the data required for the contact center to make further useful contact with the person referred to in this section and the list with persons with whom the person referred to in this Section has recently had contact, including Vanpostcode and Language and the estimated risk of infection of the person referred to in this section; 8 ° list of collectivities of which the person meant d in this section part of it or has come into contact with, the data of which is communicated by the Database IV; 9 ° the relevant criteria for estimation for high or low infection risk and giving advice, including of the eventual symptoms, time of starting symptoms, type of prescribed test, doctor's visit, registration do any refusal to doctor's visit; 10 ° the relevant data communicated to the contact center by the person referred to in this section with regard to the movements, and follow-up of insulation and hygiene measures; 11 ° the parent fact that there has been a contact between the person IV and persons category I, III, including the part of the household of the person category IV.12 ° the answer to the demand designation or the persons II, As far as the Coronavirus Covid-19 test showed that they are infected; (ii) persons category III; or (iii) the persons category IV; Making use of a digital contact detection application or not. § 6. The database I contains the following additional data (i) of the persons category II, insofar as the Coronavirus COVID-19 Test showed that they are infected persons category III and IV collected and supplied by the competent contact centers: all data that is necessary for the organization and follow -up of the contact with the person concerned by the employees of the Contact Center, such as the language of the person concerned, the contact status of the person concerned, the ticket numbers of the contact recordings or the attempts to contact you, the types of contact names, the time of the Tickets, the time and the duration of the contact, the result of the contact. §7. The database I contains the following additional data of the persons belonging to a cluster, collected and supplied by the competent mobile teams or health inspection services: all data that is necessary for the organization and follow -up of contact with the person concerned of the clusterer employees of the contact center Including the language of the person concerned, the contact status of the person concerned, the ticket numbers of the contact shots or the attempts to contact Names, the species contacts, the time of the tickets, the time and duration of the contactnameThe result of the contactname.art. 7. § 1. The Database III contains the categories of personal data that are communicated by Sciensano from the Database I to the contact center for the purposes determined by the competent regional authorities or by the competent agencies as determined in Article3, § 1, 1 ° and 2 ° . § 2. The Database III contains the following categories of personal data of (i) The persons category II insofar as the Coronavirus COVID-19 Test showed that these persons infectious and (ii) the persons category III: 1 ° the INSZ number; 2 ° the name and the first name; 3 ° the gender; 4 ° the date of birth; 5 ° the contact details, including the address, telephone number and e-mail address and the persons to be contacted in an emergency; 6 ° the needless for the contact center to use useful to make contact with the person concerned, including Vanpostcode and Language; 7 ° the indication that the person must be called as (presumably) infected person to detect his contacts; 8 ° if applicable, the test result and the date of the test; ° the ticket number, date, time and result of the contact recording.§ 3. The Database III contains the following categories of personal data of persons Categoryiv: 1 ° the INSZ number; 2 ° the name and first name; 4 The gender; ° the date of birth E n, where appropriate the date of death; 5 ° the address; 6 ° decontact data, including the telephone number and the e-mail address; 7 ° the data necessary for the contact center to make further useful contact with the person referred to in this paragraph and the list with persons with whom the person referred to in this section has recently contact, including postcode and language and the estimated risk of infection of the person referred to in this section; 8 ° list of collectivities of which the person referred to in this section is part or came into contact with , of which the data is communicated by the data bank IV; 9 ° the relevant criteria for high or low infection risks and giving advice, including of an indevent symptoms, time of starting symptoms, type of prescribed test, doctor's visit, registration fan any refusal to doctor's visit 10 ° the data DO DO or the person referred to in this section with regard to the movements, symptoms, and follow-up of isolation, prevention and hygiene measures; 11 ° the mere fact that there has been a contact between, and including the part of the household of, De Person Category IV and (I) On the one hand the Persons II as far as the Coronavirus COVID-19 Test sophistications are infected and (II) on the other hand the Persons III. §4. The database I contains the following categories of data category VI: 1 ° name, type, contact details of the collectivity; 2 ° contact information of reference doctors/or responsible for the collectivity, including name, first name and telephone number.art.8 . The database IV contains the following categories of personal data VI Category for the purposes as determined in Article 3, § 1, 2 °, B: 1 ° identification number out of authentic source and internal identification number; 2 ° name, type, address, number As displayed in the Kruispuntbank of the Enterprises, of the collectivity of which the person is a part or has come into contact with; 3 ° contact information of reference doctor and/or responsible for the collectivity, including name, first name and telephone number. 9. § 1. The database II is filled with the personal data listed in Article 6 of the persons categories I, II and III, do not after pseudonymization, and this exclusively for the purposes determined in Article 1, §2, 1 °, g , Article 1, § 2, 3 ° and Article 3, § 1, 4 °. In particular, it concerns the following categories of personal data: 1 ° a unique number that does not allow the person to identify the year of birth and, where appropriate, the year and month of death; 3 ° the gender; 4 ° the postcode; 5; ° the RIZIV number of the presistor of the test on the Coronavirus COVID-19; 6 ° the type, date, sample number and the result of a test or the suspected diagnosis in the absence of test; 7 ° the RIZIV number of the lab that has performed the test; 8 ° in case of a negative test result, a possible decision to overrue of this by a doctor; 9 ° in the event of overruing of a negative test result, the RIZIV number of the doctor who has overruling the decision; ° the type and zip code of any collectivity of which the person is a part or has come into contact; 11 ° the result of medical examinationsincluding the result of the CT scan; 12 ° the indication of the whether or not the profession of care provider's profession; 13 ° data communicated to the contact center, including symptoms, date of the first symptoms, travel, follow-up of insulation and hygiene measures; 14 ° the mere fact that there has been a contact between, and including the part of the household of, the person category IV and (i) on the one hand the Persons II insofar as the coronaviruscovid-19 test showed that these persons and (ii) on the other hand the Persons III.§ 2. The Datatzank II, is supplemented with the personal data listed in Article 6 of Depersonies category IV, but only after pseudonymization and this exclusively for the purposes as determined in Article 3, § 1 , 4 °. In particular, it concerns the following personal data: 1 ° Eenunic number that does not allow to identify the person; 2 ° the year of birth and, in accomplishing, the year and month of death; 3 ° the gender; 4 ° symptoms; 5 ° non -contact with vulnerable persons; 6 ° the result and date of the prescribed test; 7 ° exercise the profession of care provider; 8 ° the strictly necessary data met related to the contact recording, including date of ticket and general result of the contact in the form of a code; 9 ° all relevant criteria for estimate for high or low risk; 10 ° postal code of the address. Chapter V. - Access and transfer of personal data art.10. § 1. The contact centers designated by the competent regional governments or by the competent agencies have only access to the categories of personal data of (i) the Persons II of (i) the Persons II within their own atmosphere of competence Coronavirus Covid-19 test showed that they are infected and (ii) the people categories III, IV, V and VI. Access to this personal data is only for the purposes stated in Article 3, § 1, 1 °, and 2 °, Article 3, § 2 and Article 3, § 1, 3 ° in particular the identification of the patient, of The collectivity to which he belongs or with which he is in contact and of the people with whom he came into contact. § 2. The competent mobile teams and the health inspection services of the communities have, within their own competence atmosphere, only for the purposes stated in Article 3, § 1, 3 °, access to the decorations of personal data of the Persons I, II, referred to in Article 6, III and IV and where necessary of the passenger categories V and VI in the Database I, in particular in the context of initiatives to prevent expansion of disadvantable effects caused by infectious diseases. § 3. The person data as communicated and stored in the Database I may be further passed on, after pseudonymization to the Database II exclusively for the purposes as determined in Article 3, § 1, 4 °, in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation and the Act of September 5 ,2018 establishing the information security committee. The personal data as communicated and stored in the Datatzank II, can only be passed on to third parties for the purposes in Article 3, § 1, 4 °, after the deliberation, as referred to in Article 11, by the Social Security and Health of the Informatieheidscommité . Chapter VI. - Authority of the information security committee. 11. § 1. Insofar as not included in this Decree, both the communication of personal data to Sciensano for processing in the Database I, and the further notification of that personal data by Sciensano to third parties, always after deliberation the Chamber of Social Security and Health of The Information Safety Committee referred to in the Act of 5 September 2018 establishing the Information Safety Committee and changing various laws in question the implementation of the General Data Protection Regulation. § 2. Without prejudice to the application of § 1, the Chamber provides social security and health of the information security committee exclusively deliberations with regard to the announcements to or by the database I, of Sciensano for the extent that they intend the purposes referred to in Article 3, without the Chamber of Social Security and Health of the Information Safety Committee itself can determine any other purpose. § 3. The Chamber Social Security and Health of the Information Safety Committee can further clarify per processing purposes in Article 3 which specific personal data can be processed within a certain category of personal data and that are communicated to one of the Databas II, III and IV, or those from the Database IV, to the Database I, must be communicatedAs far as the realization of the relevant processing purposes. This authority is implemented in accordance with Article 46 of the Act of 15 January 1990 establishing and organization of a crossroads bank of social security. On the basis of this authority, the Social Security Chamber Health of the Information Safety Committee The Personal Data within the above category of personal data specified in Article6 Determines whether it will add further, Sciensano will make this clearly known on the hair website in accordance with the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation. § 4. In accordance with Article 1, § 4, and without prejudice to the application of §§ 1, 2, and 3, (i) the institutions that may fall under the collectivities may (ii) include the categories of information providers that must include personal data Share sciensano for storage and further processing thereof in the data benches (iii) specified in Article 2, § 1 The categories of personal data that are processed in the data banks referred to in Article 2 is clarified, amended or supplemented by a decision as referred to in Article 1 §4 .Art. 12. § 1. In the context of its powers determined in Article 11, §3, the Chamber of Social Security and Health of the Information Safety Committee determines the Further Control Star Zaede and determines at least the following elements: 1 ° the additional personal data to be requested and under which processing purposes of the personal data processing purposes specified in Article 3 must be requested; 2 ° the identity of the controller; 3 ° under which of the categories of the additional personal data are included in articles 6, 7, 8 and 9, insofar as they are sufficient and relevant and are limited to what necessary for the processing purposes as determined in 1 °; 4 ° the categories of persons who are processed in Article 4 about whom additional personal data are processed; 5 ° the measures to insurance a legitimate and fair processing of the personal data; 6 ° the way in which the persons of whom the person Traditions are processed in knowledge of that processing corresponding decision. § 2. Only for the processing purposes stated in Article 3, access is accessed to the National Register referred to in Article 1 of the Act of 8 August 1983 Regeling a National Register of Natural Persons and the Kruispuntbank Registers referred to in Article 4 of the Act of 15 January 1990 containing establishment and organization of a intersection bank of social security.§ 3. A communication of personal data from other authentic sources to the Database Iveealist a deliberation of the Chamber of Social Security and Health of the Information Safety Committee, insofar as the announcement of this additional personal data is required for the processing purposes determined in Article 3. Chapter VII. - Safety measures. 13. § 1.Sciensano, with regard to data banks I and II, and the competent regional authorities or the agencies designated by the authorities, with regard to data banks III and IV, take appropriate technical measures in accordance with Article 32 of the General Data Protection Regulation to guarantee the risk of security level. § 2. Sciensano, the data benches I and II, and the competent regional authorities or the agencies -designated agencies, with regard to data banks III and IV, will meet the principles of data protection by design and by standard institutions as determined in Article 25 of The Alarm Ordinance Data Protection. Chapter VIII. - Digital investigation applications. § 1. The digital contact detection application to prevent the further distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 is aimed at informing users that they have had a risky contact with another infected user, without the contaminated user being identified by the digital contact detection application, And with the further goal that the informed usered person itself would voluntarily take the necessary steps, based on the recommendations of Sciensano and the competent authorities, to prevent further spread of the COVID-19 Coronavirus. §2. The digital contact detection application is limited to the processing of that information die must allow: 1 ° contacts between the users of the digital contact discharge planning are being captured without the identity of a user being traced; 2 ° when a user falls within the category of ( i) the persons category II insofar as the Coronavirus Covid-19 test showed that this user is infected or (ii) the persons category III; the user the COVID-19BesFetation on a voluntaryAnonymized, at least pseudonymized, can report manner by means of their own active action; 3 ° users of the digital contact detection application are expected if they have been in the vicinity of a user infected with COVID-19 who has reported this in accordance with what has been determined In 2 °. §3. The digital contact investigation application must meet the following minimum conditions: 1 ° The digital contact detection application has been worked out with the reference the Decentralized Privacy-Preserversproximity tracing (DP3T) Protocol; 2 ° The digital contact review application consists of the user application that by the user application is installed and a central log list that allows the operation of the digital contact detection application as described in §2, 2 ° and 3 ° in a controlled manner; 3 ° Sciensano is the controller's log list, as referred to in § 3, 2 ° , which is stored in Datatankank V; 4 ° the digital contact detection application can provide interoperability with other European member states, countries that are part of the European Economic Area or countries that are regarded as an appropriate level of data protection by the European Commission as determined in the General Data Protection Regulation (Adequacy Decree), which also use the protocol stated in the point 1 ° and offer the same or equivalent guarantees to data protection; 5 ° The communication between devices on which the application was installed is only based on data on the basis of which the user does not can be identified; 6 ° The DigitalContactpreciation application allows a user, whose infection has been established with COVID-19 has been determined, to use an authorization code in order to ensure that only validated information and informational accounts can be informed of the controller of the central log list, and thus thus, accidental and incorrect reports of contamination via the digital contact detection application in terms of; 7 ° the digital contact detection application ensures that only the fact of infection, as well as the date on which the user has probably become contagious, are communicated to the blast Responsible for the central log list, and this in a way that the identity of the user cannot be obsolete; 8 ° The digital contact detection application allows users to use the digital contact investigation application on their device, temporarily or not, to switch off, and the digital contact investigation applications at any time are deactivated by the user, whereby it is guaranteed that the installation of the digital contact detection application is not more difficult than its installation; 9 ° The central log list in Database V can be deactivated at any time, and the processing of data for all Users, whether or not temporarily, can be stopped, by a decision as referred to in Article 1 § 4.; 10 ° The central log list in Database V is in any case deactivatedzodra determines by a decision as referred to in Article 1 § 4 that it is not more needed to manage the termination of the exitstr Ategie; The central log list is deactivated at the latest after 1 year, unless a decision as referred to in Article 1 § 4 is necessary that an extension of this period is necessary; 11 ° The user must be able to report a voluntary establishment of contamination via the Digital contact investigation applications The central log list, without the identity of the user being able to be obsolete and whereby whereby where to allow a user to allow himself to authentize, if it wishes to pass on if possible are kept outside the contact investigation application, and in any case Never be passed on to the central log list, and immediately after a successful authentication are removed from the contact detection application; 12 ° no geolocation data is used or processed on single manier in the digital contact detection application.13 ° when a user receives a notification of E And contact with an infected user, then pendulum details are communicated that would allow the infected user to identify; 14 ° the full source codeIn particular, the application layer that ensures that the data transmitted to Degatensbank V and where the individual cannot be identified as well as the interface of the digital contact detection application is made public; § 4. The digital contact detection application transfers the principles contained in Article 5 of the General Data Protection Regulation. Singal data that is necessary to be able to confirm a COVID-19 BE-user and to inform users of the digital contact detection application that they are for a certain have found time in the proximity of a person infected with COVID-19, can be processed. These categories are exhaustively listed in this Decree or, if necessary in the decisions referred to in Article 1 §4. § 5. Installing, using and de-installing the digital contact detection application by a user is only done on a voluntary basis. Then do not install it, whether or not to use the mobile application of the digital contact investigation application cannot give rise to any civil or controlled measure, to any discriminatory act or to any advantage or disadvantage.§ 6. All data related to contacts between users, stored on the user's device, will be deleted at the latest three weeks after they have been generated In the final equipment of the user of a digital contact detection application. Data that ends up in the central log list may no longer be used by the user's end equipment. The information stored in the log list must be deleted at the latest three weeks after it was included in the log list. DEDATA linked to the voluntary passing on a COVID-19 established infection and the data that is used for authentication of the infected person, insofar as this information is information In application of § 2, 2 °, it must be immediately deleted on the device of the user needs, they were entered in the contact investigation application. § 7. Neither the contact detection application, nor the data processed with it, may be used for other objectives, but not exclusively, but not just police, commercial, criminal, or state security -bound objectives. Conditions determined in Title 4 of the Law of 30 July 2018 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data with a view to archiving the public interest, scientific or historical research or statistical purposes referred to inart. 89, §§ 2 and 3 of the General Data Protection Regulation. §8. In implementation of Articles 35 and 36 of the General Data Protection Regulation, a data protection effect assessment is drawn up and published. § 9. The further effect of the contact detection application and the useful data processing is regulated in that context as referred to in Article 1 § 4, without that it can be detracted from the provisions of this article. This executive decision contains at least: 1 ° a description of the investigation system, in particular to ensure that the risks limited by the DP3T protocol 2 ° a clear description of the processing arising from the use of the contact detection application and a clear definition of important concepts such as risk contact, authorization code, secured key and non-personalized temporary serial number; 3 ° the technical specifications that the contact investigation application will have to meet; 4 ° the necessary specifications to provide interoperability with other European member states, countries of the European Economic Area or countries that are regarded as a country with an appropriate protection level regarding data protection by the European Commission as determined in the General Regulation. NS protection (adequacy decision), which also offer the protocol customs stated in the point 1 ° and the same or equivalent guarantees to data protection; 5 ° the specific regions to limit the risk of re-identification based on the authentization of the infected user; 6 ° the manner on which the parties involved are informed about the operation of the contact detection applications the exchange of data they generate; 7 ° the procedure for checking the proper operation of the contact detection application. Chapter IX. - Storage period. 15.§ 1. Subject to the provisions of § 2the personal data from the Datatanbanki will be deleted at the latest 60 days after it is saved. The personal data from the database III is deleted daily. The personal data from the Database IV is either erased every 10 years. The data stored in the database V is deleted at the latest after 3 weeks, in conforming stated in Article 14, § 6. The personal data received, with the exception of Vandeze from Databases IV and V, will in any case be deleted by the controller on 20 October 2020. § 2. The pseudonymized personal data as determined in Article10, § 3, which are transmitted for the processing purposes as stipulated in Article 3, §1, 4 °, will be deleted in accordance with the law of 10 April 2014 containing various provisions of health and the Collaboration Agreement concluded in implementation between RIZIV and Sciensano. - Transparency and rights of stakeholders. 16. § 1. Sciensano, as Controller's Responsible Van de Data Banks I and II, takes appropriate measures to ensure the information referred to in Articles 13s 14 of the General Data Protection Regulation and the data protection Regulation The aforementioned communication in connection with the processing for the purposes stipulated in Article 3 in a concise, transparent, understandable easily accessible form and in clear and simple language. § 2. Sciensano creates and maintains a website for which adequate information is published for the benefit of the persons referred to in Article 4 in accordance with Article 14 of the General Regulation Data Protections, the contact details of the Data Protection Officer. §3. Sciensano maintains and manages a system for the exercise of the rights determined in Articles 15 to22 and Article 34 of the General Data Protection Regulation. §4. Sciensano, the competent regional governments and agencies designated by the competent regional authorities, each transparently determine their respective responsibilities within their competence atmosphere, in particular with regard to the exercise of the rights of the person concerned and the provision of information. that contains the modalities of a processing agreement and an agreement for the sharing of personal data, in which the respective roles and relationships of the joint processing managers are determined towards those involved .Art. 17. This decision enters into force on 1 July 2020 and keeps effect on the day on which a collaborative agreement between the Federal State, the Flemish Community, the Walloon Region, the German -speaking Community and the Uniform Community Commission, concerning the joint data processing by Sciensanoen the by the competent regional governments or contact centers, health inspections and mobile teams designated by the competent agencies in the context of a contact survey among persons who are (presumably) infected with the Coronavirus COVID-19 on the basis of a data sofa at Sciensano. on October 15, 2020.Art. 18. The Minister for Social Affairs and Public Health is charged with the implementation of this Decree. Given Tebrussel, 26 June 2020.Filip of Koningswege: the Minister of Social Health, Public Health, m. De Block