Publication: 2020-06-29Numac: 202004191919federal Public Service Financial administration for policy expertise and support. - Regulation service. - Agreement in the mutual consultation between the competent authorities of Belgium and Luxembourg to grant the agreement mutual consultation of 19 May 2020 with regard to the situation of the frontier workers in the context of the fight against the spread of COVID-191. Introduction On 19 May 2020, an agreement in mutual consultation on the basis of Article 25, paragraph 3 of the agreement between the Kingdom of Belgium and the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg for the prevention of double tax entot regulation of some other matters regarding income and assets, and the relevant final protocol, signed on 19.09.1970, as amended by the Avenants from 11.12.2002 and 16.07.2009 (hereinafter the "Agreement"). This agreement was published in the Belgian Official Gazette of 29 May 2020, edition 1, bl. 38448. 2. Extension The agreement provides that the can be extended from 1 July 2020 until the end of each month if both competent authorities agree in writing at least one week before the start of the month. In this context, coming competent authorities of Luxembourg and Belgium, the application of the agreement will be extended up to and including 31 August 2020. 3. Announcement will be published in the Belgian Official Gazette. Agreed by the undersigned competent authorities on 19 June 2020: For the competent authority of Belgium: P. de Vos, advisor-general for the competent authority of Luxembourg: P. Toussing, director of the taxesPublication: 2020-06-26Numac: 2020041939federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products23 June 2020.-Royal Decree No. 34 implementing Article 5, § 1, 1 °, 2 °, and 6 ° of the Act of 27 March 2020 that authorization grants the king to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II), with a view to insuring and proper management of the drug stocks and extending the pharmacy permit report on Koningsire, I have the honor You hereby a draft Royal Decree to implement Article 5, § 1, 1 °, 2 °, and 6 ° of the Law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the King to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus Covid -19 (ii), with a view to insuring and proper management of the drug stocks and containing the extension of the pharmacy permits, to be submitted. The aim of the draft decision is to take the necessary measures to the U IT special crisis on the COVID-19 Pandemie that is currently confronted with our country. This crisis brings specific and serious problems in the field of Public Health with. The aims to determine two temporary measures for the state of the state of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemia on the Belgian territory and this at the latest March 31, 2021. de first measure aims to arrange the posting (including distribution and delivery) of non-licensed medicines for human use, obtained by the Belgian state (strategic drug supply) in response to the market failure of the licensed medicines. First place in Belgium licensed to be used. Taking this into account, the provision of non-licensed pharmaceutical alternatives is subject to strict conditions: an unavailability of the medicine licensed in Belgium, needed for the treatment of COVID-19, must be established. This disposition is limited to patients who are admitted to a hospital. Exceptional channel in Belgium Non-licensed medicine by a pharmacist, or by a hospital pharmacist in the framework of the hospital started or outpatient treatment of COVID-19, are delivered. to guarantee medicines, a special reporting obligation is imposed in the framework of pharmacovigilance as well as in the case of possible quality defects and this in addition to the general registered obligations under the pharmacist and the hospital pharmacist. In view of the daard of this exceptional provision of a non-licensed medicine, the responsibilities of the health care practitioners concerned are laid down in this context. Slotte is extended the validity of location permits in order to make use of the holders. These permits concern the transfer of a Pharmacy or the merger of pharmacies, and so that the holder can use, in many cases construction or renovation works are required. The agency states that many permit holders are in trouble due to the reduced economic activity and would have to apply for a permit again without extension of the validity of these permits. On 17 June 2020, Deraad van State provided advice on the draft. The comments from the Vanstate Council were followed with the exception of the comment on the included delegations in Articles2, § 3, and 4, § 2, second paragraph, of the draft. The Council of State doubts the individual character of these decisions. This position cannot be followed. These delegations to the Minister or are the representative (non-regulatory) technical data and modalities (such as, among other things, the storage conditions of the medicine in question), comparable to these included in a permit for the marketing of a licensed medicine. By analogy with these permits, these decisions are not regulated. I have the honor of being honor, Sire, Vanuwe Majesty, the very respectful and very faithful servant, the Minister of Health, with the Blockraad of State Department Legislation Advice 67590/3 of 17 June 2020 on a draft Royal Decree `to implement Article 5, § 1, 1 °, 2 °, and 6 ° of the Law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the King to take measures in the battle against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II), with a view to insurance and the good management of drug stocks and extending the pharmacy permits' On 10 June 2020, the Council of State, Department of Legislation, was requested by the Minister of Health a period of five working days to provide advice on a draft Royal Decree 'to implement Article 5, § 1, 1 °, 2 °, and 6 ° of the Law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the King to take measures In the fight against the distribution of the Coronaviruscovid-19 (II), with a view to insuring and proper management of the drug stocks and keeping the pharmacy permits'. The design was investigated by the third chamber 16Juni 2020. The Chamber was composed of Jo Baert, Chamber President, Jeroen van Nieuwenhove and Koen Muylle, State Councils, Jan Velaers and Bruno Peeters, Assessors, and Annemie Goossens, Registrar. The reports issued by Rein Thielemans, first Auditeur. The agreement between the French and Dutch Text of the advice was checked under the supervision of Jeroen van Nieuwenhove, State Council. The advice, the text of which follows below, was given on 17 June 2020.1. Since the request for advice is supported on Article 4, third paragraph, of the Law of 27 March 2020 `That authorization granted the King to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus Covid-19 (i) ', which refer to article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws on the Vanstate Council, coordinated on January 12, 1973, the Department had to limit itself to the investigation of the legal basis of the draft, the authority of the author of the action and the pre -truly formal requirements. Regarding those three points, the design gives rise to the following comments. Making the design 2.1. The design stretch submitted for advice to the minister authorized for public health (hereinafter: the Minister) or his representative authorized to, in the event of a unavailable medicine that is recorded by the Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products (hereinafter: FAGG) of a medicine granted in Belgium is meant to be for the treatment of COVID-19, either as a supporting therapy in the treatment of COVID-19s for which no licensed pharmaceutical alternative is available, a non-licensed pharmaceutical alternative that is from the strategic drug stock, to be treated from patient who In a hospital, contrary to Article 6, § 1, first paragraph, of the Act of 25 March 1964 "on the medicines" (hereinafter: Medicines Act) (Article 2, § 1, of the design). The minister or his representative is also authorized to make an alternative available in a before the publicly opened pharmacy (Article 2, § 2), at the request of a pharmacies after submission of a medical regulation. In both cases, the minister or his representative determines the therapeutic indications of the alternative and can adopt the further rules of detailing (Article 2, § 3). The minister or his delegate a wholesaler in medicines for human use that is responsible for the distribution from the alternative to the hospital pharmacy or the pharmacy that is open to the public (Article 3). The alternative that is delivered by the hospital pharmacist must be prescribed by a doctor and must be administered in the hospital or in the context of a COVID or ambulatory treatment started in the hospital or ambulatory treatment -19 (Article 4). The (hospital) pharmacist must state the alternatives in the register and must communicate the state of affairs of the consumption of the alternatives at the request of the FAGG (Article 5). Rules regarding the responsibility of the Belgian State, the (hospital) pharmacists are determined the prescribing doctor for the alternatives (Article 6) and on the reporting of presumed preserving or unexpected side effects and of suspicions of counterfeits or quality defects (Article7). The determination of infringements by staff members of the FAGG is regulated (Article 8), as well as the criminal fines for these infringements (Article 9). The articles1 to 7 of the decision to be taken enter into force on (read: have elaboration with effect from) 13 March2020 and take place on the date of the announcement of the end of the state of the COVID-19 epidemic to the Belgian territory and no later than 31 March 2021Articles 8 and 9 of the decision steps to be taken in operation on the day of the announcement of the decision to be taken in the Belgian Official Gazette and Buitenstreken on the same day as stipulated for Articles 1 to 7 (Article 11, §§1 and 2 ) .2.2. In addition, the design also provides for the extension of the expiry period of two years within which the holder must use a permit for the opening, the transfer or the merger of a pharmacy opened to the public (Article 10). That provision comes into effect (read: has effect from) March 13, 2020 and will be out of operation on the date of the end of the end of the state of the COVID-19 epidemic on the Belgian territory and no one as a result of 31 March 2021 (article 11, § 3). Rechtsgrond3. The designed decision of the right of finds in Article 5, § 1, 1 °, 2 ° and 6 ° (1), of the law of 27 March 2020 `that authorizes the king to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the coronavuscovid- 19 (II) '. Based on that provision, the king, in order to make Belgium possible to respond to the COVID-19 epidemic or Pandemie and its consequences, to take measures to take the further distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 among the population against including the enforcement of public health and public order (1 °), in order to safeguard the necessary logistics and reception capacity, including the security of supply, or to provide it in addition (2 °) and the periods of the law by law to suspend or extend in accordance with the decisive periods (6 °). The decisions that contain the aforementioned measures may also eliminate, supplement or replace the applicable legal provisions in accordance with Article5, § 2, of that law, even on matters who expressly preserves the Constitution to the Act, as well as the administrative, civil and criminal sanctions for certain violations of those decisions. Forms requirements 4 provisions of the draft seem to have to be considered a technical regulation in the meaning of Article 1 (1) (F), of Directive (EU) 2015/1535 of the European Parliament and the Council of 9 September 2015 `concerning An information procedure in the field of technical regulations and rules relevant the services of the information society ', so that it must be notified to the European Commission in accordance with Article 5 (1) of that Directive. The authorized representative stated in that context: "The draft will be registered with the European Commission on the basis of Directive (EU) 2015/1535. This registration will use the urgency exception as provided for in Article 6 (7) of the first paragraph, A of the Directive. "The waiting period of (at least) three months before the declaration can be taken, in which Article 6 (1) of the Directive Voorziet does indeed do not apply, in accordance with paragraph 7 of that article, as a Member State for urgent Reasons of a serious and unforeseen situation that is related to the protection of (among other things) the summary of people, must work out technical regulations in the very short term and must determine and enter this immediately, without consulting. In that case, the notification of the Commission is still required; The announcement must be stated in the announcement. The Commission then expresses as soon as possible about the communication. When registering with the European Commission, the urgency of its approval must therefore be explained to answer the not to observe the prescribed waiting period. General remarks. The question arises as to whether the designed regulation compatible is with Directive 2001/83/EC (2), among other things, to the extent that the fundamental obligation is to have a permit for the marketing of a medicine, contained in Article6 (1), First paragraph, of that guideline. In the directive itself there are two potentially relevant provisions, namely Article 5 (1) and 2) that read as follows: "1. A Member State may, corresponding legislation and to meet special needs, the provisions of the The present requirement in the present regard to medicines that are delivered as a result of a bonafide order on the own initiative of an officially recognized professional practitioner in health care, and who are prepared according to his specifications and are intended for use by patients who fall under his direct, personal responsibility.2Member States may grant temporary permission for the distribution of medicines for which no license has been granted on the market, to prevent the alleged or found distribution of pathogens, toxins, chemical agents ofnuclear radiation that can cause damage. " Article5 (1) of Directive 2001/83/EC stated the authorized representative: "Article 5, paragraph1 of Directive 2001/83/EC applies in our opinion (...). After all, the non-licensed drugs are made available from the strategic reserve, but only delivered on the basis of a regulation within a hospital context (art. 2, § 1 draft KB), or based on a request from a pharmacist, after submission of A medical prescription (art. 2, §1 draft KB). In both cases, it is therefore requested [OM] that were initiated on the initiative of a health care practitioner, intended for use by patients who fall under his direct, personal responsibility. It is the settled case law of the court and the Court of Justice (see cases T-301/ 12 Laboratoires CTRS t. Commission, 3 July 2013, and C-185/10, Commission t. Poland, 29Maart 2012) that the exception of Article 5 (1) of the Directive for Restrictive should be interpreted (Commission t. Poland, r.o. 31 and 32). However, when one checks which cumulative criteria emphasize in the application of Article 5 (1) Directive, it is established that there is no individual attention to whether there is really an 'order from the prescriber' or 'detailed specifications of the prescriber' available . However, the Court of Appeal requires committee t. Poland, that the following conditions are cumulatively fulfilled to make a correct application of Article 5 (1) of the Directive: (i) 'special needs' only refers to individual situations that reside assembled, and implies that the drug is necessary to provide the needs Of the patients (r.o. 34) (ii) the requirement that the medicines are delivered to a "bona fide order on its own initiative" implies that the medicine is prescribed by a doctor after an actual examination of his own patients on the basis of purely therapeutic considerations ( r.o. 35) The Court of Appeal therefore summarizes it as follows: `From the assembly of the conditions formulated in Article 5 (1) of Directive 2001/83, read against the background of the essential objectives of this directive, in particular the protection of Public Health, it follows that the exception to this provision can only relate Having in situations where the doctor is of the opinion that the health status of his own patients requires them a drug that it is not available on the national market and of which no permitted equivalent top is present this market '(r.o. 36, we underline) At any time it is required that the doctor's composition of the medicine describes in detail. In laboratoires CTRS, these principles are repeated again and it is also indicated that this exception should be made per category of drug jugs and should not be done by case ( Laboratoires CTRS, r.o. 50). On the basis of these elements we believe that Article 5 (1) Directive [and the conversion provision thereof, namely] Article 6quater, § 1, first paragraph, 1 °, of the Medicines Act may be rightly invoked. " With regard to Article 5 (2) of Directive 2001/83/EC, the authorized thing again stated the following: "These measures are taken in the context of the sanitary crisis. The crisis is caused by the spread of the virus. This has led to market failures of different -resident medicines necessary for the treatment of COVID patients, but these medicines in itself do not have an indication to prevent the spread of the virus. This concerns essential drugs under VHB for which alternatives are found in urgency because the offer has fallen away. "5.2. Regarding Article 5 (1) of Directive 2001/83/EC, the argumentation of the authorized representative seems plausible, Partly in view of the case law cited. Regarding Article 5 (2) of Directive 2001/83/Egmeent, the Council of State still had to question the certainty with which the authorized representation seems to reject applicability of that provisionFrom the comparison of the Dutch, French, English and German language versions of that directive determination, it is clear in advance that the objective in it ("To prevent the alleged or found distribution of pathogens, toxins, chemical agents or nuclear radiation that can cause damage, ") Not refers to the drugs itself, but on granting temporary permission for the distribution of non-licensed medicines. Medicines for the treatment of COVID-19 patients can indeed contribute to the contrary to the distribution of COVID-19, Just because there seem to be indications that healed patients can no longer rise and cannot spread any further, because they contribute to the increase in group immunity. (3) Partly in view of the apparently scarce application practice of this directive provisions and the subsequent uncertainty to be able to appeal in this specific case, it is highly advisable to ask the European Commission about the possibilities of these provisions, according to it All the more so since the authorized representative reports analog initiatives in other Member States for which compatibility with European law is probably also available. (4) The tris report announced by the authorized representative (see comment 4) can be used for this.b. Article 2 of the draft arranges two cases in which an alternative can be delivered, namely by a hospital pharmacist for administration in the hospital and pharmacy open to the public. In addition, Article 4, § 2, second paragraph, provides for the design in the possibility of delivery of an alternative by the hospital pharmacist in the framework of a hospital started in the hospital or ambulatory treatment. The authorized representative stated about the most appropriate possibility: "By outpatient treatment is meant COVID-19 patients, for which no hospitalization is required and who are treated at home, in a retirement home or institution. Ambulatory treatment must be explicitly stated in Article 2 of the draft, preferably by adding them to paragraph2 of that Article.7. The draft contains several delegations to the minister or his representative (5), of which it is not always clear whether they are of a regulatory nature or have individual decisions. The authorized representative provided the following overview: "Art. 2, § 3: Individual. This delegation concerns further rules for the provision of a non-licensed medicine (per 'type' medicine) and the rules regarding use, etc. This delegation is which is not intended for each individual posting to each patient. Art. 4, §2, second paragraph: individual. Idem as with Article 2, § 3.Art. 7, § 2, second end of paragraph. Idem as with Article 2, § 3 and art. 4, § 2. "7.1. With regard to the delegations in Article 7, § 2, second and third paragraph, of the draft, it can be assumed, other grid as for the delegations in Article 2, §§ 1 and 2, of the draft that it concerns individual decisions that are not General regulations. 7.2. With regard to the delegations in Articles 2, § 3, and 4, § 2, second paragraph, of the draft, the Council Vanstate doubts strongly that they relate to individual decisions. After all, it concerns general rules, even though they relate to a specific medicine (or rather: alternative), which apply mainly prescribing doctors and to all pharmacists who make it available. The delegation of the minister can still be acceptable to the extent that the involves implementing measures of the other or a detailed nature and the rules are laid down by a ministerial decision, but for a delegation of this regulatory authority to his representative, the intended rules show one policy -based character, apart from the missing regulation of the announcement of such rules. This conclusion applies Incidentally, also for the "instructions" that the minister or his delegate tunes give to the (hospital) pharmacists, in accordance with Articles 6, § 1, and 7, §2, third paragraph, of the draft, to the extent that those instructions have a broader application then an individual case (which seems to be the case for the first -mentioned O ntworpen determination) .8. Insommige provisions of the design are mentioned a (non) licensed medicine or alternative, (6), while in other provisions a medicine or alternative is reported (not) in Belgium. (7) In the interest of legal certainty, this would be better made uniform, without prejudice to comment 10. Research of the Text Sordon9The decisions taken in the implementation of the two Special Female laws of 27 March 2020 were numbered as so. Although such a numbering is not required legally, if the Stellers want to continue use, the inscription will have to be adjusted in that sense. When asked whether after the establishment of the unavailability of a medicine licensed in Belgium, in accordance with Article 2, § 1, of the draft, it could not be checked first whether there is any other Member State of the European Union. Pharmaceutical alternative is available to what Voorrang can be granted over a pharmaceutical alternative that is not licensed in any Member State, the authorized representative stated the following: "The strategic drug supply contains non-licensed agents that, as a result of the established inexalions on the Belgian market of medicines, necessary for the COVID treatment treatment 19 patients, were obtained by the Belgian State in the framework for the fight against the SARS-COV2 pandemie. The distribution from this stock to hospitals, among other things, takes place by the hand [of] figure models, in which priority is given [to] medicines that either in Belgium or in another EU member state have been licensed. Ascade, as described above, is, in view of the manner of the distribution, not necessary. "11. in Article 2, § 1, of the design writers for the sake of clarity" medicine for human use "instead of" medicine "(see After all, also the mention in Article 3 of the draft). article 612. Article 6 of the draft contains a number of provisions on the responsibility of the Belgian State, the (hospital) pharmacist and the prescribing doctor for the alternatives. The demand rice whether there should be no provisions about the responsibility of the wholesaler, in view of the role he is assigned to Article 3 of the draft. Article 713. In the French text of Article 7, § 1, third paragraph, of the design of the "Effets Secondaires" design (as in the first and second paragraph) instead of "Effets Indéirbles". article 814. The authorized representative confirmed that in Article 8 of the draft it is better to refer to the supervisory powers and the powers on the Drawing up an official report, as regulated in Article 14, §§ 2 and 3, of the Medicines Act.15. In accordance with Article 8, § 2, of the draft, the determination of infringements in an authentic report (read: official report) applies to proof of the contrary. The couplers of the design must be able to account for, in the light of the principle of equality, why the general rule is deviated from that an official report applies as a mere information. Article 1016. In the Dutch text of Article 10 of the design, "one is mentioned permit as referred to in, and determined under "Article 9 of the coordinated law of 10 May 2015" concerning the exercise of the health care professions ", while the French text refers to" une authorization visée à ". The two language versions must be coordinated. Article 1117.1. The retroactive effect until March 13, 2020, of Article 11, § 1, of the draft is granted to Articles 1 to 7 of the decision to be taken, is justified by the authorized representative: "Art. 2 (2) of the law of 27 -March 2020 allows retroactive effect, which, however, that cannot go beyond March 1, 2020, is being granted to the measures taken under this law. That due to the unprecedented seriousness of the breached state was forced to take exceptional measures such as the construction and distribution of one-strategic stock non-licensed medicines to protect public health. That the Ene's Sleeping to regularize these legitimate measures and on the other hand to arrange possible new exceptional measures for a second or third outbreak. "The retroactive effect to Article 11, § 3, of the draft is granted to Article 10 of the decision to be taken, is justified by the authorized representative: "Art. 2, li d 2, of the Law of 27 March 2020laat, that retroactive effect, which cannot go further than 1 March 2020, is granted on the basis of this law taken. Location permits fell from March 13, 2020 because the holders could not use it because the construction or renovation works of the new or merger pharmacy stil came to be taken by the government. It therefore fits to make this measure start on the day of the starting of the measures to guarantee the equal treatment of the permit holdersIn the opposite case, permit holders whose permit is expensive for the entry into force of this Decree, but as a result of the restriction measures, forced to make an application again on the basis of the Spreading Act, and the those whose permit fallen the entry into force as a result of the delay by the measures, Being able to enjoy an extension of validity. There is no justification for such a difference in consideration. "17.2. As the Council of State has already explained in advice 67.142/AV of 25 March 2020 on a bill that has led to the two special features of 27 March 2020, the authorization can be made to the Queen Article 2, second paragraph, of these laws to take measures with retroactive effect (although restricted until 1 March 2020), it is not understood that the legislator can allow the king to grant retroactive force in circumstances in which the legislator himself cannot do without it to ignore the principle of constitutional legislation. (8) The non-retro activity of laws, including tebasic specialization decisions, is a guarantee to prevent legal uncertainty. The guarantee that the contents of the entitled and accessible are, so that the litigation of the litigation is reasonably the consequences of the consequences of the consequences A certain action can be provided at the time that action becomes Richt. The retroactive effect can only be justified if it is indispensable for the achievement of an objective of general interest. (9) There is no objection to the retroactive force granted to Article 10 of the Decree to be taken, in view of its beneficial effect, which is also consistent with an objective of general interest, namely the continuity of the services provided by the pharmacies. Articles 1 to 7 of the draft contain various provisions that are conditions or obligations for private individuals. Even though the procedure in which certain action is followed in the facts that are only confirmed later and retroactively in legal rules, in principle out of the question, the retroactive effect can, in view of the exceptional circumstances that are discussed here, brightened. After all, it can be assumed that the successful treatment of COVID-19 patients pending a legislative framework that makes it possible to administer necessary maarniet-licensed medicines is an objective of general interest. For factual actions and events have not occurred in the period in the past for which the retroactive power is granted. Insofar as, for example, the keeping of registers in accordance with Article 5, § 1, of the design has not been systematically taken, a transitional arrangement must be elaborated for this with a modified deadline after the announcement of the decision to be taken.slot marking18.Gelet on Article 7, second and third party paragraph, of the law of 27 March 2020 `that authorization grants Dekoning to take measures in the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II) ', the decision to be taken by law must be ratified within a period of a period of a period years from the entry into force, otherwise it will never be deemed to have had an effect. The clerk, Annemiegoosenszense Chairman Jo Baert _____________s1 This point 6 ° offers specific legal basis for Article 10 of the designed decision. 2 Directive 2001/83/EGvan the European Parliament and the Council of 6 November 2001 `Determining a Community Code relevant medicines for human use '3 The preparatory works of the directive determination not to make clear what exactly was intended by it . The amendment 24 that has led to the cited second paragraph by the European Parliament-adopted does not contain any further explanation in this regard (Report of the Environmental Management, Public Health and Consumer Policy Committee, Piece A5-0340/2002, 15-16), while in the amended proposal of The committee, in which that amendment was taken over, is mentioned from the "strengthening of the means to respond to the threat of bioterroristic attacks" (COM (2003) 163 definitively, 3-4). However, it cannot be deduced from this that this directive determination could be non-relevant in the context of the COVID-19 Pandemie.4 In the recent communication of the Commission of 8 April 2020 ("Guidelines on the optimal and rational supply of medicines shortages during the outbreak to prevent COVID-19 ", C (2020) 2272 Final) is in any case fulfilled the relationship with the fundamental permit obligation in Directive 2001/83/EC5 Datis, in accordance with Article 1, § 2, of the draft, the Administrator General of the FAGG or the other staff members of the FAGG that the Minister designates as a representative. 6 See the articles 1, 5 °, (read: 1, § 1, 5 °) and 6, § 2, of the draft.7 see Article2, § 1, of the draft, but later in that provision will be a "again" licensed pharmaceutical alternative "mentioned.8 Parl.st. Chamber, 2019-20, no. 55-1104/002, 15 (comment 11.2). 9-proof case law of the Constitutional Court, see, among others: GWH 21 November 2013, no. 158/2013, B.24.2; GWH 19 December 2013, no. 172/2013, B.22; GWH January 29, 2014, no. 18/2014, B.10; GWH October 9, 2014, nr. 146/2014, B.10.1; GWH January 22, 2015, no. 1/2015, B.4; GWH 7 May 2015, no. 54/2015, B.12; GWH 14Januari 2016, no. 3/2016, B.22; GWH 3 February 2016, no. 16/2016, B.12.1; GWH 28 April 2016, no. 58/2016, B.9.2; GWH 9 February 2017, no. 15/2017, B.9.2. 23 June 2020. - Royal Decree No. 34 implementing Article 5, § 1, 1 °, 2 °, and 6 ° of the Law of 27 March 2020, authorization grants the king to take measures in the fight against the spread of it Coronavirus COVID-19 (II), With a view to insuring and proper management of the drug stocks and extending the pharmacy permit Filip, King of the Belgians, are on Allendie and will be here, our greeting on the law of 27 March 2020 that authorization grants the king to take measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronaviruscovid-19 (ii), Article 5, § 1, 1 °, 2 ° and 6 °; Having been given to the advice of the Finance InspectieVan, given on 28 May 2020; Having regard to the agreement of the Minister of Budget, given on 5 June 2020; in view of the impact analysis of the regulations, carried out in accordance with articles6 and 7 of the Act of 15 December 2013 containing various provisions on administrative simplification; p the advice 67.590/3 of the Council of State, given on 17 June 2020, in application of Article 4, third paragraph, of the Law of 27 March 2020, authorizing the King to take measures in the fight against the distribution of The Coronavirus COVID -19 (I); On the nomination of Onzeminister of Health and on the advice of our ministers met in Council, we have decided and we decide: Title I. - Medicines department 1. - posting of non -licensed drug article 1. In addition to the Definitions referred to in the Act of 25 March1964 on the medicines, for the application of this Decree, is understood to mean: 1 ° "Hospital": a hospital, as described in Article 2 of the Coordinated Act of 10 July 2008 at the hospitals and other care establishments, Including the hospitals operated by the ministry Vandefensie; 2 ° "doctor": the practitioner of medicine, as referred to in Article 3, §1, of the coordinated law of 10 May 2015 on the exercise of the health care professions; 3 ° "Hospital Pharmacy": a hospital officina, as referred to in Article 2 , a), of the decree of 19 October 1978 containing rules concerning the officinas and the drug depots the care facilities; 4 ° "Pharmacy opened to the public": licensed pharmacy contracting the provisions of Article 18 of the law on the exercise of the health care professions, coordinated on May 10, 2015; 5 ° "alternative": non-licensed drugs referred to in Article2, § 1, of this Decree "strategic drug supply": the stock of venic drugs obtained by the Belgian State and intended to, in the case of crisis situations, unavailable of medicines to be absorbed; 7 ° "Fagg": Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products, as referred to in the law of 20 July 2006 on the establishment and effect of the Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products; 8 ° "Law": the law of 25 March 1964 on the medicines; 9 ° "the minister": the minister who is among the public health among his has jurisdiction or his representative.§ 2. The administrator general of the FAGG will be the point of view of the Minister for the application of this Decree. The minister can also indicate other staff members of the FAGG representative, stating the boundary of the powers delegated to them. Art. 2.§ 1By way of derogation from Article 6, § 1, first paragraph, of the Act, in the event of a unavailability of a medicine for human use being granted by the FAGG, may or as a supporting therapy in the treatment of COVID-19 and for which no licensed pharmaceutical alternative is available, the minister or his representatives non-licensed pharmaceutical alternative that comes from the strategic drug supply, make patients who are treated in a hospital, in the context From a hospital started or outpatient treatment of COVID-19. § 2. At the request of a pharmacist and after the submission of a medical prescription, the minister or his representative can make an alternative available in a pharmacy open to the public. The pharmacist directs request for the FAGG. § 3. In the event of posting referred to in paragraphs1 and 2, the minister or his representative determines the therapeutic indications of the alternative. He can determine the further rules of this posting. Art. 3. The distribution of the alternative to the hospital's hospital pharmacy or the pharmacy opened to the public is commissioned by the minister or his representative, by a wholesaler in medicines for human use by him or his representative. Art. 4. § 1. The alternative can only be delivered by the hospital pharmacist insofar as it is prescribed by a doctor. § 2. The alternative is delivered by the hospital pharmacist and administered in the hospital. In deviation from the first paragraph of this section, the Minister of his representative can determine the conditions and further rules under which the hospital pharmacisteen can deliver alternative in the context of one in the Hospital started or outpatient treatment of COVID-19. Art. 5. § 1. The hospital pharmacist states the alternatives in the register referred to in Article 34bis, § 1, of the Royal Decree of 31 May 1885 containing new teachings for the doctors, the pharmacists and the drugstores. The pharmacist mentioned the alternatives in the register referred to in Article 34, § 1, of the Royal Decree of 21 January 2009 containing instructions for pharmacists. § 2. At the request of the FAGG, the hospital pharmacist and the pharmacist will communicate the state of affairs of the consumption of the alternatives within a period of two days after the receipt of this request to the Fagg.art.6. § 1. Contrary to the provisions laid down by and pursuant to Article 13 of the Act, the quality of the alternatives guarantees. The wholesaler in medicines, referred to in Article 3, is responsible for the distribution of the alternative in accordance with the delegate in accordance with the instructions communicated by the Minister or the instructions communicated by the manufacturer. They store the alternative in accordance with the instructions communicated by the minister or his representative and the instructions communicated by the manufacturer. § 2. The doctor who prescribes an alternative within the indications determined under Article 2, § 3, cannot be held liable for the fact that the drug is not licensed. 7. § 1. The treating physician, the hospital pharmacist and the pharmacist reports any suspected serious or unexpected side effect at the FAGG. In addition, the treating physician, the hospital pharmacist and the pharmacist report every probably every 14 days to the Fagg. The reports referred to in the first and second paragraph are based on the form for the report of side effects. 2. The treating physician, the hospital pharmacist and the pharmacist report each suspicion of falsification or any suspicion of a lack of quality of the medicine (s) referred to in Article 2, § 1 and2 within 24 hours after its adoption of it Fagg. The hospital pharmacist and the pharmacist also place the medicine or medicines in quarantine ending pending instructions from the minister or his representative. After receipt of the first paragraph, the minister or his delegate, after advice from the FAGG, probably gives a risk For the public health of the medicine in question, instructions to Deziekenhuisapothekers and pharmacists. Department 2. - Control and penalty determination art. 8.§ 1. Without prejudice to the powers of the judicial police officers, the statutory designated, or in the absence thereof, practiced contractual staff members of a contract of an indefinite duration, of the FAGG, supervise the application of the Vandeze Title application by carrying out inspections, if necessary, unannounced§ 2. Without prejudice to the powers of the judicial police officers, the statutory or contractual staff intended in § 1 may, with decent identification certificates, make the use of their assignment powers and the powers regarding the preparation of an official report, such as those are regulated in Article 14, § 2 and 3, of the Act. Art. 9. Every donation in violation of the provisions of this Decree acts, is punished with a criminal penalty tan 50 to 5,000 euros. Title II. - Location permit. 10. The expiry period of two years within which the holder must make use of a permit as referred to in and permitted, Article 9 of the Act on the exercise of the Health Care Professions, coordinated top 10 May 2015, and which will lapse after 13 March 2020, is extended with Four months.titel III. Final and transitional provisions art. 11. § 1. Articles 1 to 6 of this Decree, with the exception of the provisions in Article 5, § 1, enter into force on the date of 13 March2020 and take effect on the date of the end of the end of the state of the Coronaviruscovid-19 Epidemia on the Belgian territory and no later than 31 March 2021. § 2. The articles 5 § 1, 7, 8 and 9 of this Decree enter into force on the day on which it is announced and occurs in the Belgian Staatsblad of operation on the date of the announcement of the end of the condition of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemia on the Belgian territory and no later than 31 March 2021.§ 3. With regard to the non-licensed medicines, which from 13 March 2020 to the day The decision in the Belgian Official Gazette is made available to be made available, a dismissive doctor, the hospital pharmacist and the pharmacist over a period of 15 days from the day on which this decision in the Belgian Official Gazette WO announced, to comply with their respectively obligations under Article 7. In deviation from the first paragraph, the treatment doctor, the hospital pharmacist and the pharmacist have to count on a period of 30 days from the day on which decis is made in the Belgian Official Gazette for The suspected side effects, with the exception of the side effects referred to in Article 7, § 1, first paragraph, of this Decree, to report.§ 4. Title II of this Decree will take effect on 13 March 2020 and will take effect on the date of the announcement From the end of the state of the Coronavirus Covid-19 Epidemia in the Belgian territory and no later than 31 March 2021.Art. 12. The minister competent for public health charged with the implementation of this decision in Brussels, 23 June 2020. Filipvannoning: the Minister of Health, m. De Block