Publication: 2020-05-04numac: 2020040963brussels-Capital Region12 March 2020.-Decision of the Brussels-Capital Government to the designation of the members of the Selection Committee of the Regional Public Service Brussels for the allocation of a mandate of director/director-service head A4 Back Office of the Brussels Publicity of the Public Prosecutor's Capital Government, in view of the special law of 12 January 1989 with regard to the Brussels Institutions, in particular Article 40; having regard to the decision of the Brussels -capital government of 21 March 2018 on the administrative status and the remuneration scheme of the officials of the officials of the officials of the officials of the officials the Ministry of the Brussels-Capital Region, in particular on Article446; to set it; in view of the agreement of the Minister of Budget; in view of the fact that Mr. Jan Bosschem (NL) has an extensive expertise in management and human ressources of experiences in various private companies. Held on the fact that Mr. Yvesbourdeau ( FR, legally bilingual) has expertise with regard to management at Vivaqua as financial director. Held on the fact that Mr. Patrick Coucke (NL) has extensive experience in the field of management in the private sector and given his role as General Manager for Consumer UnderstandingBelgium. In view of the fact that Mrs. Isabelle Montaigne (FR) has experience in Finance Managements. Held on the fact that Mrs. Carole Dembour (FR) has an expertise economy and taxation in both private and public sector. On the recommendation of the minister, After deliberation, decision: Article 1. are designated as members of the selection committee of the regional government Sienst Brussels for the allocation of a relevant director/director-service head A4 Back Office of the Regional Public Service Brussel Discity: 1. Mr. Jan Bosschem (NL) 2. Mr. Yves Bourdeau (FR, legitimate time) 3. Mr Patrick Coucke (NL) 4. Mrs. Isabelle Montaigne (FR) 5.mevrouw Carole Dembour (FR) that Mr. Jan Bosschem is appointed as chairman of the Selection Committee for the allocation of the relation of Deputy Director/Director-Head of A4Back Office of the Regional Public Service Brussels Fiscality.art. 2. The minister competent for the public office is charged with the implementation of this decision. 3. This Decree works the day on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. Brussels, 12 March2020. For the Brussels -Capital Government: r. Vervoort, Prime Minister of the Brussels-Capital Government, competent for housing and urban renewal, territorial development, safety and prevention, tourism, image of Brussels and bicultural affairs of regional interests. Gatz, minister competent for public office