Publication: 2020-07-31Numac: 2020042527Federal Public Service Finance15 July 2020.-Act containing various urgent tax provisions as a result of the COVID-19 Pandemie (Corona III) (1). - Erratumin The Belgian Official Gazette No. 210 of 23 July 2020 page 55186, the following corrections must be made: in the French text, read: "Titre1er.- Disposition general" instead of "Title 1er. DispositionGenerale"; "Titre 2 - Modifications Relatives Aux Impots sur les Revenus "instead of" Title2. - Modifications Relatives Aux Impots sur les Revenus ";" Art. 16. A l'Article "instead of" art. 16. à l'Article "; "Art. 17. a l'Article" instead of "art. 17. à l'Article"; "art.18. a l'Article" instead of "art. 18. à l'Article"; "art . 19. a l'Article "instead of" art. 19. à l'Article ";" Titre 3.- Modifications Relatives aux Droits d'en -Registrement et dreueffe "instead of" Title 3. -modes Relatives Aux Droits D 'En registrement et de greffe ";" Titre4.- Modifications Relatives Aux Droits et Taxes Divers "instead of" Title 4.- Modifications Relativesaux Droits et taxes Divers ";" Titre 5.- Modifications Relatives a la Taxe Sur La Valeur Ajoutee " Instead of "Ti Tel 5.- Modifications Relatives a la Taxe sur la Valeur Ajoutee ";" Titre 6.- Contrature d'Un regular Royal "instead of" Title 6.- Contrature d'Un regular Royal ";" Titre7.- Entree and Vigueur "Instead of" Title 7. entrance and vigueur ".Publication: 2020-07-31Numac: 2020042536 Flemish Government 10 July 2020.-Decision of the Flemish Government to grant a compensation to potato growers confronted with an unsaleable stock Free potatoes in their own ownership under the outbreak of COVID-19 RechtsgrondenDit Decree is based on:-The Decree of28 June 2013 on agricultural and fishing policy, Article 9, first paragraph, 5а. Formal requirements are fulfilled:- The Flemish Minister, competent for the budget, has given his agreement on July 6, 2020; - No advice has been requested from the Council of State, with application of Article 3, § 1, of the laws on the Council of State, co -rdinated on January 12 ,1973. There is an urgent necessity because the potato growers, due to the COVID-19 crisis with a large unsaleable stock of own storage potatoes, have remained. This situation has great-termiыle consequences and requires an immediate intervention to guarantee the liquidity of the potato-greater. Legal Lawdit Decree with the following regulations: -The temporary framework scheme regarding state aid to support the economy because of the current COVID-19 outbreak (2020/ C 91 I/01) Initiating, the Decree Decree is proposed by the Flemish Minister of Economics, Innovation, Work, Social Economy and Agriculture. After deliberation, the Flemish Seal Decree: Article 1. In this Decree is understood by: 1а competent entity: the Department of Agriculture and Fisheries of the Flemish Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries, stated in Article26, § 1, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 3 June 2005 with regard to the Organizational Pan De Flemish Administration; 2а Beware potatoes: The potatoes that in the collective request with code 901 "Potatoes (not early) "are indicated; 3а Farmer: Farmers as stated in Article 4, paragraph 1, a), V an Regulation (EU) No 1307/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 17 December 2013 establishing rules for direct payments to farmers in the context of the support schemes of the common agricultural policy and withdrawing Regulation (EC) No 637/ 2008 of the Council and Regulation (EC) No 73/2009 of the Council; 4а Company In difficulty: an enterprise as determined in Article 2, point 14 of Regulation (EU) No 702/2014 of the Commission of 25 June 2014 where certain Category Support in the agricultural and forestry sectors in rural areas based on Articles 107 and 108 of the Treaty on the operation of the European Union with the internal market are declared compatible; 5а Collection request: The Collecting application stated in Article 11 of Delegated Regulation ( EU) No. 640/2014 of the Commission Pan 11 March 2014 supplementing Regulation (EU) No 1306/2013 of the European Parliament and Deraad regarding the GE яNtegrated management and control system and the conditions for refusal or withdrawal of payments and for administrative sanctions in the context of direct payments, rural development aid the preconditions; 6а free potatoes: non-contracted storage potatoes.art.2. The support measure stated in this Decree will be granted after approval of the European Commission, stated in the temporary framework regulation on state aid to support the current COVID-19 outbreak (2020/C 91 I/01), and is satisfactory in particular to the following conditions: 1аde support may not be cumulated with other support and is therefore granted in accordance with POINT2, 20 of the framework scheme stated in the first paragraph; 2а companies against which a command of recovery is protruding under an earlier decision of the committee in which support in which support is unlawful and unpersonal with The internal market is not eligible for support; 3а in accordance with POIN4 of the regulation stated in the first paragraph, the support is transparent; 4а The support is a single ceremony to SMEs; 5а The support is only granted after approval of the Support Maatregeldoor the European Commission.de Support measure meets all in point 3.1. of the conditions specified in the first -lecture, in particular to the following conditions: 1аde support in total does not exceed 100,000 EUR per company. All amounts are gross amounts of deduction of taxes or other levies; 2а The support is not granted to companies on December 31, 2019 already in difficulty; 3а The support is granted on the basis of an arrangement with an estimated budget; 4а The support will be on 31 December at the latest 2020 granted; 5аde support is not determined on the basis of the price or the quantity of the products that are brought in the trade.art. 3Within the limits of the available budget loans, a compensation is made to the farmer who meets all the following conditions: 1а De Boutertein has the period from 13 March 2020 to 30 June 2020 about an active business number at the Kruispuntbank of Enterprises or at a foreign database or at a foreign database In which all basic data of companies and their location units are collected; 2а The farmer is a farmer and is managed as a farmer at the competent entity with at least щщn exploitation on the territory of the Flemish Region; 3а The farmer has indicated the plots on which the storage apartments are grown, indicated In use on 31 May 2019 in its own collective application 2019; 4а The farmer has at least 100 tons of free potatoes in its own property in Stock. The free potatoes that the farmer used in the period from 12 March to 15 May 2020 to feed the own livestock, are included in the stock; 5а The farmer may not plow the free potatoes in his own property on the field.art . 4. § 1. The reimbursement stated in Article 3, amounts to a maximum of 50 euros per tonne of free potatoes in its own property in Stockkop 15 May 2020. The free potatoes in his own property that the farmer has used to feed those herds in the period of March 13 to May 15, 2020, also for reimbursement. § 2. The first 100 tonnes of free potatoes in its own property is not eligible for reimbursement. The reimbursement is limited to 20 tonnes of storage potatoes per hectaredia is indicated in the collective application 2019, and up to 400 tonnes of free potatoes in its own property.§ 3. The competent Entity determines the amount of reimbursement based on the available budget credit and the total amount of all approved fees. The reimbursement is granted pro rata if de -accessible budgetary loans are not sufficient.Art. 5. If the available budget credit is not exhausted after the payment of the reimbursement in accordance with Article 4, § 1 and § 2, 1500 tonnes of free potatoes in its own property will be eligible for reimbursement. The reimbursement stated in the first paragraph, is a maximum of 50 euros Free potatoes in their own property in Stockkop 15 May 2020. The reimbursement is limited to 20 tonnes of storage potatoes per hectare that indicated in the collective application 2019. The competent entity determines the support amount based on budget creditendie after the payment of the reimbursement in accordance with Article 4, § 1 and § 2, are available, and on the basis of the total amount of all approved reimbursements. The support is granted pro rata.art.6. The farmer submits the application via e-mail or with a registered shipment with a form that the competent entity makes available on its website. The applicant provides the full request to the competent entity within four weeks of the announcement of this Decree in the Belgian State Blad. Art. 7. The competent entity investigates compliance with the conditions stated in this decision, and decides whether the reimbursement is granted. The farmer receives a written statement of the decision stated in the first paragraph.Art. 8. The beneficiary farmer always responsible for compliance with the conditions for which the support is granted, and for the accountability of its use. The farmer already presents the following documents at the request of the competent dentity: 1а the accounting documents; 2а a settlement document of The stock that was drawn up by 30 June 2020 at the latest; 3а weighing coupons; 4а administration data; 5а possibly photo material. The beneficiary farmer stores the documents, stated in the second paragraph, for at least ten years after the payment. The competent entity checks or the farmer meets the conditions stated in Article 3, and she has the authority to check the industry of the stock reported by the farmer on 15 May 2020 on the basis of all possible documents, weighing coupons, administrative data, on -site controls , The Farmer's Photo Materials. In the following cases, the support is refused and the competent entity reclaimed the subsidies that have already been paid: 1а If the competent entity determines that the conditions stated in the Decree of 28 June 2013 on agriculture are not met and fishing policy, this decision or its implementing decisions; 2а in the cases stated in Articles 13 and 14 of the Act of 16 May 2003 establishing the general provisions that apply to the budgets, the control of the subsidies and for the accounting of the communities and the regions, as well as for the organization of the control by the Court of Audit; 3а in D The cases, stated in the decision of Flemish Codex Public Financiыn of 17 May 2019.Art. 9If the farmer has a revenue insurance policy that meets the same costs as the reimbursement stated in Article 3, he will, if he knows the amount of compensation that he receives from a revenue insurance policy, informs the competent entity of that amount and will provide the evidence of this on the competent entity. The farmer informs the competent entity of the amount of the costs he has saved, the income from the sale of the paid potatoes and of the amount of all reimbursements, benefits and compensation that he receives for the same costs as The support measure. The amount stated in the first and second paragraph is deducted from the amount that the applicant will receive under the reimbursement scheme stated in Article 3. The Flemish minister, competent for agriculture and sea fishing, is responsible for implementation Vandit Decree.brussel, 10 July 2020. The Prime Minister of the Flemish Government, J.Jambonde Flemish Minister of Economy, Innovation, Work, Social Economy and Agriculture, H.CrevitsPublication: 2020-07-31Numac: 2020042540 Flemish Government 10 July 2020.-Decree of the Flemish Government to the granting of support to ornamental cultivation holders who have suffered a revenue reduction as a result of the operating restrictions taken by the National Security Council from 12 March 2020 on COVID- 19 Rechtsgrondendit Decree is based on:- The Decree of 28 June 2013 on agricultural and fishing policy, Article 9, first paragraph, 5а. Formal requirements are fulfilled: -the Flemish minister, competent for the budget, has given his agreement on July 3, 2020; -Er no advice was requested from the Council of State, with application of Article 3, § 1, of the Law of the Council of State, co -rdinated on January 12, 1973. There is an urgent necessity because Desiertelers, as a result of the COVID-13 -Crisis and the mandatory closure of the non-food stores, could no longer sell large parts of their crops. Most sales channels were also closed abroad, while the Flemish ornamental sector is highly export -oriented. That situation has led to grotefinanciыle consequences and requires an immediate intervention to support the liquidity position of the involved companies and to guarantee their continuously. Legal Raaddit decision is in line with the following regulations:- Temporary framework regulation on state aid support of the economy because of the current COVID-19 -Tutruit (2020/C 91 I/01) Initiative Dit Decree is proposed by the Flemish Minister for Economy, Innovation, Work, Social Economy En Agrouw. After deliberation, The Flemish Government Decree: Article 1. In this Decree is understood by: 1а competent entity: the Department of Agriculture and Fisheries of the Flemish Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries, stated in Article 26, § 1, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 3 June 2005 with regard to the organization of the Flemish administration; 2а turnover decrease: the decrease in turnover, exclusive VAT in the period from March 16 to May 30, 2020 comparison with the the same period in 2017, 2018 and 2019, which is the result of reduced performance. For companies that had not yet started on March 16, 2017, the fall in turnover in the period from 13 March 2020 to 30 May 2020 will be compared with the expected turnover stated, mentioned In the Finance Plan; 3аonderneming in difficulties: an enterprise as determined in Article 2, point 14 of Regulation (EU) Nr. 702/2014 of the committee of 25 June 2014 where certain categoryыn support in the agricultural and forestry sector and in rural areas based on Articles 107 and 108 of the Convention on the effect of the European Union are declared compatible with the internal market; 4а floriculture group: one of the floriculture groups that are included in the appendix attached to this decision; 5аt cultivation: all floriculture crops that belong to the same sex.art. 2. Within the limits of the available budget loans, the company is eligible for support if it meets the following conditions: 1а The company is registered in a foreign database in the period from 16 March 2020 to 30 May 2020 in which all basic data of companies Enhun Establishment units are collected or in the Belgian intersection bank of companies such as company with floriculture activities with at least one of the following NACE codes, registered with VAT administration: A) 01.130 Cultivation of vegetables, melons and root and tuber crops; b) 01.191 Cultivation of flowers ; c) 01.199 Growing from other annual crops, N.E.G; D) 01.280 Growing of spice crops and vanaromatic and medicinal crops; e) 01.290 cultivation of other multi -year crops; f) 01.301 tree nurseries, with the exception of forest tree nurseries; g) 01.309 Other plant consent; ) 02.100 Forestry (cultivation of Bosboomkwekerijen) .2а The company is gived -tentifieds of farmer and is managed as a farmer at the competent entity with щщn exploitation on the territory of the Flemish Region; 3а The company gets at least 50% of its total turnover from its ornamental ornamental development, stated in point 1а; 4а The company has the plots on which floriculture production, stated, stated In point 1а, is carried out, correctly indicated as Sierteeltaraalin its own collective application 2020 and it has the plots in its own use on 31 May 2020. In the first paragraph, 4а, is understood to be under collective application: the compilation application stated in Article1 of Delegated Regulation ( EU) No. 640/2014 of the Commission of 11 March 2014 supplementing Regulation (EU) No 1306/2013 of the European Parliament and the Council with regard to the geuring-tegrated management and control system and the conditions for refusing or withdrawal of payments and payments and For administration sanctions in the context of direct payments, rural development assistance and the preconditions.art.3The support measure stated in this Decree will be granted after approval of the European Commission and the conditions stated in the temporary framework scheme on state aid for support from the economy because of the current COVID-19 outbreak (2020/C 91 I/01), in particular The following conditions: 1аde support may not be cumulated with other support and is therefore granted in accordance with POINT2, 20 of the framework scheme stated in the first paragraph; 2а companies against which a command of recovery extends pursuant to an earlier decision of the committee in which support in which support is unlawful and uniformly with the Internal market are not eligible for support; 3а in accordance with POIN4 of the regulation stated in the first paragraph, the support is transparent; 4а The support is a single ceremony to SMEs; 5а The support is only granted after approval of the Support Maat Regulator The European Commission. The support measure meets all in point 3.1. Of the conditions stated in the first member, the following conditions set out in the first member, in particular the following conditions: 1аde support in total does not exceed 100,000 EUR per company. All amounts are gross amounts of deduction of taxes or other levies; 2а The support is not granted to companies on December 31, 2019 already in difficulty; 3а The support is granted on the basis of an arrangement with an estimated budget; 4а The support will be on 31 December at the latest 2020 granted; 5аde support is not determined on the basis of the price or the quantity of the products that are brought in the trade.art. 4. § 1. The company is eligible for support if it is at least щщn of the following situations: 1а has the company for at least one of the crops that it produces and that belong to a decorative group from the A category A, on deplishes, stated in Article 2, first paragraph, 4а, an individual drop in turnover of at least 30 % ago by the COVID-19 measures; 2а has produced the company for at least one of the crops Dieze itself and that belongs to an ornamental growing group from the B category, on the plots, stated in Article 2, first paragraph, 4а, an individual decrease in turnover, of at least 50 % ago by the COVID-19 Measures. In the first paragraph, COVID-19 Measures: The National Security Council measures are understood by COVIDID -19 that were taken from March 12, 2020, and the resulting measures of the competent authorities on civil security. Category A, Category B and desi -cultivation groups that belong to the respective categoryыn, stated in the first paragraph, are included in the appendix attached to this Decree.art. 5. The maximum reimbursement, expressed by Are by Are, is included in the appendix to this Decree. The available budget credit is divided according to the following distribution key: 1а 80 % of the available budget credit Subject to the floriculture groups that belong to category A; 2а 20 % of the available burden credits are reserved for the floriculture groups that belong to category B. Total of the available budget credits exceeds the maximum reimbursements stated in the first paragraph, pro rata within the distribution key stated in the second paragraph. Without prejudice to the maximum reimbursement stated in the first paragraph, the distribution key stated in the second paragraph is deviated from when under -utilization of the available budget credits for one of the categoryыn. The total reimbursement is € 100,000 per company maximal. 6. The reimbursement, stated in Article 5, is granted for the seameal of the floriculture group in which the individual drop in turnover stated in Article 4 is suffered.art.7. The company submits the request for support with a form that the competent entity is available on its website. The applicant provides the full support application via e-mail or with a registered translations to the competent entity within six weeks of the announcement of this Decree in the Belgian Staatsblad.art. 8. The competent entity investigates compliance with the conditions stated in this decision, and decides whether the subsidy is granted. The company receives a written or electronic notification of the decision.art. 9. The beneficiary enterprise remains always responsible for compliance with the conditions for which the support has been granted, and for the accountability of its use. At the request of the competent entity, the farmer presents the proof of the decrease in revenue, which consists at least of accounting documents. The beneficiary company keeps the accounting documents, stated in the second paragraph, for at least ten years of the payment of the supportThe competent entity checks whether the company meets the conditions stated in Article 2, and it has the authority to report the truthfulness of the turnover drop in the company, on the basis of all possible evidence, administration data, on -site controls and the accounting of the enterprise. In the following cases, the support refused and the competent entity reclaims the subsidies already paid: 1аals The competent entity determines that the conditions stated in the Decree of 28 June 2013 regarding the agricultural and fishing policy, this decision or this decision are not met the implementing decisions thereof; 2аin the cases stated in Articles 13 and 14 of the Act of 16 May 2003 establishing the general provisions that apply to the budgets, control of the subsidies and for the accounting of disgusts and the regions, as well as for the Organization of the audit by the Court of Audit; 3аin the cases stated in the premium t Flemish Codex Public Financiыn of 17 May 2019.Art.10. If the company has a income insurance policy that meets the same costs as the aid measure stated in Article 4, it will, if it knows the amount of compensation that receives an income insurance policy, informs the competent entity of that amount and provides the evidence of this to the competent entity. The company brings the competent entity to the amount of the costs it has saved, and of the amount of all reimbursements, benefits, relevant income and compensation that it receives for the same costs as a destination measure. The amount stated in the first and second paragraph is deducted from the amount that the applicant receives under the support measure stated in Article 4.Art. 11. Devlamic minister, competent for agriculture and sea fishing, is responsible for the implementation of this decision.brussel, 10 July 2020. The Prime Minister of the Flemish Government, j. Jambondevlamic Minister of Economy, Innovation, Work, Social Economy and Agriculture, h. Crevitsbijlage.siert cultivation groups, categoryыn and maximum reimbursement as stated in Article 1, 4а, Articles 4 and 5sierte growing groups Maximum fixed reimbursementer are (euro) Category A Azalea in Serre 802 Perk, terrace and balcony plants in conservatory 1 372 Perk, Terrace and Terrace and Terrace and Terrace and Terrace and Terrace and Terrace and Terrace and Terrace and Terrace and Terrace and Terrace and Terrace Balcony plants in outdoor 163 Cut flowers in Serre 3 417 Cut flowers in outdoor 227 house plants in Serre 936 Planting goods ornamental, herb and vegetable plants in Serre 858 Planting goods ornamental, herb and vegetable plants in outdoors 831 Category B Azalea in Serre 575 Potchrysantin Serre 575 perennials in-open air 498 tuber and bulb plants in conservatory 133 tuber and bulbs in the open air 96 Tree nursery container in Serre 403 Tree nursery container in outdoor 203 tree nursery Outdoor in the open air 60-view to be added to the decision of the Flemish government of 10 July 2020 about the rules for the grant support to floriculture holders who have suffered a turnover decrease as a result of The operating restrictions due to the measures taken by the National Security Council of 12 March 2020 on COVID-19.Brussel, 10 July 2020. The Prime Minister of the Flemish Government, j. Jambonde Flemish Minister for Economy, Innovation, Work, Social Economics and Agriculture, h. CrevitsPublication: 2020-08-03numac: 2020042562Federal Public Service Home Affairs28 July 2020.-Ministerial Decree amending the Ministerial Decree of 30 June 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19. - German translation The following text is the German translation of the Ministerial Decree of 28 July 2020 amending the Ministerial Decree of 30 June 2020 urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (Belgian Official Gazette of 28 July 2020). was drawn up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.Föderaleröffentlicher Service Inneres28. July 2020 - Ministerieller Erlass Zur Abänderung des Ministerialian Lasses Vom 30. June 2020 Zur Festlegung von Dringlichkeitsmaßnahmen Zur Eindämmmung der Ausbreitungdes Coronavirus Covid -4der Minister of Sicherheit Und des Innernauf grund des GivaFgrut of the Hivull's Suffar of the Hivull's Suffar of the Health Group of the Health Group of the Health Group of the Health Group of the Health Group of this. 5. August1992 über das Polizeiamt, of the Article 11 und 42; Aufgrund des Gesetzes vom 15. Mai 2007 überdie Zivile Sicherheit, of Article 181, 182 und 187; Aufgrund des Ministerialles erlasses vom30. June 2020 Zur Festlegung von Dringlichkeitsmaßnahmen Zur Eindämmung der Ausbreitung des Coronaviruscovid-19; Aufgrund von Article 8 § 2 Nr. 1 und 2 des Gesetzes vom 15. Dezember 2013 zurFestlegung verschiedener Bestimmungen in Sachen administrative Vereinfachung ist vorliegender Erlassvon der Auswirkungsanalyse beim Erlass von Vorschriften befreit;Aufgrund der Stellungnahmedes Finanzinspektors vom 28. Juli 2020;Aufgrund der am 28. Juli 2020 abgegebenen Stellungnahmeder Minister, die im Rat Darüber Beraten Haben; Aufgrund der am 12. January 1973 Cordinators Gesetze über the Staatsrat, of the articles 3 § 1 Absatz 1; Aufgrund der Dringlichkeit, which es nicht Zuld, Das Gutachts of the Staatsbungsabeilung of the Staatrates Vasteilung vinerbungsabeilung vinerbungsabeilung vinerbungsabeilung Vaster Valler Valler Valler Valler Valler Valler Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung Valler Valleilung, Real Verkon Valleilung, Valler Bungsbung Aufgrund der Notwenderkeit, Maßnahmen zu Erwägen, who is Sich Auf epidemiological Erbnisse Stützen, who sich tag für tagwiettwickeln, wobei that jüngstenergebnisse die auf der Sitzung of the Nationale -2020 -2020s vomstgertgegtengtengtigtigtigtigtigtigtigtigtigtigtigtgehtstgertgegtsdtststsdtstsdtstsdtstsdtstsdtstsdtstststgeftsdtstststgeftsdtstststgeftsdtststststgefts. Dass es daher urgently Erfrorderlich isst, Mestimme Maßnahmen zu Erernundund other Anzupassen; in Erwägung der Konzertierungen Zwischen the Regierungen of the Gliedenstenunde Föderalen Beöderalen Behörden im National Sicherheitsrat, 12.,, 12., 12. 24. April 2020, AM 6., 13., 20. Und 29. Mai 2020, am 3., 24. Und 30. June 2020 und AM10., 15., 23. July 2020 Zusammtenogeteten ist; in Erwägung of the articles 191 of the Verdagsüber Die Arbeitsweise der Europäischen Union, in Dem das Prinzip der Vorsorge im Rahmen der Bewältigungeiner Internationals SUNDHEITHEITSKRISE UND Der Aktiven Vorbereitung Auf Einen Möglichen Krisenfall Anankertist; Dass Dieses Prinzip VoraSetzt, Dass Die Öffentlichen Bei der Feststellung, Dass Ein Ernstesrisiko Höchstwahrscheinlich Eintreten Wird, Urgte Und Vorläufige Schutzmaßels ergreifes; Diangung's ergreifes; 27. April 2016 Zum Schutz Natürlicher Persons Bei der Verarbeitung Passengerdenden, Zum Freien Datenverkehr und Zur Aufhebung of the Direct Line 95/46/EG; In Erwägung der Erklärungder Who in Baituits of Coronavirus Covonavirus Covonavirus Covonavirus In Erwägung der am 11. Sich Rasch in der Welt Ausbreitet; in Erwägung der Erklärung des Regionaldirekto rsder who für Europe vom 3June 2020, according to which the transition to a "new normality" must be based on the fundamental public health and economic and social considerations, and the decision-makers at all levels have to be transitional and careful. European area and in Belgium; that the total number of infection continues to increase; in consideration of the health risk for the Belgian population and the urgency that arises from the Coronaviruscovid -19; in the consideration that the Coronavirus Covid-19 triggers an infectious disease that usually affects the lungs and the respiratory tract; Remember that the Coronavirus Covid-19 is apparently transferred by Mensch Zumensch via the air route; that the transfer of the disease apparently to all possible types of distribution through the mouth and nose; in consideration of the number of recognized infection cases and the number of deaths in Belgium since March 13, 2020; in consideration of the opinion of the Hohen Council for independent and KMB of April 22, 2020; in the consideration that the entire national high area is affected by the danger; that it is in the general interest that the sequel measures are coherent to maintain public order, which makes their efficiency maximized; in the consideration that in view of the previous certain coincide and covered places, but also in the open air, there is still a special risk of health represent the population; in the consideration that a police measure restriction and monitoring of gathering of more than 10 people is therefore essential and rational; in the consideration that the above -mentioned measure leads to the fact that the number of acute infection is reduced on the one hand and consequently the intensive care units enabled to absorb the most difficult patients under the best possible conditions, and that on the other hand, researchers are given more time to develop efficient treatment methods and vaccines; that this measure also succeeds chert; in consideration of the reporting group of experts for the Exit Strategy (GEES) of April 22, 2020, which contains a gradual concept for the gradual withdrawal of the measures and is mainly based on three essential aspect, namely wearing a protective mask, testing and tracing; that the report strives to wipe the preservation of physical and mental health, the fulfillment of educational orders in the area of ​​teaching and the resumption of the economy; that the Gees is composed of various areas, in particular from doctors, virologists and economic experts; inner weighing of the expert opinions of the GEES and the statements of the Celeval; in consideration of the high health council's statement on July 9, 2020; in consideration of the Phoenix plan for a new start Commerce of Comeos; in consideration of the "Guideline for the opening of business to contain the spread of COVID-19", which is placed on the website of the federal service. Workplace ", which is provided on the website of the federal service, work and social concerting; is provided; in Respect of the protocols, which are determined by the responsible ministers in concert with the relevant sector; in the consideration that a mayor, if he realizes that activity under activity of the present ministerial decree or the applicable protocols, is being carried out in the interest of public health, the administrative closure The relocation can be ordered; in consideration of the royal decree of May 22, 2019 via service planning and the coping of emergency situations at local and provincial levels and also the role of the mayors and the provincial governors in crisis events and in crisis situations that coordinate or coping with national levels require; in consideration of the ministerial issue of March 13, 2020 to trigger the federal phase with regard to the coordination and crisis management in relation to the Coronavirus Covid-19; in consideration of the law from4August 1996 on the well-being of the workers in the execution of their work and his execution lens; inner weighing of the concertation in the concerting committee; in the consideration that the average number of new cases of contagion with the Coronavirus Covid-19 in Belgium on July 26, 2020 to 255 confirmed positive Cases a day has increased; that this is a tripling compared to the situation of three weeks ago; in the consideration that the reproductive rate of Ru for Belgium is currently estimated to be 1.3, with a national average of 24.6 positively tested residents per 100,000 inhabitants according to the numbers of the European Center for Prevention and the Control of Diseases; in the consideration that the Celeval report of July 26, 2020 has been determined that a second wave of Covid-19-Coronavirus infections began in Belgium, and that also the consequences of it in the increasing number of hospital admissions are visible; in the consideration that due to this epidemiological situation, a drastic reduction of the social contacts is again necessary; that the contact bubble consequently reduced to 5 people, in whom it has to be the same persons and that private meetings are limited to 10 personal people; To participate, to reduce; that the experts have repeatedly pointed out that dancing in this context has a very high risk of transmission of the virus; that dancing is therefore still prohibited in companies in the hotel and restaurant business and at certain types of approved events; in the consideration that the National Security Council had decided on July 23, 2020 to register personal data in the hotel and restaurant industry; that this data can be crucial for the optimization of contacts and sources of infection; The fact that it is all the more necessary in the present epidemiological situation that has deteriorated all the more effort to determine the herd of infection in which the virus spreads out and to limit the spread of the virus as quickly as possible; That it is therefore also necessary to expand the registration duty to expand other places where groups of people actively spend a long time together, such as wellness centers, swimming pools, casinos and slot halls; in the consideration that the sales season begins and that this is a big one Inflowing of customers can lead to business; That Celeval recommends to make his purchases alone or possibly accompanied by a person in need or a person in need during a period of 30 minutes (also an appointment); and diesolidarity of every citizen is appealed; in consideration that wearing a protective mask or another alternative from material plays an important role in the strategy of gradual return leader measures; that wearing a protective mask of the population is therefore recommended in all situations in which the rules of social distancing cannot be adhered to so that the virus is avoided; that wearing a protective mask is mandatory in certain facilities and specific situations; that the mask may only be taken for the time necessary, e.g.To eat drinks and dishes, for cleaning the nose or for reading lip for the deaf and hard of hearing; that wearing a protective mask is not sufficient and always has to go hand in hand with the other prevention measures; that social distancing is the most important and priority -proof; in the consideration that, in view of the latest epidemiological results, it has become necessary to expand the obligation to carry a protective mask to other places in order to contain the risky second wave as far as possible; in the Recording that the citizens' interpretation must be informed where and when a mask must be worn; that the times of the time to which this measure is in force; that the specified period of time must actually match the times in which larger flow of people can be expected or there is an increase in the transfer of transmission; in consideration that the basic hygiene measures remain unnecessary; in the consideration that activities outdoors should be preferred if possible; that, if this is not possible, the rooms must be ventilated sufficiently; in the consideration that it is necessary to take additional pre -view measures in relation to people who belong to a risk group; , it is nevertheless necessary to further prohibit activities in which there is a high risk of the spreading virus to devote special attention and activities that lead to a too close contact with the participants and/or too many people; the health situation is regularly assessed; That this means that a return to strict measures can never be excluded; due to the urgency, issues: Article 1 - Article 1 of the Ministerial Decree of June 30, 2020 to determine urgency measures. Inclusion of the spread of the Coronavirus Covid -19 is by a No. 6 With the following wording: "6." Household ": People who live under the same roof." Art. 2 - Article 2 of the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 to determine urgency measures. The spread of the spread of the Coronavirus Covid -19 is replaced as follows: "Art. 2 - §1 - ​​HomeOffice is urgently recommended for all companies, associations and services of any size, And for all HR members whose function is suitable for this. to ensure maximum. If no home office is applied, companies that belong to the keynectors and essential services listed in the facility, including the producers, suppliers, entrepreneurs, and sub -entrepreneurs of goods, work and services that are for the activities of these companies and this service are essential , the measures mentioned in § 2 in order to implement the rules of socialisttancing as much as possible. § 2 - Companies, associations and tires of service in good time to ensure the application of the rules provided for in § 1 or, if this is not possible, to ensure at least equivalent protection level. Technical and/or organizational nature, as defined in the "General Guide to contain the spread of COVID-19 at the workplace", which is made available on the website of federal service, work and social concerting, supplemented by guidelines at sectorial level and /or at the level of the company, and/or other measures that offer an equivalent level of protection. Collective measures always priority before individual measures. This is suitable for prevention measures at the level of the company, the association or service and under compliance with the rules of social concertation or, if not possible, in consultation with the relevant employees and in consultation with the services for Prevention of danger and protection on the workplace. You will inform third parties in good time about the applicable prevention measures.§ 3 - The social inspectors of the general directoral control of well -being in the work of the Federal Public Service employment, work and social concerts are commissioned to inform and support employers and employees of the non -essential company and associations and to accompany and according to the social criminal code for compliance in these companies and associations To ensure obligations in accordance with paragraphs 1 and2. "Art. 3 - Article 5 of the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 For the determination of urgency measures to contain the spread of the Coronavirus Covid -19 is set as follows:" Art. 5 - In companies in the hotel and restaurant industry, at least the following specific modalities apply to the reception of customers: 1. Tables are arranged in such a way that the setting of at least 1.5 m is guaranteed between them, unless they are separated from one another with a minimum height of 1.8 m. .3. Only seats at the tables are allowed. 4.Jeder customer must stay at his table. 5. Service staff must have a protective mask or, if this is not possible for medical reasons, a facial protection screen. 6. kitchen staff must wear a protective mask or if this is not possible for medical reasons. Operation at the counter is not permitted, except in one -person operating below compliance with a distance of 1.5 m.8. Terraces and public places are organized by the municipal authorities and in compliance with the same rules as for interior space. Schants and restaurants may be open from the usual opening times up to 1 o'clock, unless the municipal authority released an earlier closure, and at 1 a.m. during a continuous period of at least five consecutive periods. On arrival to facilitate any later contact examination contact information - which can be limited to a telephone number or an email address - one customer per table must be registered and kept during 14 calendar days. These contact information on no other purposes than to combat Covid-19, they have to be destroyed after 14 calendar days and customers must expressly give their consent. Customers who refuse to leave their contact information will be refused when they arrive. "Art. 4 - The ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 to determine urgency measures. the following wording: "Art. 6BIS- § 1- Contact information from a visitor or participant Pro household- which can be limited to a telephone number or an email address- must be registered in arrival following locations:- Wellness centers,- collective sports courses, swimming pools,- casinos and play halls, - Reception and balls. § 2- In § 1, the data mentioned in § 1 must be kept 14 calendar days to facilitate a later contact examination and may not be used for combating from Covid-19 for fermentation. Participants must expressly give their approval. Visitors or participants who refuse to leave their contact information will be denied when they arrive. is replaced as follows: "Art. 7 - Insoling centers apply to the reception of customers at least the following specific modalities: 1. One customer per 10 m2 is allowed for a duration that does not go beyond the necessary and common time. 2. The shopping center provides employees and customers with hand hygiene available at inputs and outputs. 3. The shopping center makes it easier to protect a distance of 1.5 m by floor marking and/or signage. 4. It is bought all the time that does not go beyond the necessary and usual duration. Decree of June 30th to determine urgency measures to contain the spread of the spread of the coronaviruscovide-19 is replaced as follows: "Art. 8 - § 1 business may remain open on the usual days and at the usual times. Night shops may remain open from the normal opening time to 10 p.m.§ 2 - It is bought alone and except for a maximum of 30 minutes in the event of a period of time. § 3 - In the deviation of § 2dar, an adult who live under the same roof or a person in need of help. "Art. 7 - Article 10 of the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 to the definition of urgency measures to contain the spread of the Coronavirus COVID -19 is set as follows: "Art. 10 - The responsible municipal authorities can allow markets, including flea and flea markets and fairs under the following conditions: 1. The maximum number of visitors approved by a market is one visitor per 1.5 running meter market stall; This does not apply to fairs. 2. The maximum number of visitors approved on a fun fair or one fair is 200 visitors. 3. For the permanent operation of a stand, dealers, showmen and their staff are obliged to cover the mouth and nose, whether with a protective mask or other alternative from fabric or, if this is not possible for medical reasons, facial protection screen. 4. The responsible municipal authorities provide the need for hand hygiene at the entrances and exits of the markets or fairs. 5. Dealers and showmen provide their employees and their customers the necessary products for hand hygiene zur. 6. Traders and showmen may offer food or drinks for consumption on site. 7. An organization or one system is set up to check how many customers on the market or at the fun fair. 8. Creates a one-way traffic plan with separate inputs and outputs of the market or the fun fair, provided that the responsible municipal authorities do not provide an exceptional permit due to exceptional circumstances and set an alternative solution. On one market, it is bought alone throughout a duration that does not go through the necessary and usual permanent removal. 10. In deviation from No. 9, an adult who live under the same, or a person in need of help may accompany them. of social distancing, in particular maintaining a distance of 1.5 m between people, as well as other appropriate protective measures that offer an at least equivalent level of protection such as those in the "Guideline for the opening of the business. "Art. 8 - Article 11 of the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 to determine urgency measures to contain the spread of the Coronavirus Covid -19 is replaced as follows:" Art. 11 - § 1 - Unless otherwise provided in the arrival of more than 10 people, children under 12 years of view are only permitted under the conditions provided for by the articles and for the articles permitted through the articles. "Cerging" also means receptions and banquets with a private character. § 2 - A maximum of 50 people may participate in the following activities: 1. Activities in an organized framework, in particular a club or an association, always in the presence of an adult trainer or an adult accompanying or supervisor, 2. Storage and summer animations in compliance with the rules provided for in Article 15. § 3 - a maximum of 100 people may take part in the following activity participants: 1. Civil marriages, 2. Funerals and insertions, service under No. 3 are intended, without the possibility of the body, 3. Collective exercises of the cult and collective exercises of non -confessional moral assistance and interior of a philosophical non -denominational association in compliance with the rules provided for in Article 14. Section 4 - An audience of a maximum of 100 people may attend events, demonstrations, publicly accessible seating receptions and bankettes and competitions that are organized inside, in compliance with the modalities and in the applicable protocol and without prejudice to Article 5. A maximum of 200 people may attend events, demonstrations, publicly accessible seating receptions and bankettes and competitions, if they are organized outside, in compliance with the modalities provided for in Article 4 (2) or in the applicable protocol and without prejudice to article 5. Events, demonstrations, publicly accessible receptions or -Bankette or competitions organized on public road, the prior approval of the responsible municipal authorities is required by the authorities 13§5 - A maximum of 200 participants may attend static rallies that are found on public streets where social distancing can be observed and which were approved by the municipal authorities responsible in accordance with Article 13. § 6 - Without prejudice to an eventual protocol and without prejudice to the guidelines and/or restriction requirements that are determined by the competent municipal authority. Everyone in sports competitions. If a sports competition is organized for more than 200 participants on public roads, the prior approval of the municipal authorities is required. "Art is required." Art . 9 - Article 13 of the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 to determine urgency measures to contain the spread of the spreading descoronavirus covid -19 is replaced as follows: "Art. 13 - Use the responsible municipal authorities available to them, which the National Security Council provided for in its meeting of June 24, 2020 if they take an approval decision with regard to the event von: 1. In Article 11 Section 4 (3) mentioned events, demonstrations or competitions, 2nd in Article 11 § 5 mentioned rallies, 3. In Article 11 § 6 paragraph 2 mentioned sports competition. In Article 11 § 4 mentioned fair and seat receptions and bankette, events, demonstrations and competitions mentioned in Article 11 § 4, in Article 11 § 5 mentioned and in Article 11 § 6 sports competitions mentioned must not take place between 1 a.m. and 6 a.m.. "Art. 10 - Article 14 of the ministerial decree of June 30th to determine urgency measures to contain the spread of the spread of the coronaviruscovide -19 is replaced as follows:" Art. 14 - The collective exercise of the cult, the collective exercise of non -confessional moral assistance and activities within a philosophical association of non -confessional association and individual visits in buildings to exercise a cult and buildings for public exercise are allowed. a non -confessional worldview strip, take the necessary measures and provide guidelines, and that is followed by compliance with the following: 1. Compliance with the rules of social distancing, in particular perception of 1.5 m between the people, except for people who live under the same roof, 2. Condition of the previously defined maximum number of people per building, with a maximum of 100 people ProBauen, 3. Prohibition of physical contact between people and touching objects by several persons, 4. Providing the required products for hand hygiene at inputs and outputs. "Art. 11- Article 20 of the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 for the definition of urgency measures to contain the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 is set as follows:" Art. 20 - Without prejudice to Article 11, each household may have a maximum of 5 people, always dies, as part of private gatherings, including meetings at places that are open to the public. Children under the age of 12 are not included in these 5 people. "Article 12 - Article 21 to the ministerial decree of June 30, 2020 to determine urgency measures. 21bis- From the age of 12, everyone is obliged to cover the mouth and nose in the following locations with a mask or another alternative made of fabric: 1. In shops and shopping centers, 2nd cinemas, 3. In event, concert or conference halls, 4. In lecture halls, 5th in cult sites, 6. In museums, 7. In libraries, 8. In Casinos and Outgomatenspielhallen, 9th in business streets and in busy private or public locations, which are identified by the responsible community authorities and the corresponding attack with the times on which this is an obligation to commit, 10. in public buildings (in the parts of the public accessible to the public), 11. At markets, including flea and flea markets, fair and trade fairs, including trade exhibitions, 12. In companies in the hotel and restaurant industry, unless customers sit at their own table, 13. In the activities mentioned in Article 11 § 3. In the events mentioned in Article 11 § 4, 15. In the rates mentioned in Article 11 § 5. If it is not possible to wear a protective mask or an alternative for material for medical reasons, a facial protection screen can be used. "Art. 13 - on July 29, 2020 in Kraft.brussels, Den28 July 2020p. De Crem