Publication: 2021-05-05NUMAC: 2021031379Brussels-Capital Region30 April 2021.-Decree of the Brussels-Capital Government amending the decision of the Brussels-Capital Government of 15 April 2021 on the support of the companies of the discos, the restaurants and Cafés and some of their suppliers, the events, culture, tourism and sport in the context of the Health Crisis Covid-19th Brussels-capital Government, in view of the ordinance of 3 May 2018 on the support for the Deconomic Development of Enterprises, Articles 28 and 30; Given the Decree of the Brussels -Capital Government of 15 April 2021 on the support of the companies of the discos of the discos, the restaurants and cafés and some of their suppliers, the events, culture, tourism and sport in the context of the health crisis COVID-19, Article 4; Given Article 2, § 3, 5 °, of the Ordinance of n 4 October 2018 in the introduction of the equalance test; Given the urgent necessity; whereas the COVID-19 Health crisis has significant economic consequences for many companies; that a technical change in the regulations is needed to guarantee the same treatment of the companies; of the Minister of Economics, after deliberation, decision: Chapter 1. - General provisions article1. In Article 4 of the Decree of the Brussels -Capital Government of 15 April 2021, the support of the companies of the discos, the restaurants and cafés and some Vanhun suppliers, the events, culture, tourism and sport in the context of The Health Crisiscovid-19, the third paragraph is replaced as follows: "The first and second paragraphs are not vital on: 1 ° The beneficiaries of the premiums referred to in chapters 3 and 5 registered in the CBE from 1 October 2019; 2 ° the beneficiaries of the premium referred to in Chapter 4 registered in the KBO from 1 April 2019. ". Art. 2. This decision has elaboration with effect from 19 April2021.Art. 3. The minister is responsible for the economy charged with the implementation of this decision.brussel, 30 April 2021. For the Brussels-Capital Government: the Prime Minister of Brussels-Capital Government. Vervoorte Minister of the Brussels -Capital Government Agency for Economy, a. MaronPublication: 2021-05-06numac: 2021031393 Flemish government23 April 2021.-Decree of the Flemish Government for taking urgent and temporary measures in education as a result of the COVID-19 crisis with regard to the integrated tests and qualification tests, the delay To submit learning plans, maintaining the status of married or independent student, extending subsidies for the projects 'language-stimulating activities' and 'reading at school' and the budget control on additional lessons, teaching hours and hours teacher for the remedy of Pupils who have laughed at Learning by COVID-19 REGUSTENDITT Decree is based:- The Codex Secondary Education of 17 December 2010, ratified by the Decree of 27 MEI 2011, Article 115/6, § 2, second paragraph, 1 °, Article 147/3, § 1, third paragraph and art 336, § 3;- the decree on the student finance of the Flemish Community of 8 June 2007, amended by the Decree of 22 March 20 19, Article 34, § 3.- The Act of May 19, 2003 establishing the general provisions that apply to the budgets, the control of the subsidies and for the accounting of the communities and the regions, as well as the audit by the Court of Audit , articles 11 to 14; - the Decree of 29 March 2019 -concerning the Flemish Codex Public Financiën, Chapter 8; - the decree of 20 December 2019-concerned the general expenditure budget of the Flemish Community for the financial year 2020, article11;- the decree of 5 March 2021 granting extra lessons, teaching hours and hours-teachers for the remedialization of students who have destroyed learning disadvantaged by COVID- 19, Article 5. Formal requirements are fulfilled:- The Finance Inspectorate provided an advice on 3-March 2021.- The Flemish Minister, competent for the budget, has given his agreement on March 18, 2021.- There is a request for emergency treatment to the council of State submitted, motivated by the fact that a number of necessary adjustments at the level of implementation decisions impose. This concerns measures in various areas that are explained in the article -by -article discussion. The schemes are urgent because the estimates, as described in the memorandum to the Flemish government, are still difficult to make a long time in advance, given the unknown course of the Depandemie and in view of time limits in a regulatory process easily take a few months. Retraining and students the opportunity to organize the further course of the school year should be given clarity as soon as possible about the conditions under which this is possible. The Council of State has advice 69.138/1 given on 6 April 2021, applying Article 84 , §1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973. Legal candidate decision is in line with the following regulations: - Decree of the Flemish government of 7 September 2007 on the study financing of the Flemish Community . Motivation-due to the exceptional circumstances that the COVID-19 virus entails, schools will not be in the possibility of organizing the integrated test at the end of this school year or the qualification test in training form 3. Therefore, the present provisions for the school year2020 are provided for -2021 that these tests become an optional part of the final evaluation of a student, Engen obligation. he drawing up (one or more) learning pans for the new Defense Safety course, third grade TSO requires intense consultation between all parties. That process makes the COVID-19 crisis more difficult. That is why the submission period for the approval is being diluted from 31 January 2021 to March 31, 2021.-The COVID-19 crisis requires us to temporarily change the study granting of higher education for one academic year, so that independent students are their statute for Study grants can retain. These measures are urgent in need of urgency to provide clarity as quickly as possible to the students involved on the conditions for their student finance;- a large part of the activities that were planned in the framework The projects 'Language-stimulating activities' and 'reading at school' (school year 2020 -2021) can be unorganized because of the measures for COVID-19. That is why the beneficiaries of the subsidies are created to organize these planned activities after the end of the project period on 31 August, in particular in the school year 2021-2022.- There must be clarity about the measures that can be taken to control the Budget of the ins and out again, teaching hours and hours teacher for the remediation of pupils who have losing learning disadvantage COVID-19. After deliberation, the Flemish Government Decree: Article 1In abnormality of Article 56 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 19 July 2002 on the Organizational Fan The full-time secondary education: 1 ° is the organization of an integrated test in the school year 2020-2021, where appropriate, the absence by Force majeure of experts in the assessment of the test stated in 1 °, no detrimination of the validity of that assessment.art. 2. Contrary to Article 17 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 6 December 2002 on the organization of special secondary education of training form3: 1 ° the organization of a qualification test in the 2020-2021 school year is optional; 2 ° case, the absence due to the force majeure of experts in the assessment of the test stated in 1 ° in the qualification committee, no detrimination of the legal validity of that assessment.art.3. Contrary to Article 4, first paragraph, of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 10 November 2006 to determine the approval criteria and submission modalities of the curricula, the Defense and Safety study plans, third grade of technical secondary education, which applies on 1 September2021 are submitted to the competent Inspector-General-Openteer 31 March 2021.Art in the first grade of that degree. 4. Contrary to Article 6/2 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 7 September 2007 on the Student Finance of the Flemish Community, Degehuwde Student retains the status of married student during the Academy Year 2020-2021 if he about this statute in the past and This status has never lost .Art. 5. Contrary to Article7/2 of the same decision, the student retains the status of an independent student during the Academy year2020-2021 on condition that: 1 ° he had this status in the past and this statute nuclear lost; EN2 ° he does not meet the conditions of the status of married student, stated in Article 6 of the same decision.art. 6. Contrary to Article 4 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 10 July 2020 to the granting of a project subsidy of a maximum of 2,240.658 euros for the organization of language -stimulating activities Dutch in the school holidays The out -of -school care for children and young people, for the period of 20 July 2020 up to and including 31august 2021, activities in the context of the projects 'language-stimulating activities' could be Diegepland for the period from 20 July 2020 to 31 August 2021, but that were not able to take place of the COVID-19 measures are still taking place Until 31 August 2022. The provision The first paragraph does not affect the possibility of the beneficiaries to obtain a new subsidy for the organization of language-stimulating activities for the 2021-2022 school. The activity thie in the context of the new subsidy must be clearly distinguished from the activities that are organized in application of the first paragraph, so that double financing of the same activity is excluded.art. 7. Contrary to Article 6, paragraph 3, of the same decision, the beneficiary who uses the possibility stated in Article 6th of documents states digitally at the latest on 30 September 2021 at the time of the Horizontal Policy Department, for the activities organized in the Period from 20 July 2020 to 31 August 2021, and published on 30 September 2022, for the activities that were planned for the period of 20 July 2020 to 31 August 2021, but were only organized in the 2021-2022.art school year. 8. Infpression of Article 4 of the Decree of the Flemish Government of 17 July 2020 to the granting of project subsidies for the Project Call Reading at School 2020 For the period from 1 September 2020 to 31 August 2021 activities in the context of the "Reading projects can read at school 'that were planned for the Periodevan 1 September 2020 to 31 August 2021, but who have not been able to take place because of the COVID-19 Measure, still take place until 31 August 2022. The provision in the first paragraph does not affect the possibility of The beneficiaries to obtain a new subsidy for the organization of projects `reading at school 'for the 2021-2022 school year. The activities that are organized in the context of the new subsidy must be clearly distinguished from the activities that are organized in application of the first paragraph, so that double financing of the same activity is excluded.art. 9Contrary to Article 6, paragraph 3, of the same decision, the beneficiary who uses the possibility stated in Article 8 states the documents at the latest on 30 September 2021 Digitally available to the Horizontal Policy Department, for the activities organized in the period of 20 July 2020 to 31 August 2021, and no later than 30 September2022, for the activities that were planned for the period from 20 July 2020 to 31 August, but Paswerden organized in the school year 2021-2022.Art. 10. If the cost of the total number of applications reaches the amount of the available budget credits, the allocation of extra lessons, hours teacher or lesson hours, as stated in Article 2 of the Decree of 5 March 2021, will be awarded of Extra Lesson times, lessons and hours -Teacher for the remediation of pupils who have left a learning disadvantage by COVID-19, stopped. The maximum budget for the total number of applications is set up 30,000,000 euros.Art. 11. This Decree takes effect on the date of the approval. Item3 has elaboration with effect from January 31, 2021. Article 10 has elaboration with effect from 5 March 2021Art. 12. The Flemish Minister, competent for education, is responsible for the implementation of this decision.brussel, 23 April 2021. The Prime Minister of the Flemish Government, J.Jambonde Flemish Minister of Education, Sport, Animal Welfare and Flemish Rand, b. WeytsPublication: 2021-05-06Numac: 20210313999federal Public Service Finance Memorandum or Understanding on the manner applicable to implement part VI of the multilateral agreement to implement measures related to tax treaties for the prevention of astrala and profit shift from Austala Australia and the Kingdom of Belgium (hereinafter referred to as "Contracting States") are entering into the following mutual agreements (hereinafter referred to as "Memorandum of Understanding") to determine the application method of the arbitration procedure as provided for in part VI of the multilateral agreement for the implementation of tax treaties related Measures to prevent basic battle and profit shift (hereinafter referred to as "the Convention"). This Memorandum or Understanding is entered into in accordance with Article 25 of the Agreement between Australia and the Kingdom of Belgium to avoid double taxation and preventing tax on tax on the income, as amended by the amendment protocol and the second protocol to change (hereinafter "the" the Agreement "referred to as amended by Article 16 of the Convention, and paragraph 10 of Article19 of the Convention. The competent authorities may change or supplement this memorandum or Understanding by written mutual agreement. Part 1. - request for submission a case to arbitration1.1. a request for unsolved issues that follow from a matter of mutual consultation under Section 1 of Article 19 of the Convention (hereinafter referred to as "request for arbitration") must be submitted in writing and must be sent to one or both competent authorities. The request must contain sufficient information to identify the case. The request must be accompanied by a written statement by each of the persons who has either submitted the request for arbitration or is directly involved in the case that no decision has yet been made by the union authority or administrative court of the Contracting States with regard to the same issues. Within 10 days of receipt of the request, the competent authority that received the request and has no indication that it was also sent to the other competent authority, a copy of that request and sending the accompanying statements to the other competent authority.deel2. - Minimum information necessary for an investigation of the case 2.1. For the application of Article 19 of the Convention, the references to "Information that are necessary for a thorough investigation of the case" and "the minimum of information that is necessary for each of the competent authorities for a thorough investigation of the case" conceived: (a) for Australia, the information and documentation that must be provided when submitting a request for a mutual consultation procedure, as set out in the page concerning the mutual consultation procedure on the website de Australian Taxation Office, ato.gov.au, such as these guidelines can be amended from time to time; (b) for the Kingdom of Belgium, the information and documentation that must be provided with the submission of a request for a mutual consultation procedure, as explained in the Circular2018/C/27 with regard to the rules for Dispute settlement in connection with the application of International Tax treaties of 7 March 2018 and published by the general administration of the taxation of the Federal Public Service Finance, such as these guidelines can be changed from time to time; and (c) any other specific additional information requested by the competent authority of a Contracting State within three calendar months after receipt of the request. A mutual consultation procedure.2.2. The competent authorities of the Contracting States inform each other of important changes that are made with regard to the information requirements provide for their national directives and relevant for a request for a mutual consultation procedure. Part 3. - operating rules3.1. Unless the competent authorities determine joint countrymen, (a) within a period of 60 days after receipt of a request for arbitration (or a copy thereof) by both competent authorities, the competent authorities determine jointly solved questions by the arbitration panel and ask the The applicant for an arbitration of written knowledge. These are the "operating rules" for the caseWithout prejudice to the following provisions in this "memorandum or understanding", the competent authorities may also provide other or additional procedural rules in their operating rules than those included in these provisions, and other matters they consider appropriate. (B) if no knowledge was given of the Processing rules The applicant for arbitration within the period stated above (a), these persons can bring each other in writing to each other in writing of a list of issues that must be settled by arbitration within 30 days after the expiry of that period. All list thus were announced during this period are the provisional operating rules. Within the 30 days of all arbitrators, all arbitrators were appointed as provided for in the following provisions of this Memorandum Ofunderstanding, the chairman sends to the competent authorities and the applicant for arbitration a revision version of the provisional operating rules, based on the lists thus communicated. Within 30 days after the revised version was received by both, the competent authorities can jointly determine operating rules and communicate in writing to the arbitrators and to the applicant for arbitration. If this happens within that period, these other operating rules form the operating rules for the case. That period of no other operating rules were jointly determined and communicated in writing by the competent authorities, the revised version of the provisional operating rules that were prepared by the arbitrators is the operating rules for the case. Part 4. - appointment of arbitrators4.1. of the Convention, the competent authorities of the Agreement Singing States jointly stipulated that the following rules apply to the appointment of the members of an arbitration panel: (a) Each competent authority sets one member of the panel the 90 days of the date of the request for arbitration as intended in paragraph 1 of Article 19 of the Convention. Within 60 days after the last of these appointments, the twoaldus appointed members appoint a third member, which acts as chairman of the arbitration panel. The arbitrators' Choirs The chairman from the list that was jointly drawn up by the competent authorities for force section 4.7 (b) If the competent authority of a Contracting State leaves a member of the arbitration panel to appoint within the period as determined in sub section 4.1. ), on behalf of that competent authority, a member is appointed by the officer with the highest rank of the Center for Tax Policy and Administration of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) that is none of the Contracting States. This appointment within the 60 days after receipt of a request for this purpose from the person who has made the request for arbitration. In these circumstances, the member of the arbitration panel is appointed on the basis of the delicacy of persons, identified in accordance with paragraph 4.8., And provided by the competent authority that has left a member of the panel. In case no list was provided, corresponding paragraph 4.8. Or if none of the persons are available on the list, a member will be appointed on behalf of the competent authority by and according to the officer with the highest rank of the Tax Policy and Administration of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) that of None of the Contracting States is national. (C) If the two originals of the arbitration panel leave to appoint the chairman within the periods as determined in sub section 4.1. (a), the chairman is appointed by the officer with the highest rank of the Center for Tax Policy and Administration of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) that is none of the Contracting States. This appointment is done in the 60 days after receipt of a request to that effect from the person who has made the request for arbitration. In these circumstances, the chairman of the Arbitragepanel is appointed on the basis of the list of persons who was jointly drawn up by the competent authorities in accordance with paragraph4.7. If no list was provided in accordance with paragraph 4.7. Or if none of the persons is available on the list, a chairman will be appointed by and according to the official with the highest rank of the Center for Tax Policy and Administration of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) that of none of the Contracting States national is. 4.2In addition to the fact that the competent authorities jointly agree other rules, the procedures asks are provided for in Article 20 of the Convention and part 4 of this memorandum or Understanding with the necessary adjustments if it is necessary for whatever reason to replace an arbitrator after arbitration procedure started. In such circumstances, the competent authorities also determine what adjustments are necessary with regard to the periods that are provided for in part 5 of this memorandum or understanding.4.3. An arbitrator is deemed to have been appointed to both competent authorities a letter was sent in which the appointment is confirmed by both the arbitrator and the person or persons who have the authority to appoint this arbiter.4.4. The competent authorities appoint arbitrators that have expertise or experience in international tax matters. However, they must have no experience as a judge or as an arbitrator. Every arbitrator appointed for the arbitration panel must impartial and independent of the competent authorities, tax administrations and ministries of the Contracting States and of all persons directly involved in the case (including Hun Counselors and with them related persons). In particular, the arbitrators may not be employed by the competent authorities, tax administrations and finance ministries of the Contracting States and of all persons directly involved in the case (including their advisers and with them related persons) for a period of 12 months preceding them appointment and the time when they accept their appointment. The arbitrators must keep their impartiality and unity throughout the procedure and for 12 months after the panel has ruled as referred to in paragraph 5.7. or sub section 5.8. (g), depending on whether the competent authorities were determined by the competent authorities, avoiding any behavior that can affect the appearance of impartiality and independence of the arbitrators with regard to the procedure. Everyarbiter appointed for the arbitration panel must make a written statement for this. The arbitrators connect themselves to immediately inform both competent authorities in writing of their of the new facts or circumstances that occur during or following the arbitration procedure would possibly evoke doubt with regard to their impartiality or independence.4.5. For the application of this section, one person who has accepted an appointment as an arbitrator another arbitration procedure, under part of the Convention or pursuant to the provisions of any other bilateral or multilateral agreement that provides for arbitration for unresolved issues in a mutual consultation procedure, not deemed to be employed on the basis of that appointment , or to be employed, from the competent authority, tax administration or Ministry of Finance of an agreement -concluding state.4.6. When a competent authority becomes aware of an infringement by an arbitrator on the conditions regarding impartiality and independence as determined in paragraph 4.4., It immediately brings this to the attention of the other arbitrators and the competent authority of the other Contracting State. The competent authorities then decide jointly, on the basis of the specific facts and circumstances of the case and the infringement, about the commercialist to be followed, for example: (a) the arbitrator concerned; ((b) (b) (b) the arbitration procedure enforcement and a new arbitration panel to appoint; or (c) declare the arbitral ruling invalid if a decision has already been made.4.7. The competent authorities jointly set a list of at least 5 persons designated by them who are competent and willing to serve as chairman of an arbitration panel. The competent authorities revise and change this list if necessary. The Personalie for this list must be indicated, must meet the conditions of section 4.4.4.8.LKE competent authority draws up a list of at least 5 people who are competent and willing to be prepared as members of the arbitration panel. Every competent authority rewinds and changes this list as necessary. The persons who must be designated for these lists must meet the conditions of paragon 4.4.part 5. - Arbitration procedure5.1. Within 90 days after the appointment of the chairman of the arbitration panel (unless the competent authorities determine a different period before the end of that period samples or agree to use a different type of arbitration procedure, as described in section 5.8, with regard to the relevant case), the competent authority of each Contracting State presents a proposed solution to the chairman of the Arbitragepanel, in which all unsolved issue (s) of the case are dealt with (accounting metallous agreements that were previously reached around that case between the competent authorities). Only after-date of both proposed solutions or after the 90-day term has expired, if this is earlier, the chairman forwards the proposed solutions to the other members of the arbitration panels to the other competent authority. The proposed solution is limited to a mention of the specific amounts of money in currency units (for example from income or expenses) or, where specified, of the maximum rate of the tax that may be levied in accordance with the provisions of the agreement (as it can be changed by the Treaty), for every adjustment or similar issue. In a case in which the competent authorities of the Contracting States did not succeed in coming to an agreement on an issue with regard to the conditions of application of a provision of the agreement (as it can be changed by the Convention) (hereinafter referred to as "threshold issue") - as the question of whether or not a natural person is a resident, whether the question of whether there is a permanent establishment is not there - the competent authorities may have other proposed solutions proposals with regard to issues whose decision depends on the solution of such threshold issues. 5.2. The competent authority of each Contracting State may also submit a supporting position memorandum to the arbitrators for consideration. Such a support point of view memorandum is submitted to the chairman of the arbitration panel within the period as determined in paragraph 5.1. Only after receipt of both supporting positions or after the period as determined in paragraph 5.1. If this is earlier, the chairman sends the supporting position memorandum to the other members of the Arbitragepanel and to the other competent authority. Each ABTORGE Bij A supporting position memorandum must be a document that was delivered by one competent authority to the other, or by the taxpayer to both competent authorities, to be used in the negotiation of the case subject to the mutual consultation procedure.5.3. In case of competent authority of one Contracting State, leaving for a proposed solution within the period as determined in paragraph 5.1., Informs the chairman of the arbitration paneled competent authority that, if no proposed solution is submitted within an additional period of 7 days, the arbitration panel The proposed solution that was submitted by the other authority authority will choose as its statement.5.4. Each competent authority may also submit a single -memorial answer in response to the proposed solution and supporting position memorandum was submitted by the other competent authority. Every such statement of response is presented with the chairman of the arbitration panel within 150 days of the appointment of the chairman of Hetarbitragepanel. Only after receiving both memories of response or after the 150 -day period is, if this is earlier, the chairman will send the Memories of the answer to the other members of the Arbitragepanel and to the other competent authority.5.5. In the event that the competent authority of one Contracting State fails to submit a statement of response within the period as determined in paragraph 5.4., The chairman of the Arbitragepanel informs the Contracting State that any response that is not received within an additional period of 7 days, informs will not be taken by the arbitrators.5.6. As far as possible, the arbitrators and video conferences will use to communicate with each other and with both competent authorities. If a face-to-face meeting involves additional costs, the chairman will contact the competent authority contact that will decide where and when the meeting should continue, and this information giving to the arbitrators.5.7. The Arbitragepanel chooses as its statement one of the proposed solutions for the case, presented by the competent authorities for each issue and for all threshold issues, without adding an reasoning or other explanation of the ruling. The arbitralialious quotation is assumed by the common majority of the arbitratorsThe arbitral ruling is written in writing The competent authorities of the Contracting States within a period of 90 days after receipt by the arbitrators of the last response or, if no response, within 180 days of the appointment of the chairman of the Arbitragepanel . The arbitralious speech has no precedent effect.5.8. (A) If, within a period of 60 days after the appointment of the chairman of the arbitration panel, the competent authorities agree with regard to a certain case to use the approach as described in this paragraph, Danzal Every competent authority to the arbitration panel and to the other competent authority all the information provisions it considers necessary for the panel to arrive at a decision, within a period of 120 days after this agreement. That information must contain a description of the facts and the unsolved issues of which a decision must be made, together with the position of the competent authority of loved issues and the arguments that support that position. Unless the competent authorities decide mutualers, the arbitration panel may not take into account all information that has not been available for both competent authorities before the request for arbitration (or a copy thereof) was received by the competent authorities. Note to submit the information as described in sub paragraph (a) within the period as determined in this sub paragraph, the chairman of the arbitration panel informs the competent authority of the Contracting State that if a proposed position is not submitted within a additional period of 7 days, the arbitration panel the position submitted by the other -authorized authority will choose if its ruling. (C) The competent authority that has received the written request for arbitration, the applicant for arbitration must notify the approach to the agreement as described in this Paragraa f within a period of 7 days after the agreement was reached (if the written request for arbitration shows that it was also sent to the other competent authority, the notification will be provided by the competent authority of the jurisdiction of which the applicant for arbitration is a resident) . The applicant for arbitration may, either directly or via its representatives, submit his position in writing to the arbitrators to the same extent as it is possible during the procedure of mutual consultation. All the written material that was prepared by the applicant for arbitration or his representatives is presented to Dearbiters by the competent authorities. This material is only presented to the arbitrators if they are delivered to both competent authorities within 120 days of the notification to which reference is made to the firstzin of this sub section. (D) within 30 days after the chairman has raised the competent authorities that The arbitration panel will have to meet, decide the competent authorities and when this meeting will continue and pass this information on to the arbitrators. The arbitrators decide on the issues subject to arbitration in accordance with the applicable provisions of the agreement, as amended by the Convention, and, without prejudice to those provisions, with the provisions of the national legislation of the Contracting States. The arbitrators also consider other sources that the competent authorities of the Contracting States can explicitly indicate. - and the rules of evidence that they consider necessary to make a ruling on the unsolved issues subject to arbitration. (G) Unless the competent authorities agree together, the arbitral ruling is made in writing to the competent authorities of the Contracting States within a period of 365 days after the date of appointment of the chairman, stating the sources of law that are due to the ruling and the reasoning that Ertoegleid has. The arbitrary statement is assumed by the common majority of the arbitrators. The arbitralial conspiracy has no precedent effect.5.9. When, at any time after a request for Arbitragewerd submitted and before the arbitration panel has ordered its ruling to the competent authorities, a judicial instance or administrative court of one of the Contracting States has made a ruling on the issue, the arbitration procedure is terminated .Del6. - Communication of information and confidentiality 6.1Before acting in an arbitration procedure car, each arbitrator agrees in writing to comply with and to submit to the confidentiality and confidentiality provisions of Article 26 of the Agreement and of the applicable national legislation of the Contracting States. If an arbitrator uses employees when carrying out his duty, each employee must make a similar written statement.6.2. When a competent authority becomes aware of infringement by a arbitrator and/or their employee on the confidentiality and confidentiality obligation as referred to in paragraph 6.1., She immediately brings this the attention of the other arbitrators and the competent authority of the other Contracting State. The competent authorities then decide jointly, on the basis of the specific facts and circumstances of the case and the infringement, on the course of action and can, for example: (a) cancel and replace the person concerned; (b) (b) terminate the arbitration procedure and a new arbitration panel adjustments ; or (c) declare the arbitral ruling invalid if a ruling has already been made.6.3. although to start with the arbitration procedure, each person who has submitted the case must agree to no information that they are in the running of dearbitrage procedure, whether or have received from the competent authorities or from the arbitration panel, to make it known to any other person.6.4. When a person who has submitted the case or one of his advisers the agreement as referred to in paragraph 6.3. Matterally does not comply with any time after a request for arbitration has been submitted and before the arbitration panel has its ruling to the competent authorities, the procedure for mutual consultation in which the agreement prevents, and the arbitration procedure with regard to the case, is terminated.6.5. Before the Chairman is appointed, the competent authorities send all correspondence to both arbitrators simultaneously.6.6.Nadat the chairman has been appointed, unless the competent authorities and the chairman come together jointly, the competent authorities send all correspondence to the chairman (with a copy of the other competent authority ). The chairman sends all correspondence from the arbitrators to the competent authorities simultaneously to both competent authorities.6.7. Except with regard to administrative or logistics matters, no arbitrator ex parte communicates with a competent authority about the case of mutual consultation that resulted in the arbitration procedure.6.8. Any communication, except for administrative or logistics matters, between the arbitrators and the competent authority's change in writing. Unless the competent authorities agree otherwise, written communication is permitted by email insofar as appropriate measures are taken to keep the confidentiality of any information that the taxpayer could identify. For each correspondence die is not sent via email, exprespost or priority post or a courier service is used.6.9. There may not be any substantive discussions without the presence of the three arbitrators.6.10. Single when permitted under paragraph 5.8. (c), does not communicate any arbitrator on business or issues submitted to the arbitration panel with (a) the person who has submitted the case; (b) any other person whose tax liability could be directly influenced by (one of) the Contracting States by a mutual agreement of the case; or (c) their representatives or agents times or after the arbitration procedure.6.11. After the termination of the arbitration procedure, each arbitrator must immediately destroy all documents or other receipts in connection with the procedure. 7. - Operational Procedures7.1. In addition to the extent necessary, the arbitration panel may set additional procedures that are necessary for performing its work, provided that these procedures are not contrary to a determination of part VI of the Convention or Article 25 of the Agreement , as amended by Article 16 of the Convention.7.2. If the Arbitragepanel sets additional procedures, the Chairman and submits a written copy thereof to the competent authorities. These procedures are only applied when both competent authorities mutually agree with it. Part 8. - Costs8.1Unless the competent authorities jointly agree: (a), each competent authorities bear the person who has requested arbitration the costs related to their own participation in dearbitration procedure (including the travel costs and costs related to the preparation and presentation do his views); b) All other costs related to the arbitration procedure are equally supported by both competent authorities.8.2. The competent authorities jointly determine the reimbursement of the arbitrators in the procedures in accordance with this memorandum or understanding with: (a) expenses of the arbitrators per person per meeting, preparation day or travel day; (b) the reimbursement of the arbitrators; and (c) restrictions on the total amount of the reimbursement to be paid. Each arbitrator is reimbursed for a maximum of three preparation days, two meeting days and travel days. If the arbitration panel believes that more time is needed to consider the case of thoroughly, the chairman must contact the competent authorities to request extra time. Part9. - The non-components of the ruling collect the required term 9.1. If the ruling was not committed to the competent authorities within the period as determined in paragraph 5.7. or subsection 5.8. (g), depending on the case, or within any other period that was agreed with the competent authorities, the reimbursements of each arbitrator are limited to an amount that the competent authorities agreed by the time. In this case, the competent authorities can jointly appoint new arbitrators in accordance with Article 20 of the Convention and Part 4 of DitMorandum or Understanding. The date of such a joint decision to appoint new arbitrators, with a view to the later application of Article 20 of the Convention and part 4 of this Memorandum or Understanding, deemed to be the date on which the request for arbitration was received by both competent authorities. Part 10. - Final ruling10.1. If a definitive ruling of the judicial authorities of one of the Contracting States means that the arbitral pronunciation tongue isig, the arbitral ruling is not binding on the Contracting States. In such a case, the request for arbitration as referred to in paragraph 1 of Article 19 of the Convention is not deemed to have not been submitted, and the arbitration procedure is deemed not to have taken place (what the application of Article 21 (confidentiality of the arbitration procedure) and Article 25 ( Costs of the arbitration procedure) of the Convention and parts 6 and 8 of this memorandum or understanding). In the same case, the person who has submitted a request for arbitration may be a new request for arbitration indoors, which will be accepted unless the competent authorities jointly agree that the actions of that person or his representatives were the main reason for the invalidation of the arbitral verdict.10.2. It is agreed that part II) of Sb paragraph B) of paragraph 4 of Article 19 of the Convention must be applied if, according to the national legislative of a Contracting State, a judicial authority has invalidated the arbitrary ruling on the basis of a procedural error or a other error or other behavior that has substantially affected the outcome of Dearbitration Procedure, including: (a) a violation of the impartial or independence requirements applicable to arbitrators under Article 20 of the Convention and part 4 of this memorandum or understanding; (B); an infringement of the confidentiality requirements of application to arbitrators under Article 21 of the Convention and part 6 of this memorandum or understanding; (c) any other omission to meet the procedural requirements as provided for in part of the treaties of this memorandum or understanding; or (d) conspiracy between the person who has submitted the request for the mutual consultation procedure and one of the Contracting States.10.3. It is agreed that an arbitral ruling can only be declared invalid on the basis of part 10 of this memorandum of the Basic consists of the national legislation of the Contracting States. 11. - Implementation of the arbitral ruling11.1. The competent authorities will perform the arbitral ruling within 180 days after the ruling was delivered to them, by agreeing to the case that has lived up to arbitration.As determined in Article 36 (entry into force of part VI) of the Convention, the provisions of part VI (arbitration) of the Convention are applicable with regard to matters submitted to the competent authority of a Contracting State on or after the last of the data on which the Convention has entered into force for each of the agreement -concluding States. Part 13. - Reservation with regard to the scope of the goods that are eligible for arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the Convention of the Convention13.1. Pursuant to the sub -paragraph) of paragraph 2 of Article 28 of the Convention, the following reservations were made with regard to the scope of the cases that are eligible for arbitration in accordance with the provisions of part VI of the Convention: (a) the right retains the right before to exclude the scope of part VI of the Convention, every case as far as there is the application of the general anti -abuse provisions of Australia, which are included in part IVA of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1936 and section 67 of the Fringe Benefits Tax AssessmentAct 1986. Australia also reserves the right to extend the scope of the exclusion for the common anti -abuse provisions of Australia to all provisions that replace, change or update those rules. Australia informs the Depository of the Convention of all such provisions that includes important changes. Part 14. - Application and termination14.1. DitMorandum or Understanding will apply to 3 March 2021 and continues to apply until it is terminated by one of the competent authorities by sending written statements at least 6 months in advance to the other competent authority.14.2. Arbitrages that have started before the termination date will be concluded in accordance with this memorandum or understanding. Detached in Sydney/Brussels on March 3, 2021th the previous one represents the agreement between the competent authorities and is not a treaty.Publication: 2021-05-18NUMAC: 2021031412Federal Public Service Home Affairs 9 December 2019.-Act amending the General Customs and Excise Act of 18 July 1977 and the Code of Tax on the added value to convert Directive (EU) 2017/ 1371. - German translation below is the German translation of the law of December 9 ,2019 amending the General Customs and Excise Act of 18 July 1977 and the Code of the Tax on the added value to conversion of Directive (EU) 2017/1371 ( Belgian Official Gazette of December 18, 2019, add. Of January 9, 2020). This translation was drawn up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.9. DEZINJEids 2019 - Gesetz Zur Abänderungdes Allgemeinen Gesetzes vom 18. July 1977 über Zölle undt akzisen und des Mehrwertsteuergesetzbucheszur umsetzung of the Richthlinie (eu) 2017/1371philippe, all Gegen Navigengen, Gegen Naarped's Belgiangen, all Gegen Navigengengen, Gegen Navigengengen, Gegen Navertengen any navigars, navigen navigengengen, whogargen's unguar ogen Belgians' arden, : Kapitel 1 - Allgemeine Bestimmungen article 1 - Vorliegendes Gesetzregelt Eine In Article 74 of the Verwähnte Angelegenheit.art. 2 - Vorliegenendes Gesetzient der Teilumsetzung der Directline (EU) 2017/1371 des Europäischen Parlaments und des rates vom 5.juli 2017 über die criminal rights bekämpfung von Gegen those finanzialles of the all -tempered teethen visdeten voäderden virtestemen gesetmiten voordeten geshadeten geshadeten geshadeten geshadeten geshadeten geshadeten geshadeten geshadeten geshadeten geshadeten gesette geshadeten gesette gesette gesetes virtes virtes virtes virteses virtes virtes virtes virtes virtes virtes virtes virtes virtes virtes virtes virtes virtes virtes virtes virtes virtes vetereten tangenetes goseton über Zölle und Akzisenart.3 - Article 115 § 1 of the Allgemeins Gesetzes vom 18. July 1977 über Zölle und Akzisen, Abgeändertdurch das sets vom 12. Mai 2014, wird who folgtanmeldungen: "§ der falsche Festestellt, gelten im falle more reasons of reasons that were punished, who are punished, which in Article 220 bis 225, 227, 229 und 230 Beziehungsweise in Article 231 Erwähnt Zind. "Art.4 - Article 202 Desselben Gesetzes, ERSETZT DASS GESETZ VOM. Zoetzt Abgeändertdurch das Gesetz vom 21. Dezember 2009, Wird durch einen paragraphs 3 mit folgendem wortlaut ergänzt: "§ 3 - haben in § 1 pea persons den Verstoß in Incitretian Abs Coses, sie darüber hinaus mit einer fiber criminal von eight tagen bis zu einem monat was punished. Habenin § 1 pairs of persons den Verstoß in Inciter Absicht und those finanzialles of the Europischen union vaafe vettzt were vaafe vetzt vaafe vettzt vaafe vetzt vaafe vettzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vaafe vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vetzt vettzt vetzt. Those finanzialles interests of the Europäischen Union müssen auf Jedenfall as Schwer Verht Angesehen, Wenn der Schaden Mehr were as 100,000 EUR Bewrägt. "Art.5 - Article 220 § 2 Desselben Gesetzes, Ersetzt durch das Gesetz vom, June 2013, Absatz mit folgendem wortlaut ergänzt: "Those finanzialles interests of the Europäischen Unionmüssen auf jeden fall as Schwer levezt angesehen, wenn der damage mehr as 100,000 EUR Bewrägt." Art.6 - in Article 228 Douches Gesetzes, Mharii 2014, that Wörter "Wird Nicht Auferlegt, Wenn Die Designgnahme Zwischen Fünf Uhr morning und Neun Uhr Abends Auf den In article 57 Absatz 1 Erwähnten Straßen Und Wegolgt Ist, Wenn sie bei einfuhr auf dem landwegam ort, an dem die who erste stelle lies, virgenoms are astst Oder im allgeinen "durch die wörter" wirdim allgemeign. 7 - In Article 229 Desselben, Die Wörter "in Abweichung von Article 228 Wird who fought Durch Die Wörter" Die Gefängnisprafewird "ERSETZT.ART. 8 - Article 256 Desselben Gesetzes, Zoetzt Abgeändert durch das Gesetzvom 12. Mai 2014, wird who folgt ersetzt: "Art. 256 - § 1 - EUR liegendarf, were Geahndet: 1. Wendendungen Ausländischer were unter's clause as a Derbesondenen Verwendung, who Ihnen Gemäß der Endgültigen einfuhr bei der Verwaltung abgegebenannon's stuendung, gene geenlagrigtje zugoedgtungen, who is a gender -geenlagrangs of geenlaggregton ,2. Vorgänge mit dem Ziel, Merkmaleoder Eigenschaften der erwähnten Waren zu entfernen oder zu verleihen, deren Vorhandensein oder Nichtvorhandenseinbei der endgültigen Einfuhr zur Anwendung einer günstigeren Steuerregelung geführt hat, als wenn dieseMerkmale oder Eigenschaften nicht vorhanden beziehungsweise vorhanden gewesen wären.Darüberhinaus sind die hinterzogenen Akzisen zu Intraicht. § 2 - Haben Zuwiderhandelnde Die in § 1 Erwähnten Verstöße in Betrügerischer Absicht Oder zu beghen Versucht, Weresie Darüber Hinaus mit einer Gefängnispoafe von P.If violations in § 1 have committed violations in fraudulent intentions and seriously violated the financial interest of the European Union, they will be punished with a prison sentence from four months to coincidence. Damage is more than 100,000 EUR. "Art. 9- in Article 257 of the same law, modified by the law of April 25, 2014, are" assigned "the word between the word and the words", the words "or Trying "Insert.Art. 10 - In Article 259 of the same law, the last paragraph is replaced as follows:" The contradictory is also punished with a prison sentence of eight to thirty days. will be punished for four months to five years of age. Ender European Union must be considered seriously injured in any case if the damage is more than 100,000 EUR. "Chapter 3 - Changes of the VAT Code. Paragraph with the following wording adds: "In any case, tax evasion is considered serious if violations mentioned in paragraph 1 are connected to the territory of at least two member states and comprises a total damage of at least EUR 10,000,000 Article 73nonies inserted with the following wording: "Art.73nonies - the attempt to commit a violation mentioned in Article 73 (3), is with a prison sentence of eight days up to three years and with a fines of 26 to 50,000 Euroders with just one of these Penalties occupied. "Art. 13 - In the same code, an Article73decies with the following wording is inserted: "Art. 73decies - If the violation of 324BIS of the Criminal Code was committed in Art. and with a fine of EUR 5,000 to 500,000 or with just one of these punishments. "We manufacture the in the present law and order that it provided with the state seal and published by the Belgian state newspaper. Because of: Dervice Prime Minister and Minister of Finance. De Croomit provided the state seal: Derminister of the Justice, k. Geese