Publication: 2021-10-13Numac: 2021021956Federal Public Service Social Security 19 September 2021.-Royal Decree amending the Royal Decree of 26 January 2021 implementing Article 37, § 16bis, first paragraph, and fourth paragraph, of the Act on compulsory insurance for medical care and benefits, coordinated on July 14, 1994, for oxy concentrators for oxygen therapy during the COVID-19 crisis, king of the Belgians, to all who are now and will be here, our regards.geletop the law concerning the mandatory insurance for medical care and benefits, coordinating top 14 July 1994, Article 37, § 16bis, first paragraph, 3 °, inserted by the Program Act (i) of 27 December 2006, and fourth paragraph, inserted by the Program Act (i) of December 27, 2006. Get the advice of the Committee of the Insurance for Medical Care, given on 14 June 2021; Given the advice of the Finan Inspector ciën, given on July 22, 2021; Having regard to the agreement of the State Secretary for Budget of 11 August 2021; Having regard to the request for advice within30 days, which was submitted to the Council of State on 16 August 2021, applying Article 84, § 1, in application of Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 2 ° of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973; predominantly the advice was not communicated within that period; in view of Article 84, § 4, second member, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973; We decided on the nomination of the Minister of Social Affairs, and we decide: Article 1. The Annex added to the Royal Decree of 26 January 2021 implementing Article 37, § 16bis, first paragraph, 3 ° , and fourth paragraph, of the Mandatory Insurance for Primary Care and Benefit, coordinated on July 14, 1994, with regard to oxy concentrators for vooruurstop therapy during the COVID-19 crisis is supplemented as follows1 ° Installati E by the supplier Installation par le Fournisseur 2 ° A) Rental money/maintenance and humidifier for one -time user location/Entretienet Humidifier à Usage Unique I II II Rental money and maintenance Location et Entretien Futer usual usage unique cat. Namingdénomination code Reimbursement-Base Base The Remash Cash-Ment Code Reimbursement-Based REM Cash collision-ment Code Reimbursement-Base Base The Remash-Mentaoxy Concentrator Vision Aire 5-Axisage concentrator Vision Aire 5 (AirSEP Corporation) 907-925 5.51 0.00 0.00 art. 2. This decision comes into effect the day on which the Belgian Official Gazette is announced.art.3. The Minister competent for Social Affairs is responsible for the implementation of this decision. Brussels, September 19, 2021.Filip van Koningswege: the vice-teaching ministants Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health, f. VandenbrouckePublication: 2021-09-30numac: 2021021967federal Public Health Service, Safety of the Food Chain and Leefmilieu26 September 2021.-Royal Decree to amend the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for an exceptional federal financial allowance to The hospitals in the context of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemiekerslag on the Koningsire, the design of the Royal Decree that I have the honor of submitting your Majesty to signing, the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 determines the further rules for The interpretation of an exceptional federal financial allowance to the hospitals in the Framework to supplement the COVID-19 Epidemia (hereinafter: KB UFFT) and to make various technical adjustments to this. The main additions relate to:- a temporal expansion naar The second semester 2020 of certain allowances (allowances with regard to the descending activity and the additional activities of care providers). There is also an end date for the additional cost charges and the availability faat, namely 30 September 2021;-a material expansion of the allowances by providing a contribution to the hospitals for 2020, taking into account the missed income from personal shares of patients and patients because of patients who are not connected via an insurance institution. For the independent care providers financed by Honoraria, there is a plan for the period in which the hospitals were in phase 2b of the 'Surge Capacity' plan. The incentive premium for the Doctors-Specialistin Training (ASO) and the General Practitioners-in-Training (HAIO) in Hospital Internship, in accordance with the premium for the hospital staff as provided for in Article 74undecies of the Royal Decree of 25 April2002 on determination and the Vere FFEEN OF THE BUCKET OF FINANCIAL REGULATIONS OF THE HOSPITALS. The allowance for the ASO is split into three parts: the guarantee for the basic compensation, a monthly gross premium of EUR 250 and the distribution of a hospital -wide envelope. These last two also apply to the Haio in Hospital Internship;- A number of control measures are being explicit, or, with regard to extensions to the second semester, more strongly anchored. Articles 1 and 9 provide an allowance for the months of October to December 2020 for the Independent care providers funded by fees who have carried out other activities within the hospital on his own initiative or at the request of the chief doctor as a result of the "Hopsital & Transportsurge Capacity" committee in this period. The design of this financing is to know an amount in proportion to the deployment shown. Article 2 describes which personnel costs are covered with allowances in the context of the KB UFFT.ikel 3 contains a few technical adjustments and records an end date for the flat -rate reimbursements at 30 September 2021. article4 contains technical corrections and in an expansion of the allowances:- Single-for-voorfaitary compensation is provided for the missed income of hospitals from invoicing the patient on the basis of the tariff regulation of health insurance. After all, these are the health insurance policy in the logicavan part of the reimbursement for the operating costs of the hospitals;-- an intervention is provided to cover the missed revenues for care to patients who are not affiliated with an insurance institution- the foreseen compensions are extended the second Semester 2020. If it appears that certain ASO and Haio that are borne by the hospital were not paid, these amounts can be deducted from the warranty on the payments of the following semester. Item 5 clarifies in which settlement items are included in Article 6 Various extensions and clarifications are included:-Based allowances are extended to the Haio who were eligible in hospital internships during the period of time--the term 'doctors' specialists' is replaced by' care provider-financed by Honoraria 'in view of the allowance for the benefit of all Zorgverle Ners financed Doorhonoraria involved in the activity. .- The reference to the allowance for the benefits guarantees is corrected;- the allowance included in Article 6, §3, E) of the KB UFFT is expanded, refined and split into three parts:- The first unit still relates to basic reimbursement for ASOHere it is clarified that it will be the ASO that is charged to an independent doctor, to avoid a double financing. After all, some ASO are paid through the payments on the fees, in which it is met in Article 4, § 3, of the KB UFFT, and other ASO for their basic reimbursements are proceeds from a third party (Defense, Academic or Scientific Institution, financed via a fair ). The purpose of this allowance is primarily to guarantee the basic allowance. The applicant remains a residual balance, this must be used to comply with the other contractual obligations with regard to ASO and Haio, to the extent that they are charged to an independent doctor. In particular, it initiates the so -called "variable reimbursements". After all, the 'warranty' aims to limit the fee of the ASO to the basic compensation (the total gross fee per month of 5,000Eur included in the calculation formula covers both the gross cost of the basic reimbursement and of the variable costs). In Article 10 of the Decree, Article 8 of the KB UFFT is amended to clarifying a different use is possible, to the extent that this meets the requirements included in the decisions on condition that the ASO and Haio have obtained their contractually lawful reimbursements. This allegation thus aims to anchor the principle of a 'guarantee' clearer and avoid that this allowance is used to illuminate the 'usual costs' on the fee, without there being a proportional impact on the Honoraria income by the COVID-19 -Pidemie;-the second part must allow every ASO and Haio working in the hospital to provide a gross premium of 250 euros gross per month. If they worked in several hospitals, the payment is made in mutual agreement between these hospitals to ensure that this ASO will only receive the gross amount once paid per month. This is checked in this way on the basis of the reporting system of reporting. A third part consists of an envelope hospital level that, if necessary, finance a share of the variable reimbursements of the ASO and the extra facturations of the Haio financed could be. In addition to this use, which should be limited to the necessary, the design of this allowance for the ASO and Haio that have been used to reimburse an increase in their variable compensation for the ASO, or an additional allowance, regarding the Haio concerns. If it had already been decided in the hospital to grant extra amounts in the context of COVID-19, the surplus with regard to the usual reimbursements may be settled on the envelope. A balance on this envelope must always be used for the benefit of the ASOEN Haio who worked in the hospital during the month concerned: either in the form of a specific compensation for an ASO or Haio to recognize a special deployment or by increasing of the monthly gross premium of all ASO and HAIO.- The allowances in Article 6, a) t.e.M.E) of the KB UFFT are extended to the second semester 2020.- This extension is made the allowances in e) dependent on the respect of the conditions set out to avoid amounts that are not used for the intended purpose. contrary to the distribution principles in the decision -receiving principles were paid by deducting them from the settlement ofh et subsequent semester. Provisions of Article 7 of the KB UFFT more clearly formulated and a limit in time is provided by adding an end date. In Article 9 of the Decree, a new allowance is provided for, namely an "involvement of involvement." This is awarded for the months of October to December 2020 on the basis of the number of reserved beds in phase 2b. This `envelope 'is intended to grant an amount to independent care providers funded Doorhonoraria in the hospital who voluntarily or commissioned by the main doctor The tasks that they usually perform were charged with other tasksIn Article 10 of the amendment decision, a number of clarifications and adjustments are provided:- The allocation of compensation for independent care providers funded by Honoraria takes into account the number of FTEs of the independent care providers with regard to the total number of VTE of care providers financed by Honoraria. This initiates only a clarification of what was meant by the reference to 'share' and the relationship met the requested 'employment rate'-- for the award to the hospital of the permanence honoraria at the level of 2019, it will be charged with Detestion of independent doctors with regard to the FTE of all doctors. This adjustment takes into account that these fees can only be charged by doctors. This is an expansion of the allowance. However, the amount awarded is not reserved for the distribution by Demedic Council or to independent doctors. This amount is, as other amounts for independent care providers, divided between the medical council and the 'ad hoc' organ for other independent care providers financed by Honoraria, in other words between the independent doctors and the independent other care providers financed. After all, it is not an income guarantee, but an allowance for the benefit of both doctors and other healthcare providers funded by fees who took permanences involved COVID-19 period;- a distribution method is provided for the budgets for independent caregivers financed by Honoraria, namely between the Independent doctors and Deneere independent care providers funded by Honoraria. Since the budgets for salary providers financed by fees end up with one decision-making body, namely the hospital, this group does not provide an explicit split for this group. It is clarified that the calculations of the allowances for the ASO and Haio are also leaving from lists supplied by the hospital.-- The granting options to the individual care providers are clearly paid. A hospital that has a positive balance for a given semester, has a negative balance or negative provisional balances from previous semesters. This is to avoid that additional deposits are charged to the health insurance, while amounts are still being recovered. At the time of the final settlement, account is taken of all the last-optional information;- The provision on temporary unemployment is adjusted to approach correctly appropriate cost price of the employee concerned who was set at temporary unemployment. by clarifying on the first two conditions that there may be the intention to pass the costs related to the COVID-19 crisis to the patient. This is not the case if an increase in fee supplements or payments is the result of fixed investment decisions , where the COVID-19 Epidemia has no influence on the origin of the resources and there would have been an increase without the COVID-19 crisis. These terms and conditions with regard to the increases of fee supplements or payments continue to apply ZOLIZER. There are allowances. Article 13 of the Decree adds a new Article 10/1 to the KB UFTT in which it is explicit that the usual check by the file managers of the FPS VVVL and the Department of Medical Evaluation and Control of the RIZIV remains applicable. In view of the amounts of health insurance, amounts can be reclaimed in accordance with the Procedure of Procedure in the Mandatory Insurance Act for Medical Care and Benefits.ikel14 of the Decree provides an entry into force on 12 November 2020, in accordance with the entry into force of the KB UFFT that by the present decision is being amended. I have the honor to be, Sire, Vanuwe Majesteit, the very respectful and very faithful servant, the Minister of Social Sea and Public Health, f. Vandenbroucke26 September 2021. - Royal Decree amending the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for the granting of an exceptional federal financial allowance to the hospitals in the Coronavirus COVID -19 Epidemy pill, King of the Belgians, to All Dienu and afterwards will be, our greetingsIn view of the Constitution, Article 108; Given the coordinated law of 10 July 2008 on hospitals and other care establishments, articles92, 101, first paragraph, 2 °, 105, § 1 and 127; Having regard to Royal Decree No 10 of19 April2020 For the allocation of and the rules for the distribution and liquidation of an advance, the general hospitals in the context of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemia, Article 3/1, inserted by the Royal Decree NrPublication: 2021-09-30numac: 2021021967federal Public Health Service, Safety of the Food Chain and Leefmilieu26 September 2021.-Royal Decree to amend the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for an exceptional federal financial allowance to The hospitals in the context of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemiekerslag on the Koningsire, the design of the Royal Decree that I have the honor of submitting your Majesty to signing, the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 determines the further rules for The interpretation of an exceptional federal financial allowance to the hospitals in the Framework to supplement the COVID-19 Epidemia (hereinafter: KB UFFT) and to make various technical adjustments to this. The main additions relate to:- a temporal expansion naar The second semester 2020 of certain allowances (allowances with regard to the descending activity and the additional activities of care providers). There is also an end date for the additional cost charges and the availability faat, namely 30 September 2021;-a material expansion of the allowances by providing a contribution to the hospitals for 2020, taking into account the missed income from personal shares of patients and patients because of patients who are not connected via an insurance institution. For the independent care providers financed by Honoraria, there is a plan for the period in which the hospitals were in phase 2b of the 'Surge Capacity' plan. The incentive premium for the Doctors-Specialistin Training (ASO) and the General Practitioners-in-Training (HAIO) in Hospital Internship, in accordance with the premium for the hospital staff as provided for in Article 74undecies of the Royal Decree of 25 April2002 on determination and the Vere FFEEN OF THE BUCKET OF FINANCIAL REGULATIONS OF THE HOSPITALS. The allowance for the ASO is split into three parts: the guarantee for the basic compensation, a monthly gross premium of EUR 250 and the distribution of a hospital -wide envelope. These last two also apply to the Haio in Hospital Internship;- A number of control measures are being explicit, or, with regard to extensions to the second semester, more strongly anchored. Articles 1 and 9 provide an allowance for the months of October to December 2020 for the Independent care providers funded by fees who have carried out other activities within the hospital on his own initiative or at the request of the chief doctor as a result of the "Hopsital & Transportsurge Capacity" committee in this period. The design of this financing is to know an amount in proportion to the deployment shown. Article 2 describes which personnel costs are covered with allowances in the context of the KB UFFT.ikel 3 contains a few technical adjustments and records an end date for the flat -rate reimbursements at 30 September 2021. article4 contains technical corrections and in an expansion of the allowances:- Single-for-voorfaitary compensation is provided for the missed income of hospitals from invoicing the patient on the basis of the tariff regulation of health insurance. After all, these are the health insurance policy in the logicavan part of the reimbursement for the operating costs of the hospitals;-- an intervention is provided to cover the missed revenues for care to patients who are not affiliated with an insurance institution- the foreseen compensions are extended the second Semester 2020. If it appears that certain ASO and Haio that are borne by the hospital were not paid, these amounts can be deducted from the warranty on the payments of the following semester. Item 5 clarifies in which settlement items are included in Article 6 Various extensions and clarifications are included:-Based allowances are extended to the Haio who were eligible in hospital internships during the period of time--the term 'doctors' specialists' is replaced by' care provider-financed by Honoraria 'in view of the allowance for the benefit of all Zorgverle Ners financed Doorhonoraria involved in the activity. .- The reference to the allowance for the benefits guarantees is corrected- The allowance included in Article 6, §3, E) of the KB UFFT is expanded, refined and split into three parts:- The first part still relates to basic reimbursement for the ASO. Here it is clarified that it will be the ASO that is charged to an independent doctor, to avoid a double financing. After all, some ASO are paid through the payments on the fees, in which it is met in Article 4, § 3, of the KB UFFT, and other ASO for their basic reimbursements are proceeds from a third party (Defense, Academic or Scientific Institution, financed via a fair ). The purpose of this allowance is primarily to guarantee the basic allowance. The applicant remains a residual balance, this must be used to comply with the other contractual obligations with regard to ASO and Haio, to the extent that they are charged to an independent doctor. In particular, it initiates the so -called "variable reimbursements". After all, the 'warranty' aims to limit the fee of the ASO to the basic compensation (the total gross fee per month of 5,000Eur included in the calculation formula covers both the gross cost of the basic reimbursement and of the variable costs). In Article 10 of the Decree, Article 8 of the KB UFFT is amended to clarifying a different use is possible, to the extent that this meets the requirements included in the decisions on condition that the ASO and Haio have obtained their contractually lawful reimbursements. This allegation thus aims to anchor the principle of a 'guarantee' clearer and avoid that this allowance is used to illuminate the 'usual costs' on the fee, without there being a proportional impact on the Honoraria income by the COVID-19 -epidemic-The second part must allow every ASO and Haio working in the hospital to provide a gross premium of 250 euros gross per month. If they worked in several hospitals, the payment is made in mutual agreement between these hospitals to ensure that this ASO will only receive the gross amount once paid per month. This is checked in this way on the basis of the reporting system of reporting. A third part consists of an envelope hospital level that, if necessary, finance a share of the variable reimbursements of the ASO and the extra facturations of the Haio financed could be. In addition to this use, which should be limited to the necessary, the design of this allowance for the ASO and Haio that have been used to reimburse an increase in their variable compensation for the ASO, or an additional allowance, regarding the Haio concerns. If it had already been decided in the hospital to grant extra amounts in the context of COVID-19, the surplus with regard to the usual reimbursements may be settled on the envelope. A balance on this envelope must always be used for the benefit of the ASOEN Haio who worked in the hospital during the month concerned: either in the form of a specific compensation for an ASO or Haio to recognize a special deployment or by increasing of the monthly gross premium of all ASO and HAIO.- The allowances in Article 6, a) t.e.M.E) of the KB UFFT are extended to the second semester 2020.- This extension is made the allowances in e) dependent on the respect of the conditions set out to avoid amounts that are not used for the intended purpose. contrary to the distribution principles in the decision -receiving principles were paid by deducting them from the settlement ofh et subsequent semester. Provisions of Article 7 of the KB UFFT more clearly formulated and a limit in time is provided by adding an end date. In Article 9 of the Decree, a new allowance is provided for, namely an "involvement of involvement." This is awarded for the months of October to December 2020 on the basis of the number of reserved beds in phase 2b. This `envelope 'is intended to grant an amount to independent care providers funded Doorhonoraria in the hospital who voluntarily or commissioned by the main doctor The tasks that they usually perform were charged with other tasks. In Article 10 of the amendment decision, a number of clarifications and adjustments are provided:- The allocation of allowance to independent care providers funded by fees take into account the number of FTE of the independent care providers with regard to the total Number of FTE from healthcare providers funded by Honoraria. This initiates only a clarification of what was meant by the reference to 'share' and the relationship met the requested 'employment rate'-- for the award to the hospital of the permanence honoraria at the level of 2019, it will be charged with Detestion of independent doctors with regard to the FTE of all doctors. This adjustment takes into account that these fees can only be charged by doctors. This is an expansion of the allowance. However, the amount awarded is not reserved for the distribution by Demedic Council or to independent doctors. This amount is, as other amounts for independent care providers, divided between the medical council and the 'ad hoc' organ for other independent care providers financed by Honoraria, in other words between the independent doctors and the independent other care providers financed. After all, it is not an income guarantee, but an allowance for Voordelevan both doctors and other healthcare providers funded by fees who cared for permanences involved COVID-19 period- A distribution method is provided for the budgets for independent care providers funded by fees, namely between independent doctors and the Deandere care providers funded by fees. Since the budgets for salary providers financed by fees end up with one decision-making body, namely the hospital, this group does not provide an explicit split for this group. It is clarified that the calculations of the allowances for the ASO and Haio are also leaving from lists supplied by the hospital.-- The granting options to the individual care providers are clearly paid. A hospital that has a positive balance for a given semester, has a negative balance or negative provisional balances from previous semesters. This is to avoid that additional deposits are charged to the health insurance, while amounts are still being recovered. At the time of the final settlement, account is taken of all the last-optional information;- The provision on temporary unemployment is adjusted to approach correctly appropriate cost price of the employee concerned who was set at temporary unemployment. by clarifying on the first two conditions that there may be the intention to pass the costs related to the COVID-19 crisis to the patient. This is not the case if an increase in fee supplements or payments is the result of fixed investment decisions , where the COVID-19 Epidemia has no influence on the origin of the resources and there would have been an increase without the COVID-19 crisis. These terms and conditions with regard to the increases of fee supplements or payments continue to apply ZOLIZER. There are allowances. Article 13 of the Decree adds a new Article 10/1 to the KB UFTT in which it is explicit that the usual check by the file managers of the FPS VVVL and the Department of Medical Evaluation and Control of the RIZIV remains applicable. In view of the amounts of health insurance, amounts can be reclaimed in accordance with the Procedure of Procedure in the Mandatory Insurance Act for Medical Care and Benefits.ikel14 of the Decree provides an entry into force on 12 November 2020, in accordance with the entry into force of the KB UFFT that by the present decision is being amended. I have the honor to be, Sire, Vanuwe Majesteit, the very respectful and very faithful servant, the Minister of Social Sea and Public Health, f. Vandenbroucke26 September 2021. - Royal Decree amending the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for the granting of an exceptional federal financial allowance to the hospitals in the Coronavirus COVID -19 Epidemy pill, King of the Belgians, to All Dienu are and hereinafter, our greeting on the Constitution, Article 108; Given the coordinated law of 10 July 2008 on hospitals and other care establishments, articles92, 101, first paragraph, 2 °, 105, § 1 and 127; At the Royal Decree No 10 of 19 April 2020 for the allocation and rules for the distribution and liquidation of an advance, the general hospitals in the context of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemia, Article 3/1, inserted by Royal Decree No. 35 of 24 June 2020, ratified by the law of 24 December 2020; in view of the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for the award of an exceptional federal financial allowance to the hospitals in the context of the Coronaviruscovid-19 epidemic; in view of the advice of the Federal Hospital Facilities Council, given on 12 November 2020; in view of Article 8 of the Act of 15 December 2013 concerning diverse provisions Administrative simplification, this decision is exempt from a regulatory impact analysis. The urgency motivated by the need to give the hospitals a clear picture as quickly as possible with regard to their rights for the 2020s and 2021 on the advances and possibly benefits; in view of the inspector's advice of Finance, given on 23 August2021; Having regard to the approval of the State Secretary for Budget, given on 7 September2021In view of the Commission Decree of 20 December 2011 on the application of article 106 (2) of the Treaty on the Function of the European Union on state aid of compensation for the public service, granted to the provisions of services of services of general economic importance taxed companies; in view of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated top 12 January 1973, Article 3, § 1; Having regard to the urgent necessity; Mostly in the context of legal certainty, hospitals must take a clear picture as quickly as possible with regard to their rights before the 2020s and 2021 on the advances and possibly additional means; organization again to be able to keep up with the evolutions in the regular care questions; that they must be able to release and use their own resources or to be available to funds from investors or banks to supplement the audience medels; whereas the COVID-19 support measures for various other sectors on September 30, 2021; Whereas the COVID-19 stabilizes crisis and we are evolving to a state where it becomes a normal state that COVID-19 patients are included in hospitals, without this still the entire organization of those hospitals will influence; overwe that it is therefore necessary that the allowances for the hospital sector also run on September 30, 2021 in a context of equal treatment, all the more so these allowances no longer correspond to proportional costs; Present changes in this provision in the contemporaryity; as well as any other care providers who leave the hospital; mostly the hospitals, certain revenues with a source other than the health insurance policy, namely these affiliated with the personal share of the patient and these with regard to patients who are not affiliated with an insurance institution, as referred to in the Law of 14 July 1994 concerned compulsory insurance for medical care and benefits; that this income from a delogica of the compulsory health insurance is a functional complement in the compensation of the working costs of the hospitals and is necessary to ensure continuity in care capacity; predominantly modified during the period from July to September 2020, the resumption of the normal hospital activity was limited Because of the arrested sanitary measures and the continued measures to keep an overs hospital capacity available to be able to accommodate a possible revival of the epidemic; that from October 2020 there was a strong revival of the epidemic and that a scaling up of the COVID-19 capacity was carried out In the context of the Surge Capacity Plan based on the different phases, provided by the `Hospital & Transport Surge Capacity 'committee, which meant that hospitals and hospital care providers had to focus on care for COVID-19 patients and to restrict himself for the rest of the patient n who needed non-adjustable and urgent care; that new wave also occurred from mid -March 2021; whereas this health crisis brings enormous pressure for the care providers who continue to commit to the needs to the needs again and again; that by the Royal Decree of 14 December 2020 amending the Royal Decree of 25 April 2002 on the adoption and liquidation of the budget of financial resources of the hospitals, an exceptional incentive premium is provided for employees on the Payroll of a hospital, as well as to every interim staff member and on the Personeelatat has been made by a provincial or local government service or by another entity to a hospital; And that measures are taken through this present decision to also provide fair support with the Doctors specialists in Training (ASO) and the General Practitioners-in-Training (Haio) in the hospital and of the independent care providers who remain involved in hospital care , but undergo a thorough change in their computing as a result of the current contextOn the nomination of the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health and on the advice of the Meeting Meminers in the Council, we have decided and we decide: Article 1. In Article 1, sole paragraph, of the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further Rules for the allocation of an exceptional federal financial allowance to the hospitals in the context of the Coronaviruscovid-19 Epidemia, the provision under 4 ° is replaced as follows: "4 ° the impact of the obligatory reservation of a percentage of the capacity of hospital beds for COVID -19 Care on the activity of the care providers financed by fees, or because they remain obliged to remain available for this reserved capacity due to their employability for COVID-19 Care, or because of this reorganization of the care capacity, other tasks perform at the hospital-level dan . ". Art. 2. In Article 2, § 2 of the same decision, the provision under b) is replaced as follows: "b) additional personnel costs, in particular additional staffing set within a cost center between 020 and 899 as provided for in the Royal Decree of 14 August1987 providing determination of The minimum classification of the general accounting system for hospitals, overophet regular staff, and with the exception of both the sampling staff and the support staff financed by the Healthcare Personnel Fund, established implementation of the Law of 9 December 2019 in addition, will also be introduced; Also other additional personnel costs for the allowance, which are, for example, related to additional performance and guard services, in addition to the regular performance and services; ". Art. 3. In Article 3 of the same decision, the following changes are made: 1 ° paragraph 1 is replaced as follows: "§ 1. The flat -rate allowance, intended in Article 2, § 1, for the costs in Article2, § 2, be taken into account, it is recorded as follows: a) For the COVID-19-Care of the hospital, one-off is awarded:-To the general hospitals: an amountper COVID-19 bed that was prepared for COVID-19 care. The number of COVID-19 Beds that are eligible for each hospital is the total of COVID-19 Beds as laid down in a ministerial decision-to the psychiatric hospitals: a fixed amount per paid VTE charged to a cost center between 020 and 899; the number paid; VTE is recorded from the Finhosta data for the year2018; b) for care to COVID-19 patients is granted up to and including 30 September 2021:-A amount per nursing day for a COVID-19 patient. This amount differs as it goes To nursing a non-intensive unity and on an intensive unity. During the amount per nursing day on a non-intensive unit, an additional distinction is made between general and psychiatric hospitals. With the amount per nursing day on an intensive unit, an additional distinction is made between patient without respiratory support, with respiratory support and extracorporal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) patients-an amount per patient for the COVID-19 and COVID-19-SUSPPECTIPS who used up falls were seen, as defined by Sciensano; C) for the care of non-COVID-19-Patients is granted for the months in which additional protection measures are applicable in the context of the Coronaviruscovid-19 Epidemia and at the latest up to and including 30 September 2021: a fix that the additional costs on non-Covid-19 services covers. This lump sum is calculated on the basis of the number of VTEs paid from a cost center between 020 and 899. This lump sum can differ between general hospitals and psychiatric hospitals. "; 2 ° paragraph 3 is replaced as follows:" §3. The amounts thus allocated forms post 1 of the provisional settlements provided for in Article 9 of the semester to which they relate. ". Art. 4. In Article 4 of the same decision, the following changes are made: 1 ° paragraph 2 is replaced as follows : "§2. The flat -rate allowances, aimed in the first paragraph, are laid down as follows: 1 ° the budget of financial resources of the hospitals served on January 1, 2020 and applicable for the period of the first semester 2020 is 100 % guaranteed both for patients DIVIA a Insurance institution are affiliated as for patients who are not affiliated with an insurance institution, by an allowance that is equal to the amount that is determined after deduction of the invoices for the first semester of 2020 of the variable part. If this amount is less than zero, the allowance will be set to zero2 ° the budget of the RIZIV agreements is guaranteed, including the personal share of the patient, per type of agreement, by allowance that is calculated on the basis of the amounts applicable for each typevan agreement for the period March, April, May And June 2020, but it is determined on the basis of the activity in the same reference period in the year 2019, as it is included in `Documents FH '2019 of the RIZIV. The allowance is granted after deduction of the invoice for the performance issued in the period March, April, May and June 2020, to the extent that a positive amount remains. Dehonoraria that may be included in those RIZIV agreements are not covered by the guarantee granted; 3 ° The budget is guaranteed for each type of lump sum for the day hospital by a diebered allowance on the basis of the amounts that apply to each type of lump sum for The Periodaart, April, May and June 2020, but determined on the basis of the activity in the same reference period in the year 2019, as it is included in `Documents FH '2019 of the RIZIV. The allowance will be taken after deduction of the invoicing for the performance carried out in the period March, April, May ENJUNI 2020, to the extent that a positive amount remains; 4 ° the budget of the Medicinesforfaits is guaranteed by an allowance, which is calculated on the basis of the applicable Budget for the period March, April, May and June 2020 and will be granted after deduction of the invoications for the Periodaart, April, May and June 2020 of those fixed amounts, insofar as a positive amount remains. "; 2 ° a paragraph 3/ 1 inserted, reading: "§ 3/1. For the period March, April, May and June 2020, a flat -rate allowance is granted to the hospitals in order to take into account the lost income that relates to the amounts that are based on the rating regulation of the compulsory medical in view of the reduction activity care and benefits are the patient's expense. This fixed allowance consists of the following parts: 1 ° An allowance to take into account the reduced departure on the personal shares of the fees as referred to in paragraph 3. This allowance is calculated according to the method applied in paragraph 3 to the part of these Honoraria charged to the patient for the involved period; 2 ° an allowance for the lost lump sum share of the patient's drugs during a admission to general hospitals. This income is guaranteed as a complement on the allowance included in paragraph 2, only paragraph, 4 °, to an amount based on the activity in the 2019 reference period and the amounts applicable in 2020. This allowance is granted after deduction of the invoications of this Personal share in the period March, April, May and June 2020; 3 ° an allowance with which the income with regard to the delivery margin implants and invasive medical devices that are repaid by the mandatory insurance for medical care and benefits for the period March, April, May and June 2020, guaranteed to be an amount based on the volume of these bills during the same period in the year 2019, as included in the `Documents AZV 'of the RIZIV, and the 2020 index and accounting for the established limit amounts. This allowance is granted after deduction of the invoicing of this delivery margin with regard to episodes carried out in the period March, April, Meien June 2020. "; 3 ° a section 3/2 is inserted, reading:" § 3/2. For the period March, April, May and June 2020, a flat-rate allowance is provided to take into account the lost income with regard to care to patients who are not affiliated with an insurance institution (hereinafter: `non-VI patients') as a result of the reduced activity, and this in accordance with the provided allowances included in paragraphs 2, only paragraph 2 ° to 4 °, 3 and 3/1, on the understanding that: - for the calculation of the compensation for non -VI -Patients in accordance with the allowances in paragraph 2 , only paragraph, 2 ° and 3 °, the amount of income for the same period, as referred to in the aforementioned provisions, is multiplied at the activity level of the reference period in 2019 with the percentage of non-VI patients as follows the Finhosta collection 2019 (hereinafter: the % Non-VI 2019). These amounts are allocated to deduction of the product of the 2020 product for the period concerned, as referred to in the corresponding provisions, with the percentage of non-VI patients as follows from the Finhosta data collection 2020 (hereinafter: the % non-VI 2020)-For the calculation of the compensation for non-VI patiently the allowance in paragraph 2, only paragraph, 4 °, it is guaranteed for the same period, it is guaranteed 2020, as referred to in the aforementioned provision, by the % non-VI 2020;-for the calculation of the allowance for non-VI patients in accordance with the allowances in sections 3 and 3/1, only paragraph, 1 °, when applying the steps of paragraph 3, the amount 'invoicing 2020' with regard to the same period is multiplied by the % Non-VI 2020 and the amount` invoicing 2019 'with regard to the corresponding reference period 2019 Multiplied by the% Non-VI 2019;-for the calculation of the allowance for non-VI patients corresponding allowances in paragraph 3/1, single member , 2 ° and 3 °, it is guaranteed for the same period on the basis of these provisions multiplied by the % non-VI 2019. These amounts are allocated deduction of deduction the product of the included invoications for involved period of the allowance, as referred to in the corresponding provisions, with the % non-VI 2020. "; 4 ° paragraph 4 is replaced as follows:" § 4. An allowance is granted for the second Semester2020, according to the same mechanisms as these in paragraphs 2, 3, 3/1 and 3/2, on the understanding that:-In the application of paragraph 2, only paragraph, 1 ° on the one hand the financial resources budget that was proceeded becomes on 1 July 2020 and on the other hand the invoicing of the second semester 2020 taken into account;-in the application of paragraph 2, only paragraph, 2 ° and 3 °, the allowances for the months of the second semester 2020 are calculated on the basis of the amounts applicable during the second semester2020 and based on the activity during the second semester 2019. For the reduction in these provisions with invoications prior to the allocation of the allowance, account will be taken into account e invoicing of the performance carried out during the second semester 2020;- in the application of paragraph 2, only paragraph, 4 °, this allowance is calculated on the basis of the applicable budget for the period of the second semester 2020 and the allowances are granted after deduction of defactation during the period of the second semester 2020 of those fixed-ups;- in the application of paragraphs 3 and 3/1, only member, 1 °, only steps 1 and 3 are repeated, based on the months in the second semester of 2020 where the comparison is carried out with the second semester of the reference year 2019;-if the basic allowance and/or variable allowances of the Doctors-Specialistin Training (ASO) or reimbursements of the GPs-in-training (Haio) are employed in the hospital from the hospital Through the deductions on the fees of the care providers, and the hospital these amounts not or only partially paid out on the ASO or Haio working in the hospital-proof The period March to December 2020 as evidenced by the reporting system referred to in Article 10, first paragraph, 3 °, then the amount of the allowance will be provided for in paragraph 3 before the second semester 2020 reduced by the unpaid amounts for the benefit of this ASO or Haio. Under "Variable fee" the reimbursements for the opting-out, the guard shifts, the permanences, and the so-called "uncomfortable hours";- when applying paragraph3/1, only paragraph, 2 And 3 ° For the calculation of these allowances for the second semester 2020, the corresponding months from 2019 are used as a reference for the activity in combination meter The applicable amounts of during the second semester 2020, whereby also the invoice time the period on which The allowance relates is deducted. ". Art.5. In Article 5 of the same decision, the following changes are made: 1 ° Sections1 and 2 are supplemented with the following sentence respectively: "The same post also contains the corresponding amounts in application of Article 4, § 4."2 ° SamenRraafs 3 and 4 are added, which read as follows: "§ 3. The amount is thus application of article 4, § 3/1, the item 2.c. of the provisional settlements that are stamped in Article 9. The same item also contains the amounts calculated in application of Article 4, § 4. § 4. The amount in this way applies in the application of Article 4, § 3/25, of the provisional settlements laid down in Article 9 The same post also contains the amounts calculated in accordance with Article 4, §4. ". Art. 6. In Article 6 of the same decision, the following changes are made: 1 ° in paragraph 2, the provision under e) is replaced as follows: "e) the guarantee, for the Doctors-Specialistin training (ASO) in the hospital , from the payment of the basic compensation, and the guarantee, for both the Doctors specialists in Training (ASO) and the GPs-in-training (HAIO) in the Hospital of a fair waiting allowance, pro rata the number of permanences performed, and on the other hand of a Reimbursement for their extra activities and extracement costs for the period March, April, May and June2020, both in general and in psychiatric hospitals. " ; 2 ° in the determination) the words "Doctors specialists" are replaced by the words "care providers"; 3 ° in-terms 3, c) and d), the words are "replaced by Article 4, § 4" respectively The words "on the basis of Article 4, § 3"Publication: 2021-09-30numac: 2021021967federal Public Health Service, Safety of the Food Chain and Leefmilieu26 September 2021.-Royal Decree to amend the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for an exceptional federal financial allowance to The hospitals in the context of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemiekerslag on the Koningsire, the design of the Royal Decree that I have the honor of submitting your Majesty to signing, the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 determines the further rules for The interpretation of an exceptional federal financial allowance to the hospitals in the Framework to supplement the COVID-19 Epidemia (hereinafter: KB UFFT) and to make various technical adjustments to this. The main additions relate to:- a temporal expansion naar The second semester 2020 of certain allowances (allowances with regard to the descending activity and the additional activities of care providers). There is also an end date for the additional cost charges and the availability faat, namely 30 September 2021;-a material expansion of the allowances by providing a contribution to the hospitals for 2020, taking into account the missed income from personal shares of patients and patients because of patients who are not connected via an insurance institution. For the independent care providers financed by Honoraria, there is a plan for the period in which the hospitals were in phase 2b of the 'Surge Capacity' plan. The incentive premium for the Doctors-Specialistin Training (ASO) and the General Practitioners-in-Training (HAIO) in Hospital Internship, in accordance with the premium for the hospital staff as provided for in Article 74undecies of the Royal Decree of 25 April2002 on determination and the Vere FFEEN OF THE BUCKET OF FINANCIAL REGULATIONS OF THE HOSPITALS. The allowance for the ASO is split into three parts: the guarantee for the basic compensation, a monthly gross premium of EUR 250 and the distribution of a hospital -wide envelope. These last two also apply to the Haio in Hospital Internship;- A number of control measures are being explicit, or, with regard to extensions to the second semester, more strongly anchored. Articles 1 and 9 provide an allowance for the months of October to December 2020 for the Independent care providers funded by fees who have carried out other activities within the hospital on his own initiative or at the request of the chief doctor as a result of the "Hopsital & Transportsurge Capacity" committee in this period. The design of this financing is to know an amount in proportion to the deployment shown. Article 2 describes which personnel costs are covered with allowances in the context of the KB UFFT.ikel 3 contains a few technical adjustments and records an end date for the flat -rate reimbursements at 30 September 2021. article4 contains technical corrections and in an expansion of the allowances:- Single-for-voorfaitary compensation is provided for the missed income of hospitals from invoicing the patient on the basis of the tariff regulation of health insurance. After all, these are the health insurance policy in the logicavan part of the reimbursement for the operating costs of the hospitals;-- an intervention is provided to cover the missed revenues for care to patients who are not affiliated with an insurance institution- the foreseen compensions are extended the second Semester 2020. If it appears that certain ASO and Haio that are borne by the hospital were not paid, these amounts can be deducted from the warranty on the payments of the following semester. Item 5 clarifies in which settlement items are included in Article 6 Various extensions and clarifications are included:-Based allowances are extended to the Haio who were eligible in hospital internships during the period of time--the term 'doctors' specialists' is replaced by' care provider-financed by Honoraria 'in view of the allowance for the benefit of all Zorgverle Ners financed Doorhonoraria involved in the activity. .- The reference to the allowance for the benefits guarantees is corrected;- the allowance included in Article 6, §3, e) of the KB UFFT is expandedRefined and split into three parts:- The first part still relates to basic reimbursement for the ASO. Here it is clarified that it will be the ASO that is charged to an independent doctor, to avoid a double financing. After all, some ASO are paid through the payments on the fees, in which it is met in Article 4, § 3, of the KB UFFT, and other ASO for their basic reimbursements are proceeds from a third party (Defense, Academic or Scientific Institution, financed via a fair ). The purpose of this allowance is primarily to guarantee the basic allowance. The applicant remains a residual balance, this must be used to comply with the other contractual obligations with regard to ASO and Haio, to the extent that they are charged to an independent doctor. In particular, it initiates the so -called "variable reimbursements". After all, the 'warranty' aims to limit the fee of the ASO to the basic compensation (the total gross fee per month of 5,000Eur included in the calculation formula covers both the gross cost of the basic reimbursement and of the variable costs). In Article 10 of the Decree, Article 8 of the KB UFFT is amended to clarifying a different use is possible, to the extent that this meets the requirements included in the decisions on condition that the ASO and Haio have obtained their contractually lawful reimbursements. This allegation thus aims to anchor the principle of a 'guarantee' clearer and avoid that this allowance is used to illuminate the 'usual costs' on the fee, without there being a proportional impact on the Honoraria income by the COVID-19 -Pidemie;-the second part must allow every ASO and Haio working in the hospital to provide a gross premium of 250 euros gross per month. If they worked in several hospitals, the payment is made in mutual agreement between these hospitals to ensure that this ASO will only receive the gross amount once paid per month. This is checked in this way on the basis of the reporting system of reporting. A third part consists of an envelope hospital level that, if necessary, finance a share of the variable reimbursements of the ASO and the extra facturations of the Haio financed could be. In addition to this use, which should be limited to the necessary, the design of this allowance for the ASO and Haio that have been used to reimburse an increase in their variable compensation for the ASO, or an additional allowance, regarding the Haio concerns. If it had already been decided in the hospital to grant extra amounts in the context of COVID-19, the surplus with regard to the usual reimbursements may be settled on the envelope. A balance on this envelope must always be used for the benefit of the ASOEN Haio who worked in the hospital during the month concerned: either in the form of a specific compensation for an ASO or Haio to recognize a special deployment or by increasing of the monthly gross premium of all ASO and HAIO.- The allowances in Article 6, a) t.e.M.E) of the KB UFFT are extended to the second semester 2020.- This extension is made the allowances in e) dependent on the respect of the conditions set out to avoid amounts that are not used for the intended purpose. contrary to the distribution principles in the decision -receiving principles were paid by deducting them from the settlement ofh et subsequent semester. provisions of Article 7 of the KB UFFT more clearly formulated and there is a limit in time by adding an end date. In Article 9 of the Decree, a new allowance is provided forNamely an "involvement of". This is awarded for the months of October to December 2020 on the basis of the number of reserved beds in phase 2b. This `envelope 'is intended to grant an amount to independent care providers funded Doorhonoraria in the hospital who voluntarily or commissioned by the main doctor The tasks that they usually perform were charged with other tasks. In Article 10 of the amendment decision, a number of clarifications and adjustments are provided:- The allocation of allowance to independent care providers funded by fees take into account the number of FTE of the independent care providers with regard to the total Number of FTE from healthcare providers funded by Honoraria. This initiates only a clarification of what was meant by the reference to 'share' and the relationship met the requested 'employment rate'-- for the award to the hospital of the permanence honoraria at the level of 2019, it will be charged with Detestion of independent doctors with regard to the FTE of all doctors. This adjustment takes into account that these fees can only be charged by doctors. This is an expansion of the allowance. However, the amount awarded is not reserved for the distribution by Demedic Council or to independent doctors. This amount is, as other amounts for independent care providers, divided between the medical council and the 'ad hoc' organ for other independent care providers financed by Honoraria, in other words between the independent doctors and the independent other care providers financed. After all, it is not an income guarantee, but an allowance for the benefit of both doctors and other healthcare providers funded by fees who took permanences involved COVID-19 period;- a distribution method is provided for the budgets for independent caregivers financed by Honoraria, namely between the Independent doctors and Deneere independent care providers funded by Honoraria. Since the budgets for salary providers financed by fees end up with one decision-making body, namely the hospital, this group does not provide an explicit split for this group. It is clarified that the calculations of the allowances for the ASO and Haio are also leaving from lists supplied by the hospital.-- The granting options to the individual care providers are clearly paid. A hospital that has a positive balance for a given semester, has a negative balance or negative provisional balances from previous semesters. This is to avoid that additional deposits are charged to the health insurance, while amounts are still being recovered. At the time of the final settlement, account is taken of all the last-optional information;- The provision on temporary unemployment is adjusted to approach correctly appropriate cost price of the employee concerned who was set at temporary unemployment. by clarifying on the first two conditions that there may be the intention to pass the costs related to the COVID-19 crisis to the patient. This is not the case if an increase in fee supplements or payments is the result of fixed investment decisions , where the COVID-19 Epidemia has no influence on the origin of the resources and there would have been an increase without the COVID-19 crisis. These terms and conditions with regard to the increases of fee supplements or payments continue to apply ZOLIZER. There are allowances. Article 13 of the Decree adds a new Article 10/1 to the KB UFTT in which it is explicit that the usual check by the file managers of the FPS VVVL and the Department of Medical Evaluation and Control of the RIZIV remains applicable. In view of the amounts of health insurance, amounts can be reclaimed in accordance with the Procedure of Procedure in the Mandatory Insurance Act for Medical Care and Benefits.ikel14 of the Decree provides an entry into force on 12 November 2020, in accordance with the entry into force of the KB UFFT that by the present Decision is being amended. I have the honor of being, Sire, Vanuwe Majesteit, the very respectful and very faithful servant, the Minister of SocialZaken and Public HealthF. Vandenbroucke26 September 2021. - Royal Decree amending the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for the granting of an exceptional federal financial allowance to the hospitals in the Coronavirus COVID -19 EPIDEMIEFILIP, King of Belgen, to all are servants and after this will be, our regulatory, Article 108; Given the coordinated law of 10 July 2008 on hospitals and other care facilities, articles92, 101, first paragraph, 2 °, 105, § 1 and 127 ; In view of the Royal Decree No 10 of 19 April 2020 for the allocation and rules for the distribution and liquidation of an advance, the general hospitals in the context of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemie, Article 3/1, inserted by the Royal Decree no. 35 of 24 June 2020, ratified by the law of 24 December 2020; in view of the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for the allocation of an exceptional federal financial allowance to the hospitals in the context of the Coronaviruscovid-19 Epidemia; in view of the advice of the Federal Hospital Facilities Council, given on 12 November 2020; Having regard to Article 8 of the Law of 15 December 2013 containing diverse provisions With regard to administrative simplification, this decision is exempt from a regulatory impact analysis. The urgency of the need for the need to give the hospitals a clear image as quickly as possible with regard to their rights for the 2020s and 2021 on the advances and possibly benefits in view of the advice of the Inspector of Finance, given on 23 August2021; Having regard to the approval of the State Secretary for Budget, given on 7 September2021; Having regard to the Decree of the Commission of 20 December 2011 on the application of article 106 (2) of the Treaty on the operation of the European Union on Staats in the form of compensation for the public service, provided to the provisions of the management of services of general economic interests; in view of the laws on the Council of State, coordinating top January 12, 1973, Article 3, § 1; In view of the urgent necessity ; Mostly in the context of legal certainty, hospitals must take a clear picture as quickly as possible with regard to their rights before the 2020s and 2021 on the advances and possibly additional means; organization again to be able to keep up with the evolutions in the regular care questions; that they must be able to release and use their own resources or to be available to funds from investors or banks to supplement the audience medels; whereas the COVID-19 support measures for various other sectors on September 30, 2021; Whereas the COVID-19 stabilizes crisis and we are evolving to a state where it becomes a normal state that COVID-19 patients are included in hospitals, without this still the entire organization of those hospitals will influence; overwe that it is therefore necessary that the allowances for the hospital sector also run on September 30, 2021 in a context of equal treatment, all the more so these allowances no longer correspond to proportional costs; Present changes in this provision in the contemporaryity; as well as any other care providers who leave the hospital; mostly the hospitals, certain revenues with a source other than the health insurance policy, namely these affiliated with the personal share of the patient and these with regard to patients who are not affiliated with an insurance institution, as referred to in the Law of 14 July 1994 concerned compulsory insurance for medical care and benefits; that this income from a delogica of the compulsory health insurance is a functional complement in the compensation of the working costs of the hospitals and is necessary to ensure continuity in care capacity; predominantly thinning during the period from July to September 2020The resumption of the normal hospital activity is limited due to the arrested sanitary measures and the continued measures to keep an overs hospital capacity available to be able to accommodate a possible revival of the epidemic; that from October 2020 there was a strong revival of the epidemic and that a upscaling of the COVID-19 Capacity was carried out in the context of the Surge Capacity Plan based on the different phases provided by the `Hospital & Transport Surge Capacity 'committee, as a result of which the hospitals and hospital care providers had to focus on care to COVID-19 patients and for themselves The rest had to limit patients who needed non-adjustable and urgent care; that new wave also occurred from mid -March 2021; whereas this health crisis brings enormous pressure for the care providers who continue to commit to the needs to the needs again and again; that by the Royal Decree of 14 December 2020 amending the Royal Decree of 25 April 2002 on the adoption and liquidation of the budget of financial resources of the hospitals, an exceptional incentive premium is provided for employees on the Payroll of a hospital, as well as to every interim staff member and on the Personeelatat has been made by a provincial or local government service or by another entity to a hospital; And that measures are taken through this present decision to also provide fair support with the Doctors specialists in Training (ASO) and the General Practitioners-in-Training (Haio) in the hospital and of the independent care providers who remain involved in hospital care , but a thorough change in their task of task undergone as a result of the current context; on the nomination of the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health and on the advice of the Meeting Demminers in Council, we have decided and we decide: Article 1. In Article 1, The only member, of the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for the granting of an exceptional federal financial allowance to the hospitals in the context of the Coronaviruscovid-19 epidemic, the provision under 4 ° is replaced as follows: "4 ° the impact of the obligatory service of a percentage of the capacity of hospital beds for COVID-19 care on the activity va n the care providers who are financed by fees, or because they remain obliged to remain available for this reserved capacity due to their employability for COVID-19 Care, or because as a result of this reorganization of the care capacity, performing other tasks at hospital-level dan usually. Art. 2. In Article 2, § 2 of the same decision, the provision under b) is replaced as follows: "b) additional personnel costs, in particular additional staffing set within a cost center between 020 and 899 as provided for in the Royal Decree of 14 August1987 providing determination of The minimum classification of the general accounting system for hospitals, overophet regular staff, and with the exception of both the sampling staff and the support staff financed by the Healthcare Personnel Fund, established implementation of the Law of 9 December 2019 in addition, will also be introduced; Also other additional personnel costs for the allowance, which are, for example, related to additional performance and guard services, in addition to the regular performance and services; ". Art. 3. In Article 3 of the same decision, the following changes are made: 1 ° paragraph 1 is replaced as follows: "§ 1. The flat -rate allowance, intended in Article 2, § 1, for the costs in Article2, § 2, be taken into accountIs laid down as follows: a) For the COVID-19-COOK of the hospital, one-off is awarded:-To the general hospitals: an amountper COVID-19 bed that was prepared for COVID-19 care. The number of COVID-19 Beds that are eligible for each hospital is the total of COVID-19 Beds as laid down in a ministerial decision-to the psychiatric hospitals: a fixed amount per paid VTE charged to a cost center between020 and 899; The number of paid VTE is recorded from the Finhosta data for the year2018; b) for care to COVID-19 patients is granted up to and including 30 September 2021:-An amount per nursing day for a COVID-19 patient. This amount differs depending on whether it is a nursing day a non-intensive unit and on an intensive unit. During the amount per nursing day on a non-intensive unit, an additional distinction is made between general and psychiatric hospitals. With the amount per nursing day on an intensive unit, an additional distinction is made between patient without respiratory support, with respiratory support and extracorporal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) patients-an amount per patient for the COVID-19 and COVID-19-SUSPPECTIPS who used up falls were seen, as defined by Sciensano; C) for the care of non-COVID-19-Patients is granted for the months in which additional protection measures are applicable in the context of the Coronaviruscovid-19 Epidemia and at the latest up to and including 30 September 2021: a fix that the additional costs on non-Covid-19 services covers. This lump sum is calculated on the basis of the number of VTEs paid from a cost center between 020 and 899. This lump sum can differ between general hospitals and psychiatric hospitals. "; 2 ° paragraph 3 is replaced as follows:" §3. The amounts thus allocated forms post 1 of the provisional settlements provided for in Article 9 of the semester to which they relate. ". Art. 4. In Article 4 of the same decision, the following changes are made: 1 ° paragraph 2 is replaced as follows : "§2. The flat -rate allowances, aimed in the first paragraph, are laid down as follows: 1 ° the budget of financial resources of the hospitals served on January 1, 2020 and applicable for the period of the first semester 2020 is 100 % guaranteed both for patients DIVIA a Insurance institution are affiliated as for patients who are not affiliated with an insurance institution, by an allowance that is equal to the amount that is determined after deduction of the invoices for the first semester of 2020 of the variable part. If this amount is less than zero, the allowance is set to zero; 2 ° the budget of the RIZIV agreements is guaranteed, including the personal share of the patient, per type of agreement, an allowance calculated on the basis of the amounts that of Applying for each Typevan agreement for the period March, April, May and June 2020, but it will be determined on the basis of the activity in the same reference period in the year 2019, as it is included in `Documents FH '2019 of the RIZIV. The allowance is granted after deduction of the invoice for the performance issued in the period March, April, May and June 2020, to the extent that a positive amount remains. Dehonoraria that may be included in those RIZIV agreements are not covered by the guarantee granted; 3 ° The budget is guaranteed for each type of lump sum for the day hospital by a diebered allowance on the basis of the amounts that apply to each type of lump sum for The Periodaart, April, May and June 2020, but determined on the basis of the activity in the same reference period in the year 2019, as it is included in `Documents FH '2019 of the RIZIV. The allowance will be taken after deduction of the invoicing for the performance carried out in the period March, April, May ENJUNI 2020, to the extent that a positive amount remains; 4 ° the budget of the Medicinesforfaits is guaranteed by an allowance, which is calculated on the basis of the applicable Budget for the period March, April, May and June 2020 and will be granted after deduction of the invoications for the Periodaart, April, May and June 2020 of those fixed amounts, insofar as a positive amount remains. "; 2 ° a paragraph 3/ 1 inserted, reading: "§ 3/1. For the period March, April, May and June 2020, a flat -rate allowance is granted to hospitals in view of the reduction activityto take into account the lost income that relates to the amounts that are based on the tariff regulations of the compulsory insurance for medical care and benefits are the patient's expense. This fixed allowance consists of the following parts: 1 ° An allowance to take into account the reduced departure on the personal shares of the fees as referred to in paragraph 3. This allowance is calculated according to the method applied in paragraph 3 to the part of these Honoraria charged to the patient for the involved period; 2 ° an allowance for the lost lump sum share of the patient's drugs during a admission to general hospitals. This income is guaranteed as a complement on the allowance included in paragraph 2, only paragraph, 4 °, to an amount based on the activity in the 2019 reference period and the amounts applicable in 2020. This allowance is granted after deduction of the invoications of this Personal share in the period March, April, May and June 2020; 3 ° an allowance with which the income with regard to the delivery margin implants and invasive medical devices that are repaid by the mandatory insurance for medical care and benefits for the period March, April, May and June 2020, guaranteed to be an amount based on the volume of these bills during the same period in the year 2019, as included in the `Documents AZV 'of the RIZIV, and the 2020 index and accounting for the established limit amounts. This allowance is granted after deduction of the invoicing of this delivery margin with regard to episodes carried out in the period March, April, Meien June 2020. "; 3 ° a section 3/2 is inserted, reading:" § 3/2. For the period March, April, May and June 2020, a flat-rate allowance is provided to take into account the lost income with regard to care to patients who are not affiliated with an insurance institution (hereinafter: `non-VI patients') as a result of the reduced activity, and this in accordance with the provided allowances included in paragraphs 2, only paragraph 2 ° to 4 °, 3 and 3/1, on the understanding that: - for the calculation of the compensation for non -VI -Patients in accordance with the allowances in paragraph 2 , only paragraph, 2 ° and 3 °, the amount of income for the same period, as referred to in the aforementioned provisions, is multiplied at the activity level of the reference period in 2019 with the percentage of non-VI patients as follows the Finhosta collection 2019 (hereinafter: the % Non-VI 2019). These amounts are allocated to deduction of the product of the 2020 product for the period concerned, as referred to in the corresponding provisions, with the percentage of non-VI patients as follows from the Finhosta data collection 2020 (hereinafter: the % non-VI 2020); -For the calculation of the compensation for non-VI patiently the allowance in paragraph 2, only paragraph, 4 °, it is guaranteed for the same period, it is guaranteed 2020, as referred to in the aforementioned provision, by the % non-VI 2020;-for the calculation of the allowance for non-VI patients in accordance with the allowances in sections 3 and 3/1, only paragraph, 1 °, when applying the steps of paragraph 3, the amount 'invoicing 2020' with regard to the same period is multiplied by the % Non-VI 2020 and the amount of invoicing 2019 'with regard to the corresponding reference period 2019 multiplied by the% Non-VI 2019;-for the calculation of the TEG Empare for non-VI patients corresponding allowances in paragraph 3/1, only paragraph, 2 ° and 3 °, it is guaranteed for the same period on the basis of these provisions by the % Non-VI 2019. These amounts are allocated deduction of the Product of the included invoications for the period of the allowance, as referred to in the corresponding provisions, with the % non-VI 2020. "; 4 ° paragraph 4 is replaced as follows:" § 4. An allowance is granted for the second semester2020 , according to the same mechanisms as these in sections 2, 3, 3/1 and 3/2, on the understanding that:-In the application of paragraph 2, only paragraph, 1 °, on the one hand, the budget financial resources that was said on July 1, 2020 and on the other hand taken into account the invoicing of the Second Semester 2020--in the application of paragraph 2, only paragraph, 2 ° and 3 °the allowances for the months of the second semester 2020 are calculated on the basis of the amounts applicable during the second semester2020 and on the basis of the activity during the second semester 2019. For the provisions of this provisions with invoications prior to the allocation of the allowance, is taken into account with the invoicing of the performance carried out during the second semester 2020;- When applying paragraph 2, only paragraph, 4 °, this allowance is calculated on the basis of the applicable budget for the period of the second semester 2020 and the allowances are granted after deduction of defactation during the period of the second semester 2020 of those fixed-ups;- in the application of paragraphs 3 and 3/1, only member, 1 °, only steps 1 and 3 are repeated, based on the months in the second semester of 2020 where the comparison is performed with the second semester of the reference year 2019;- if the basic fever ODEDING AND/OR Variable reimbursements of the Doctors-Specialistin Training (ASO) or reimbursements of the general practitioners-in-training (HAIO) working in the hospital from the hospital via the deductions on the Honoraria of the care providers, and the hospital this amounts has not paid out or only partially paid to the ASO or Haio working in the hospital -lasting the period March to December 2020 as evidenced by the reporting system referred to in Article 10, first paragraph, 3 °, the amount of the allowance will be provided for in paragraph 3 Before the Second Semester 2020 reduced by the unpaid amounts for this ASO or Haio. Under "Variable fee" the reimbursements for the opting-out, the guard services, the permanences, and the so-called "uncomfortable hours" must be understood -- In the application of paragraphs/1, only paragraph, 2 ° and 3 ° for the calculation of these allowances for the second semester 2020, the agrees Coming months from 2019 as a reference used for the activity in combination meter The applicable amounts of during the second semester 2020, whereby the invoicing the period to which the allowance relates is also deducted. ". Art.5. In Article 5 of the same decision, the following changes are made: 1 ° Sections1 and 2 are supplemented with the following sentence respectively: "The same post also contains the corresponding amounts calculated in application of Article 4, § 4." 3 and 4 added, which are as follows: "§ 3. The amount is thus application of article 4, § 3/1, item 2.c. of the provisional settlements that are stamped in Article 9. The same post also contains the In accordance with calculated amounts in application of Article 4, § 4. § 4. The amount in this regard in the application of Article 4, § 3/2 calculated, the item 2.d. of the provisional settlements that have been laid down in Article 9. The same post also contains the amounts calculated in application of Article 4, §4. ". Art. 6. In Article 6 of the same decision, the following changes are made: 1 ° in paragraph 2, the provision under e) is replaced as follows: "e) the guarantee, for the Doctors-Specialistin training (ASO) in the hospital , from the payment of the basic compensation, and the guarantee, for both the Doctors specialists in Training (ASO) and the GPs-in-training (HAIO) in the Hospital of a fair waiting allowance, pro rata the number of permanences performed, and on the other hand of a Reimbursement for their extra activities and extracement costs for the period March, April, May and June2020, both in general and in psychiatric hospitals. " ; 2 ° in the determination) the words "Doctors specialists" are replaced by the words "care providers"; 3 ° in-terms 3, c) and d), the words are "replaced by Article 4, § 4" respectively The words "on the basis of Article 4, § 3"; 4 ° in paragraph 3, the determination below e) is replaced as follows: "e) to guarantee the payment of the basic reimbursement of all ASO in the hospitals, as well as the compensation of all ASO and HAIO in the hospitals for the guard services have taken care of and for their extra activities and extraccal costs, a global amount is allocated for the period March, April, May and June 2020, subdivided into three parts: 2 ° the first part must allow the first part Basic reimbursement, despite falling fee income, to be paid to all ASO, which are charged with a self -employed doctor in the hospital with regard to their entire basic reimbursement for whom the cost of the basic reimbursement is therefore not for the account of a hospital via A Fortions on the fees of the care providers, as referred to in Article 4§ 3 or at the expense of a third party. For the calculation, a comparison is made between the National Honoraria massage tested in the hospitals in the period March, April, May and June 2020 and this in the same period in 2019, taking into account the indexation, for the percentage of decrease in the fees, p, to be determined. The part budget per month is calculated for each hospital as follows: 5000 euros * p * number of VTE ASO monthly base that are charged to an independent doctor in the hospital. On condition Datelke effective has received its basic allowance, the residual balance is used for the payment of other amounts owed to ASO and HAIO in the context of contractual obligations charged an independent doctor, in particular the variable allowances. For the ASO of Wiede basic reimbursement is charged to a hospital , this first part is deemed to be contained in the amount granted on the basis of Article 4, § 3.3 ° the second part must allow all ASO and Haio working in the hospitals during the period March, April, May and June 2020 to pay an indoor amount of 250 euros gross per month per person and cover this amount with the eye, with the eye On the cover of their extra activities and extracement costs as a result of the epidemic. The sub-budget per month is calculated as follows for each hospital: 250euro * 1,2108 * Total number of ASO and Haio on a monthly basis, with each ASO and Haio only in the sub-budget From one hospital can be admitted. Every ASO and Haio involved receives one turning gross premium of 250 euros for the same month. If an ASO or Haio in the context of his internship plan or with regard to the ASO that is financed through a university or scientific institution, a trade show or via defense, outside of an internship plan, worked in several hospitals during the same month of month, then the payment will be paid of the gross premium with regard to that month in mutual agreement between these hospitals entrusted to one hospital. The sub -budget per hospital is, with regard to the ASO or Haio that was included for the same month in the lists of different hospitals as referred to in Article 8, § 6 , revised on the basis of the chosen payment method, as appears to be the system of reporting referred to in Article 10, first paragraph, 3 °. The sub -budgets of the different health homes in which this ASO or Haio worked during the same month and which have paid an amount in application of this provision to the ASO or Haio can be adjusted in function of the number of people performed by the same ASO or Haio in every hospital , to reach a maximum allowance of 250 euros * 1,2108 per individual ASO or Haio over the sub-budgets of the different hospitals. 4 ° The third part forms an envelope at hospital level to: 4 ° despite the COVID-19-Omandigities, the variable allowing the ASO and the extra invoices of the Haioboven to be able to finance the contractually determined fixed monthly fee, to the extent that this is not possible on the basis of the fee income and the first part of the allowance included under 1 ° as stated on honor by the hospital and the medical council in the context of the system of reporting as included in article 10, first paragraph, 3 °. The variable reimbursements of an AsoMaar of the basic compensation according to the list as referred to in Article 8, § 6, first paragraph, the hospital is not paid from this envelope when the variable compensation part of the payment is provided in view of the allowance In Article 4, § 3.- One to be able to provide the circumstances of the COVID-19 Epidemia for ASOEN Haio in the hospital that have worked extra, by increasing the variable compensation for this ASO or via an additional Reimbursement for this Haio. If these variable allowances were already adjusted with a view to the circumstances of the COVID-19 Epidemia, then Maghet Surplus will be settled on this envelope. A possibly balance on this sub-budget will be directly working on the ASO and Haio working in the hospital during the period for which this one allowance is being used by being used in the first place for the deployment of these beneficiaries that is still insufficient or added to the second part as referred to in 2 ° to increase the monthly amount of all ASO and Haio. The sub -budget per month For this third part for each hospital, including the patronal social security contribution on the amounts granted on the basis of these envelope, calculated as follows: 600 euros * Number of VTE ASO and Haio in the hospital. "; 5 ° in paragraph 3, f) and g)the words "Doctors specialists" are funded by "care providers in the hospital by fees" and the words "on the basis of Article 4, § 4" always replaced by the words "on the basis of Article 4, § 3"; 6 ° paragraph 4 is replaced as follows: "§ 4. An allowance is granted before the second semester 2020 according to the same mechanisms as those determined in § 3, with exclusion of the budgets in the provisions under f) and g), and on the understanding that: - the amounts of the parts in paragraph 3, e) each) are only extended if the system of reporting, as referred to in Article 10, first paragraph, 3 °, shows that the amounts of these allowances for the March to June 2020 period are in accordance with The conditions set in this Decree have been paid to the beneficiary ASO and Haio;- the amounts of the allowances of Article6, § 3, a) up to and including d) for the second semester 2020 can each be reduced m et the amounts of the allowances of the first semester 2020 that apparently were paid contrary to the distribution principles of Article 8, as evidenced by the system of reporting, as referred to in Article10, first paragraph, 3 °. "; 7 ° a paragraph 4/1 is added, which reads as follows:" § 4/1. An exceptional incentive premium is awarded to every ASO and have worked on every Haio Dietussen 1 September and 30 November 2020 in a general or psychiatric hospital. This premium is set at 985 euros gross per full-time equivalent, to be increased with the Patronal National Social Security Office 21.08 %. For the calculation of the working time in VTE, the performance time during the first paragraph is taken into account, with the understanding, that periods of the absence of more than 30 calendar days are not taken into account. The sub -budget for this one -off -aging contribution is calculated per hospital as follows: 985 euros * 1,2108 * Number of VTE ASO and Haio in the hospital. Chapter 5 of the same decision will be replaced: «Chapter 5. Allowance compensation that has been stipulated in Article 1, 4 °, for the impact on the activity of the care providers funded by fees in a hospital, as a result of the permanent reservation of a percentage of the capacity of hospital beds for COVID-19 Care ».Art.8. In Article 7 of the same decision, paragraphs 1 to 3 are replaced as follows:" § 1. An allowance is granted for an exceptionally availability feat for the care providers a hospital funded by Honoraria, in order to compensate for the impact on their activity by the obligation to remain available as a result of the mandatory reservation of a percentage of decapacity to both intensive and non-intensive hospital beds The government has imposed the framework of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemia, in order to be able to absorb the need for hospital admissions for COVID-19 in the event of a substantial re-flashing of the epidemic.§ 2. This allowance is calculated per hospital on the basis of the Free -to -keep capacity to be kept from 1 June 2020 and at the latest up to and including 30 September 2021, and only for the months where phase 0 applies, as imposed by the Committee `Hospital & Transport Surge Capacity 'in communication of 17 June 2020, in particular for 15 % of the recognized beds with intensive kara Kter (N) + 4*n non-intensive beds. § 3. Bed per 'reserved' Bed is granted a lump -from -sized grant per month that corresponds to a twelfth of the national average amount of the fees, limited to the part charged to the budget for medical care of the RIZIV, invoiced per bed for hospital enclosures in 2019, indexed with the global index of the fees between 2019 and the year in which this allowance is granted. ". Art.9. In Chapter 5 of the same decision, an Article 7/1 is inserted," Art. 7/1.§ 1. An allowance is granted to grant an exceptional involvement in the care providers in a general hospital financed by fees, to compensate for the impactop their activity of their involvement, on their own initiative or at the request of the chief doctor, in A new task distribution in which they are charged with tasks other than those they normally perform, as a result of the mandatory reservation of a percentage of the capacity of intensive and non-intake hospital beds imposed by the government in the context of the Coronavirus COVID-19 epidemicIn order to be able to take care of the need for hospital admissions for COVID-19. These other tasks can both relate to activities on COVID-19 departments for other activities carried out in the hospital. § 2. This allowance will be granted per hospital from 1 October 2020 and at the latest until 31 December 2020 on the basis of the capacity imposed during the most phase of this period, which corresponds to phase 2b as included in communication from 17 June 2020 by the committee `Hospital & Transport Surge Capacity ', including the Corona High Oxygen Carebedden. If a hospital is eligible for the same month for both an allowance based on Article 7 and an allowance based on Article 7/1, only the allowance is resulting in the highest amount, taking into account Article 8, § 3, first paragraph, assigned to the hospital in question. § 3. Per 'reserved bed' in phase 2B, a fixed -up granting is granted per month that corresponds to a twelfth of the National average of the Honoraria, limited to the part of the budget for medical care of HetRiziv, invoiced per bed For hospital enclosures in 2019, indexed with the Global Index of the Honoraria between 2019 and 2020. The amount per month is awarded on condition that during this month Het Het Het Het Het Het Het Instructions regarding the upscaling of COVID-19 Capacitynavolgde of the Committee `Hospital & Transport Surge Capacity '. § 4. That allowance only applies to independent care providers in the hospital, in view of the exceptional encouragement premium as provided for in Article 74Undecies of the Royal Decree of 25 April 2002 relevant the determination and liquidation of the budget of financial resources of the hospitals for the sealed care providers in the hospital. § 5. The amount thus calculated for the involvement of involvement forms the post 4bis of the provisional calculations that have been established Article 9. ". Art. 10. In Article 8 of the same decision, the following changes are made: 1 ° paragraph 3 is replaced as follows: "§ 3. For hospitals where both independent and sealed care providers are active by fees, the amount of the allowances that result from the calculations under Articles 6.7 and 7/1, with the exception of Article 6, § 3, E ), and who only apply to independent care providers to each of these hospitals proportionally to the share of independent care providers in relation to the VTE of all care providers financed by fees. Defense of the first paragraph, is the amount of the allowances that result from the calculations under Article 6, § 3, only paragraph, a), 1., proportionally to the share of self -employed Doctors compared to the VTE of all doctors in the hospital awarded to each of these hospitals. Department as referred to in the first and second paragraphs are calculated, per semester of 2020, based on the list that the hospital delivers with, For all healthcare providers who are funded by fees, the name, the RIZIV number, the indication or it is about a doctor or another healthcare provider-financed by fees, the working time with a maximum of one per person per month, and the statute, independent or Salaried. The relationship as referred to in the first paragraph is being used for the internal distribution within the hospital of the sub -budgets that are both applicable to the independent and the salary care providers. For the internal distribution of the allowance of Article 7 in 2021, use is made of the ratio per hospital on the basis of the lists for 2020. For the internal distribution within the hospital of the sub -budgets intended for independent care providers, as referred to in the first and second paragraph, or after applying an internal distribution to sub -budgets intended for both articles of association based on the number of VTE per status, as referred to in the fourth paragraph, the budget of the group of independent care providers with regard to a certain semester is divided between the independent doctors on the one hand and the other self -employed care providers on the other hand relatively of the global -generatedhonoraria generated by each of these two groups of self -employed persons on an annual basis, as determined by the hospital, unless the amounts of that semester were already distributed within the hospital or that another agreement has been reached between the Medical council and the ad-hoc organ for the other healthcare providers with the self-employed status as referred to in the Intaragon 5. "; 2 ° paragraph 6 is replaced as follows:" § 6. The allowances for the ASO and Haio included in Article 6, § 3, e)Including the extension of these allowances as provided for in Article 6, § 4, and Article 6, § 4/1, are calculated on the basis of a list, which provides the hospital with for all ASO and Haio working in the hospital during the period for which the allowances are for foreseen, the name, the RIZIV number, and the employment rate month with a maximum of one VTE per person per month, and specifically for the ASO the indication Wiedeze ASO has. Article 6, § 3, E), 2 ° and 3 °, including the amounts pursuant to the extension of these allowances as provided for in Article 6, § 4, and the amount of the allowance included in Article 6, § 4/1, must be integral are used according to the set conditions. The Medical Council of the Decisions, provided that all amounts owed contractually due were effectively paid to the ASO, that the allowance as included in Article 6, § 3, E), 1 °, is used a different use of the distribution principles included in the fourth Member respected to be. The hospital that the allowances of Article 6, § 3, E) and §4/1 will be granted in the context of the provisional settlements on the basis of the employment of DEASO or HAIO during the reference period, takes the necessary measures To guarantee a payment to the Rightheadeaso or Haio, regardless of whether the ASO or Haio is still working in the hospital or has since completed or terminated its training. The amounts pursuant to the extension of the allowances in Article 6, § 3, E), on the basis of Article 6, § 4, and the amount of the allowance included in article 6, § 4/1, are provisionally allocated to these hospitals and can be able to are revised by the final settlement based on the amount paid out to the ASO and Haio and the specification of the modalities provided for in this Decree, as evidenced by the system of reporting intention in Article 10, first paragraph, 3 °. With regard to the amounts awarded on the basis of Articles 6, 7 and 7/1, with the exception of the allowances as referred to in the second paragraph, the distribution first of all provides for reimbursing the deployment or tasks as included in these articles on the basis of objective variables established by the body charged with the distribution. The distribution is done among all care providers financed by fees and who are actually involved in the context of care during the period of coverage of the allowances, and in the case of priority in the Covid- 19-Care, or in the context of the management of that epidemic in the hospital. The authority taxed with the distribution may, after agreeing a correct intervention for the deployment or tasks as described in these articles, decide to use the remaining Amounts for the supplement of other allowances for this decision or other efforts of the care provision RS who belong to his authority, to the extent that it concerns an intervention for and in a collision of a real contribution in the hospital of care providers who are funded by fees and who are actually involved in the context of the care during the period at which the allowances are applied, and With priority in COVID-19 Care, or in the context of the management of this epidemic in the hospital. Also for this other use, the body -objective variables charged with the distribution are recorded that insure an use of the benefit of not or insufficient reimbursement, on the understanding that loss of income does not make a variable that may be eligible. Due to the authority taxed by the distribution for all potential beneficiaries, a transparent method of the use criteria applied. "; 3 ° paragraph 7 is replaced as follows:" § 7. Any deposit resulting from the amounts that under Articles6, 7 and 7/1 have been granted, the hospital must be documented on the basis of the distribution die by the Medical Council for the Medical Healthcare Providers or by the AD-HOC authority for other care providers, so that a report to the federal government can demonstrate that those allowance for the benefit can be taken The objectives have been used. In particular with regard to the ASO and Haio, Documentation Hospital for each ASO and Haio for each allowance and period involved, which amounts have been paid to them and the date of payment of these amounts, so that this is the reporting to the federal government as provided in Article 10 , first paragraph, 3 °, can complete. ". Art. 11. The following changes are made in Article9 of the same decision: 1 ° paragraphs 1 and 2 are replaced as follows:" § 1. The items 1, 2.a,, 2.b, 2.c, 2.d, 34 and 4bis as defined above for each semester added per hospital, insofar as they apply for that semester. The result that is obtained for each semester is compared with the sum of deevenual advances assigned to the hospital in the same semester, in Application of the Royal Decree No 10 of 19 April 2020, amended by Royal Decree No. 35 of 24 June 2020, and leads to a provisional settlement per semester. Any positive balance to favor the hospital is deducted from any negative balances charged to this self -employed hospital resulting from the provisional settlements of previous semesters, starting with the oldest negative balance, as a result of which the whole of the semester and the previous person concerned Semesters, is clear. The first provisional settlement with regard to the first semester 2020 will be carried out at the earliest in the course of the second semester 2020. Detweede provisional settlement with regard to the second semester, with any precisions for the first semester, at the earliest during the first semester 2021. The third party. Provisional settlement of Met relationship up to 2021 and any legal settings for the previous semesters, will be carried out at the earliest in the second semester 2021. § 2. For the adoption per hospital of the final settlement per semester, the added items 1 t.e.m. will be carried out. 2.D. Next elements deducted: a) An amount per employee in temporary unemployment if the hospital has appealed to the system of temporary unemployment for employees included between costsplace020 to 899 during a semester for which allowances as referred to in Article 1, 2 °, Hospital are granted, calculated from March 2020. This amount is calculated on the basis of the average cost per VTE on an annual basis in all hospitals, as included in the Finhosta data from the year in which temporary unemployment was applied, for the personnel category, such as Outdoor Appendix 4, Section 4 of the Royal Decree of 6 December 2020 containing the rules of the Rules The period according to which the administrator of the hospital announces the financial situation, of the business outcomes, of the report of the company reviewer and all statistical data Diemet are establishment to which the Wer Knemer in question belongs, in relation to the redemption time per month of the employee concerned, expressed in VTE, during the semester in question. For the determination of the number of VTE in temporary unemployment, each hospital makes a statement on honor to the FPS VVVL with a list of employees as described above per personnel categories with the number of FTE per month in temporary unemployment. The hospital has used federal stocks of personal protective equipment, pharmaceutical products and/or medical devices. "; 2 ° paragraph 4 is replaced as follows:" § 4. If the provisional settlement per semester, after any settlements on the negative balances of previous semesters As referred to in paragraph 1, a positive balance to favor the hospital, this positive difference will be directly on the bank account of the hospital, in application of art. 3/1 of the Royal Decree No 10 of 19 April 2020, as amended by Royal Decree No. 35 of 24 June 2020. If the provisional settlement Semester, has a negative balance charged to the hospital, the reimbursement by Het Hospital will be arranged are replaced as a negative catch -up amount in the budget of financial resources of Het Hospital that follows the final settlement of the semester in question, taking into account purposes that are now taking place as referred to in paragraph 1. "; 3 ° paragraph5, first paragraph, follows: "In 2023, when the amounts on which the hospital's care providers concerned are entitled to the first and second semester 2020, the regularization, positive or negative, becomes between these definitive amounts and the provisional amounts that were taken into account in the context of The provisional settlements, as a certain corresponding first paragraph, included under the V. ORM of the booking of a catch -up amount in the budget of financial resources of 1 July 2023 of each hospital for the first semester 2020 and of 1 January 2024 before the Second Semester 2020. In 2024, the amounts with regard to the first semester 2021 and the same comparison will be performedof which the regularization is included in the form of the booking of a catch -up amount in the budget of financial resources of 1 July 2024 of each hospital. "Art.12. Article 10 of the same decision is replaced as follows:" Art. 10. The definitive allocation of the exceptional federal financial allowances depends on compliance with the following triple conditions that will be verified at the latest in the final settlement: 1 ° An agreement is concluded to increase the fee supplements with the purpose of the costs of the epidemic as a result of the Coronavirus COVID-19 to move through; 2 ° the payment scheme that is applied to the hospital, does not lead to higher payments than those that were applied 2019 with the costs of the Epidemia as a result of the Coronavirus COVID-19 sliding through 3 ° the hospitals, the medical councils and the possible ad hoc organ must provide Defod VVVL and the RIZIV information about the way in which they have used the allocated amounts, and this according to a system of reporting that will be worked out by the aforementioned administrations. On the first two conditions of the first paragraph must be met In the period that starts on 11 March2020 and runs until the end of the period in which the exceptional federal financial benefits are applied. If these two conditions are not met, the hospital must refund the amounts received on the basis of Articles 4, 6, 7 and 7/1 in relation to the exceedances found. ". Art.13. In Chapter 8 of the same decision, a Article 10/1 inserted, reading: "Art. 10/1.§ 1. With regard to the information provided in the context of the implementation of the ministerial declarations as referred to in Article 3, § 2 and in the context of Article 8, §§ 3, 6 and Article 9, § 2 , only paragraph, a) and Article 10, first paragraph, 3 °, the designated official or arranged as referred to in Article 127 of the Coordinated Act of 10 July 2008 at the hospitals and other care establishments at the Hospital manager, the Medical Council and The possibly'ad HOC organ ', and the Department for Medical Evaluation and Control of the RIZIV, as referred to in article 139 of the Coordinated Act of 14 July 1994 on mandatory insurance for medical provision and benefits coordinated on July 14, 1994, with the caregivers, All data for the usefulness is useful for the control and validation of the transferred data. The information provided by the aforementioned provisions of this Decree can be adjusted on the basis of the findings through the FPS VVVL and the Service for Medical Evaluation and Control of the RIZIV, and then processed in the context of the definitive settlements of the allowance and period of which the data relates. These adjustments are communicated in accordance with Article 108 of the coordinated law of 10 July 2008 on hospitals and other care establishments.§ 2. Amounts that are apparently conformed to the anticipated objectives and modalities, individual care providers, as shown from the Reporting System provided for in Article 10 , Primary member, 3 °, or from the audit of the information transferred in that context, the procedure for the proceedings may be reclaimed in Article 164, third paragraph of the coordinated law of 14 July 1994 concerned compulsory insurance for medical care and benefits Coordinated on July 14 1994. ". Art.14. This Decree comes into effect on 12 November 2020.Art. 15. The minister is responsible for socialZaken and Public Health charged with the implementation of this decision.brussel, 26 September2021.filip of Koningswege: the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health, F.VandenbrouckePublication: 2021-09-30numac: 2021021967federal Public Health Service, Safety of the Food Chain and Leefmilieu26 September 2021.-Royal Decree to amend the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for an exceptional federal financial allowance to The hospitals in the context of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemiekerslag on the Koningsire, the design of the Royal Decree that I have the honor of submitting your Majesty to signing, the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 determines the further rules for The interpretation of an exceptional federal financial allowance to the hospitals in the Framework to supplement the COVID-19 Epidemia (hereinafter: KB UFFT) and to make various technical adjustments to this. The main additions relate to:- a temporal expansion naar The second semester 2020 of certain allowances (allowances with regard to the descending activity and the additional activities of care providers). There is also an end date for the additional cost charges and the availability faat, namely 30 September 2021;-a material expansion of the allowances by providing a contribution to the hospitals for 2020, taking into account the missed income from personal shares of patients and patients because of patients who are not connected via an insurance institution. For the independent care providers financed by Honoraria, there is a plan for the period in which the hospitals were in phase 2b of the 'Surge Capacity' plan. The incentive premium for the Doctors-Specialistin Training (ASO) and the General Practitioners-in-Training (HAIO) in Hospital Internship, in accordance with the premium for the hospital staff as provided for in Article 74undecies of the Royal Decree of 25 April2002 on determination and the Vere FFEEN OF THE BUCKET OF FINANCIAL REGULATIONS OF THE HOSPITALS. The allowance for the ASO is split into three parts: the guarantee for the basic compensation, a monthly gross premium of EUR 250 and the distribution of a hospital -wide envelope. These last two also apply to the Haio in Hospital Internship;- A number of control measures are being explicit, or, with regard to extensions to the second semester, more strongly anchored. Articles 1 and 9 provide an allowance for the months of October to December 2020 for the Independent care providers funded by fees who have carried out other activities within the hospital on his own initiative or at the request of the chief doctor as a result of the "Hopsital & Transportsurge Capacity" committee in this period. The design of this financing is to know an amount in proportion to the deployment shown. Article 2 describes which personnel costs are covered with allowances in the context of the KB UFFT.ikel 3 contains a few technical adjustments and records an end date for the flat -rate reimbursements at 30 September 2021. article4 contains technical corrections and in an expansion of the allowances:- Single-for-voorfaitary compensation is provided for the missed income of hospitals from invoicing the patient on the basis of the tariff regulation of health insurance. After all, these are the health insurance policy in the logicavan part of the reimbursement for the operating costs of the hospitals;-- an intervention is provided to cover the missed revenues for care to patients who are not affiliated with an insurance institution- the foreseen compensions are extended the second Semester 2020. If it appears that certain ASO and Haio that are borne by the hospital were not paid, these amounts can be deducted from the warranty on the payments of the following semester. Item 5 clarifies in which settlement items are included in Article 6 Various extensions and clarifications are included:-Based allowances are extended to the Haio who were eligible in hospital internships during the period of time--the term 'doctors' specialists' is replaced by' care provider-financed by Honoraria 'in view of the allowance for the benefit of all Zorgverle Ners financed Doorhonoraria involved in the activity. .- The reference to the allowance for the benefits guarantees is corrected;- the allowance included in Article 6, §3, e) of the KB UFFT is expandedRefined and split into three parts:- The first part still relates to basic reimbursement for the ASO. Here it is clarified that it will be the ASO that is charged to an independent doctor, to avoid a double financing. After all, some ASO are paid through the payments on the fees, in which it is met in Article 4, § 3, of the KB UFFT, and other ASO for their basic reimbursements are proceeds from a third party (Defense, Academic or Scientific Institution, financed via a fair ). The purpose of this allowance is primarily to guarantee the basic allowance. The applicant remains a residual balance, this must be used to comply with the other contractual obligations with regard to ASO and Haio, to the extent that they are charged to an independent doctor. In particular, it initiates the so -called "variable reimbursements". After all, the 'warranty' aims to limit the fee of the ASO to the basic compensation (the total gross fee per month of 5,000Eur included in the calculation formula covers both the gross cost of the basic reimbursement and of the variable costs). In Article 10 of the Decree, Article 8 of the KB UFFT is amended to clarifying a different use is possible, to the extent that this meets the requirements included in the decisions on condition that the ASO and Haio have obtained their contractually lawful reimbursements. This allegation thus aims to anchor the principle of a 'guarantee' clearer and avoid that this allowance is used to illuminate the 'usual costs' on the fee, without there being a proportional impact on the Honoraria income by the COVID-19 -Pidemie;-the second part must allow every ASO and Haio working in the hospital to provide a gross premium of 250 euros gross per month. If they worked in several hospitals, the payment is made in mutual agreement between these hospitals to ensure that this ASO will only receive the gross amount once paid per month. This is checked in this way on the basis of the reporting system of reporting. A third part consists of an envelope hospital level that, if necessary, finance a share of the variable reimbursements of the ASO and the extra facturations of the Haio financed could be. In addition to this use, which should be limited to the necessary, the design of this allowance for the ASO and Haio that have been used to reimburse an increase in their variable compensation for the ASO, or an additional allowance, regarding the Haio concerns. If it had already been decided in the hospital to grant extra amounts in the context of COVID-19, the surplus with regard to the usual reimbursements may be settled on the envelope. A balance on this envelope must always be used for the benefit of the ASOEN Haio who worked in the hospital during the month concerned: either in the form of a specific compensation for an ASO or Haio to recognize a special deployment or by increasing of the monthly gross premium of all ASO and HAIO.- The allowances in Article 6, a) t.e.M.E) of the KB UFFT are extended to the second semester 2020.- This extension is made the allowances in e) dependent on the respect of the conditions set out to avoid amounts that are not used for the intended purpose. contrary to the distribution principles in the decision -receiving principles were paid by deducting them from the settlement ofh et subsequent semester. provisions of Article 7 of the KB UFFT more clearly formulated and there is a limit in time by adding an end date. In Article 9 of the Decree, a new allowance is provided forNamely an "involvement of". This is awarded for the months of October to December 2020 on the basis of the number of reserved beds in phase 2b. This `envelope 'is intended to grant an amount to independent care providers funded Doorhonoraria in the hospital who voluntarily or commissioned by the main doctor The tasks that they usually perform were charged with other tasks. In Article 10 of the amendment decision, a number of clarifications and adjustments are provided:- The allocation of allowance to independent care providers funded by fees take into account the number of FTE of the independent care providers with regard to the total Number of FTE from healthcare providers funded by Honoraria. This initiates only a clarification of what was meant by the reference to 'share' and the relationship met the requested 'employment rate'-- for the award to the hospital of the permanence honoraria at the level of 2019, it will be charged with Detestion of independent doctors with regard to the FTE of all doctors. This adjustment takes into account that these fees can only be charged by doctors. This is an expansion of the allowance. However, the amount awarded is not reserved for the distribution by Demedic Council or to independent doctors. This amount is, as other amounts for independent care providers, divided between the medical council and the 'ad hoc' organ for other independent care providers financed by Honoraria, in other words between the independent doctors and the independent other care providers financed. After all, it is not an income guarantee, but an allowance for the benefit of both doctors and other healthcare providers funded by fees who took permanences involved COVID-19 period;- a distribution method is provided for the budgets for independent caregivers financed by Honoraria, namely between the Independent doctors and Deneere independent care providers funded by Honoraria. Since the budgets for salary providers financed by fees end up with one decision-making body, namely the hospital, this group does not provide an explicit split for this group. It is clarified that the calculations of the allowances for the ASO and Haio are also leaving from lists supplied by the hospital.-- The granting options to the individual care providers are clearly paid. A hospital that has a positive balance for a given semester, has a negative balance or negative provisional balances from previous semesters. This is to avoid that additional deposits are charged to the health insurance, while amounts are still being recovered. At the time of the final settlement, account is taken of all the last-optional information;- The provision on temporary unemployment is adjusted to approach correctly appropriate cost price of the employee concerned who was set at temporary unemployment. by clarifying on the first two conditions that there may be the intention to pass the costs related to the COVID-19 crisis to the patient. This is not the case if an increase in fee supplements or payments is the result of fixed investment decisions , where the COVID-19 Epidemia has no influence on the origin of the resources and there would have been an increase without the COVID-19 crisis. These terms and conditions with regard to the increases of fee supplements or payments continue to apply ZOLIZER. There are allowances. Article 13 of the Decree adds a new Article 10/1 to the KB UFTT in which it is explicit that the usual check by the file managers of the FPS VVVL and the Department of Medical Evaluation and Control of the RIZIV remains applicable. In view of the amounts of health insurance, amounts can be reclaimed in accordance with the Procedure of Procedure in the Mandatory Insurance Act for Medical Care and Benefits.ikel14 of the Decree provides an entry into force on 12 November 2020, in accordance with the entry into force of the KB UFFT that by the present Decision is being amended. I have the honor of being, Sire, Vanuwe Majesteit, the very respectful and very faithful servant, the Minister of SocialZaken and Public HealthF. Vandenbroucke26 September 2021. - Royal Decree amending the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for the granting of an exceptional federal financial allowance to the hospitals in the Coronavirus COVID -19 EPIDEMIEFILIP, King of Belgen, to all are servants and after this will be, our regulatory, Article 108; Given the coordinated law of 10 July 2008 on hospitals and other care facilities, articles92, 101, first paragraph, 2 °, 105, § 1 and 127 ; In view of the Royal Decree No 10 of 19 April 2020 for the allocation and rules for the distribution and liquidation of an advance, the general hospitals in the context of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemie, Article 3/1, inserted by the Royal Decree no. 35 of 24 June 2020, ratified by the law of 24 December 2020; in view of the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for the allocation of an exceptional federal financial allowance to the hospitals in the context of the Coronaviruscovid-19 Epidemia; in view of the advice of the Federal Hospital Facilities Council, given on 12 November 2020; Having regard to Article 8 of the Law of 15 December 2013 containing diverse provisions With regard to administrative simplification, this decision is exempt from a regulatory impact analysis. The urgency of the need for the need to give the hospitals a clear image as quickly as possible with regard to their rights for the 2020s and 2021 on the advances and possibly benefits in view of the advice of the Inspector of Finance, given on 23 August2021; Having regard to the approval of the State Secretary for Budget, given on 7 September2021; Having regard to the Decree of the Commission of 20 December 2011 on the application of article 106 (2) of the Treaty on the operation of the European Union on Staats in the form of compensation for the public service, provided to the provisions of the management of services of general economic interests; in view of the laws on the Council of State, coordinating top January 12, 1973, Article 3, § 1; In view of the urgent necessity ; Mostly in the context of legal certainty, hospitals must take a clear picture as quickly as possible with regard to their rights before the 2020s and 2021 on the advances and possibly additional means; organization again to be able to keep up with the evolutions in the regular care questions; that they must be able to release and use their own resources or to be available to funds from investors or banks to supplement the audience medels; whereas the COVID-19 support measures for various other sectors on September 30, 2021; Whereas the COVID-19 stabilizes crisis and we are evolving to a state where it becomes a normal state that COVID-19 patients are included in hospitals, without this still the entire organization of those hospitals will influence; overwe that it is therefore necessary that the allowances for the hospital sector also run on September 30, 2021 in a context of equal treatment, all the more so these allowances no longer correspond to proportional costs; Present changes in this provision in the contemporaryity; as well as any other care providers who leave the hospital; mostly the hospitals, certain revenues with a source other than the health insurance policy, namely these affiliated with the personal share of the patient and these with regard to patients who are not affiliated with an insurance institution, as referred to in the Law of 14 July 1994 concerned compulsory insurance for medical care and benefits; that this income from a delogica of the compulsory health insurance is a functional complement in the compensation of the working costs of the hospitals and is necessary to ensure continuity in care capacity; predominantly thinning during the period from July to September 2020The resumption of the normal hospital activity is limited due to the arrested sanitary measures and the continued measures to keep an overs hospital capacity available to be able to accommodate a possible revival of the epidemic; that from October 2020 there was a strong revival of the epidemic and that a upscaling of the COVID-19 Capacity was carried out in the context of the Surge Capacity Plan based on the different phases provided by the `Hospital & Transport Surge Capacity 'committee, as a result of which the hospitals and hospital care providers had to focus on care to COVID-19 patients and for themselves The rest had to limit patients who needed non-adjustable and urgent care; that new wave also occurred from mid -March 2021; whereas this health crisis brings enormous pressure for the care providers who continue to commit to the needs to the needs again and again; that by the Royal Decree of 14 December 2020 amending the Royal Decree of 25 April 2002 on the adoption and liquidation of the budget of financial resources of the hospitals, an exceptional incentive premium is provided for employees on the Payroll of a hospital, as well as to every interim staff member and on the Personeelatat has been made by a provincial or local government service or by another entity to a hospital; And that measures are taken through this present decision to also provide fair support with the Doctors specialists in Training (ASO) and the General Practitioners-in-Training (Haio) in the hospital and of the independent care providers who remain involved in hospital care , but a thorough change in their task of task undergone as a result of the current context; on the nomination of the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health and on the advice of the Meeting Demminers in Council, we have decided and we decide: Article 1. In Article 1, The only member, of the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for the granting of an exceptional federal financial allowance to the hospitals in the context of the Coronaviruscovid-19 epidemic, the provision under 4 ° is replaced as follows: "4 ° the impact of the obligatory service of a percentage of the capacity of hospital beds for COVID-19 care on the activity va n the care providers who are financed by fees, or because they remain obliged to remain available for this reserved capacity due to their employability for COVID-19 Care, or because as a result of this reorganization of the care capacity, performing other tasks at hospital-level dan usually. Art. 2. In Article 2, § 2 of the same decision, the provision under b) is replaced as follows: "b) additional personnel costs, in particular additional staffing set within a cost center between 020 and 899 as provided for in the Royal Decree of 14 August1987 providing determination of The minimum classification of the general accounting system for hospitals, overophet regular staff, and with the exception of both the sampling staff and the support staff financed by the Healthcare Personnel Fund, established implementation of the Law of 9 December 2019 in addition, will also be introduced; Also other additional personnel costs for the allowance, which are, for example, related to additional performance and guard services, in addition to the regular performance and services; ". Art. 3. In Article 3 of the same decision, the following changes are made: 1 ° paragraph 1 is replaced as follows: "§ 1. The flat -rate allowance, intended in Article 2, § 1, for the costs in Article2, § 2, be taken into accountIs laid down as follows: a) For the COVID-19-COOK of the hospital, one-off is awarded:-To the general hospitals: an amountper COVID-19 bed that was prepared for COVID-19 care. The number of COVID-19 Beds that are eligible for each hospital is the total of COVID-19 Beds as laid down in a ministerial decision-to the psychiatric hospitals: a fixed amount per paid VTE charged to a cost center between020 and 899; The number of paid VTE is recorded from the Finhosta data for the year2018; b) for care to COVID-19 patients is granted up to and including 30 September 2021:-An amount per nursing day for a COVID-19 patient. This amount differs depending on whether it is a nursing day a non-intensive unit and on an intensive unit. During the amount per nursing day on a non-intensive unit, an additional distinction is made between general and psychiatric hospitals. With the amount per nursing day on an intensive unit, an additional distinction is made between patient without respiratory support, with respiratory support and extracorporal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) patients-an amount per patient for the COVID-19 and COVID-19-SUSPPECTIPS who used up falls were seen, as defined by Sciensano; C) for the care of non-COVID-19-Patients is granted for the months in which additional protection measures are applicable in the context of the Coronaviruscovid-19 Epidemia and at the latest up to and including 30 September 2021: a fix that the additional costs on non-Covid-19 services covers. This lump sum is calculated on the basis of the number of VTEs paid from a cost center between 020 and 899. This lump sum can differ between general hospitals and psychiatric hospitals. "; 2 ° paragraph 3 is replaced as follows:" §3. The amounts thus allocated forms post 1 of the provisional settlements provided for in Article 9 of the semester to which they relate. ". Art. 4. In Article 4 of the same decision, the following changes are made: 1 ° paragraph 2 is replaced as follows : "§2. The flat -rate allowances, aimed in the first paragraph, are laid down as follows: 1 ° the budget of financial resources of the hospitals served on January 1, 2020 and applicable for the period of the first semester 2020 is 100 % guaranteed both for patients DIVIA a Insurance institution are affiliated as for patients who are not affiliated with an insurance institution, by an allowance that is equal to the amount that is determined after deduction of the invoices for the first semester of 2020 of the variable part. If this amount is less than zero, the allowance is set to zero; 2 ° the budget of the RIZIV agreements is guaranteed, including the personal share of the patient, per type of agreement, an allowance calculated on the basis of the amounts that of Applying for each Typevan agreement for the period March, April, May and June 2020, but it will be determined on the basis of the activity in the same reference period in the year 2019, as it is included in `Documents FH '2019 of the RIZIV. The allowance is granted after deduction of the invoice for the performance issued in the period March, April, May and June 2020, to the extent that a positive amount remains. Dehonoraria that may be included in those RIZIV agreements are not covered by the guarantee granted; 3 ° The budget is guaranteed for each type of lump sum for the day hospital by a diebered allowance on the basis of the amounts that apply to each type of lump sum for The Periodaart, April, May and June 2020, but determined on the basis of the activity in the same reference period in the year 2019, as it is included in `Documents FH '2019 of the RIZIV. The allowance will be taken after deduction of the invoicing for the performance carried out in the period March, April, May ENJUNI 2020, to the extent that a positive amount remains; 4 ° the budget of the Medicinesforfaits is guaranteed by an allowance, which is calculated on the basis of the applicable Budget for the period March, April, May and June 2020 and will be granted after deduction of the invoications for the Periodaart, April, May and June 2020 of those fixed amounts, insofar as a positive amount remains. "; 2 ° a paragraph 3/ 1 inserted, reading: "§ 3/1. For the period March, April, May and June 2020, a flat -rate allowance is granted to hospitals in view of the reduction activityto take into account the lost income that relates to the amounts that are based on the tariff regulations of the compulsory insurance for medical care and benefits are the patient's expense. This fixed allowance consists of the following parts: 1 ° An allowance to take into account the reduced departure on the personal shares of the fees as referred to in paragraph 3. This allowance is calculated according to the method applied in paragraph 3 to the part of these Honoraria charged to the patient for the involved period; 2 ° an allowance for the lost lump sum share of the patient's drugs during a admission to general hospitals. This income is guaranteed as a complement on the allowance included in paragraph 2, only paragraph, 4 °, to an amount based on the activity in the 2019 reference period and the amounts applicable in 2020. This allowance is granted after deduction of the invoications of this Personal share in the period March, April, May and June 2020; 3 ° an allowance with which the income with regard to the delivery margin implants and invasive medical devices that are repaid by the mandatory insurance for medical care and benefits for the period March, April, May and June 2020, guaranteed to be an amount based on the volume of these bills during the same period in the year 2019, as included in the `Documents AZV 'of the RIZIV, and the 2020 index and accounting for the established limit amounts. This allowance is granted after deduction of the invoicing of this delivery margin with regard to episodes carried out in the period March, April, Meien June 2020. "; 3 ° a section 3/2 is inserted, reading:" § 3/2. For the period March, April, May and June 2020, a flat-rate allowance is provided to take into account the lost income with regard to care to patients who are not affiliated with an insurance institution (hereinafter: `non-VI patients') as a result of the reduced activity, and this in accordance with the provided allowances included in paragraphs 2, only paragraph 2 ° to 4 °, 3 and 3/1, on the understanding that: - for the calculation of the compensation for non -VI -Patients in accordance with the allowances in paragraph 2 , only paragraph, 2 ° and 3 °, the amount of income for the same period, as referred to in the aforementioned provisions, is multiplied at the activity level of the reference period in 2019 with the percentage of non-VI patients as follows the Finhosta collection 2019 (hereinafter: the % Non-VI 2019). These amounts are allocated to deduction of the product of the 2020 product for the period concerned, as referred to in the corresponding provisions, with the percentage of non-VI patients as follows from the Finhosta data collection 2020 (hereinafter: the % non-VI 2020); -For the calculation of the compensation for non-VI patiently the allowance in paragraph 2, only paragraph, 4 °, it is guaranteed for the same period, it is guaranteed 2020, as referred to in the aforementioned provision, by the % non-VI 2020;-for the calculation of the allowance for non-VI patients in accordance with the allowances in sections 3 and 3/1, only paragraph, 1 °, when applying the steps of paragraph 3, the amount 'invoicing 2020' with regard to the same period is multiplied by the % Non-VI 2020 and the amount of invoicing 2019 'with regard to the corresponding reference period 2019 multiplied by the% Non-VI 2019;-for the calculation of the TEG Empare for non-VI patients corresponding allowances in paragraph 3/1, only paragraph, 2 ° and 3 °, it is guaranteed for the same period on the basis of these provisions by the % Non-VI 2019. These amounts are allocated deduction of the Product of the included invoications for the period of the allowance, as referred to in the corresponding provisions, with the % non-VI 2020. "; 4 ° paragraph 4 is replaced as follows:" § 4. An allowance is granted for the second semester2020 , according to the same mechanisms as these in sections 2, 3, 3/1 and 3/2, on the understanding that:-In the application of paragraph 2, only paragraph, 1 °, on the one hand, the budget financial resources that was said on July 1, 2020 and on the other hand taken into account the invoicing of the Second Semester 2020--in the application of paragraph 2, only paragraph, 2 ° and 3 °the allowances for the months of the second semester 2020 are calculated on the basis of the amounts applicable during the second semester2020 and on the basis of the activity during the second semester 2019. For the provisions of this provisions with invoications prior to the allocation of the allowance, is taken into account with the invoicing of the performance carried out during the second semester 2020;- When applying paragraph 2, only paragraph, 4 °, this allowance is calculated on the basis of the applicable budget for the period of the second semester 2020 and the allowances are granted after deduction of defactation during the period of the second semester 2020 of those fixed-ups;- in the application of paragraphs 3 and 3/1, only member, 1 °, only steps 1 and 3 are repeated, based on the months in the second semester of 2020 where the comparison is performed with the second semester of the reference year 2019;- if the basic fever ODEDING AND/OR Variable reimbursements of the Doctors-Specialistin Training (ASO) or reimbursements of the general practitioners-in-training (HAIO) working in the hospital from the hospital via the deductions on the Honoraria of the care providers, and the hospital this amounts has not paid out or only partially paid to the ASO or Haio working in the hospital -lasting the period March to December 2020 as evidenced by the reporting system referred to in Article 10, first paragraph, 3 °, the amount of the allowance will be provided for in paragraph 3 Before the Second Semester 2020 reduced by the unpaid amounts for this ASO or Haio. Under "Variable fee" the reimbursements for the opting-out, the guard services, the permanences, and the so-called "uncomfortable hours" must be understood -- In the application of paragraphs/1, only paragraph, 2 ° and 3 ° for the calculation of these allowances for the second semester 2020, the agrees Coming months from 2019 as a reference used for the activity in combination meter The applicable amounts of during the second semester 2020, whereby the invoicing the period to which the allowance relates is also deducted. ". Art.5. In Article 5 of the same decision, the following changes are made: 1 ° Sections1 and 2 are supplemented with the following sentence respectively: "The same post also contains the corresponding amounts calculated in application of Article 4, § 4." 3 and 4 added, which are as follows: "§ 3. The amount is thus application of article 4, § 3/1, item 2.c. of the provisional settlements that are stamped in Article 9. The same post also contains the In accordance with calculated amounts in application of Article 4, § 4. § 4. The amount in this regard in the application of Article 4, § 3/2 calculated, the item 2.d. of the provisional settlements that have been laid down in Article 9. The same post also contains the amounts calculated in application of Article 4, §4. ". Art. 6. In Article 6 of the same decision, the following changes are made: 1 ° in paragraph 2, the provision under e) is replaced as follows: "e) the guarantee, for the Doctors-Specialistin training (ASO) in the hospital , from the payment of the basic compensation, and the guarantee, for both the Doctors specialists in Training (ASO) and the GPs-in-training (HAIO) in the Hospital of a fair waiting allowance, pro rata the number of permanences performed, and on the other hand of a Reimbursement for their extra activities and extracement costs for the period March, April, May and June2020, both in general and in psychiatric hospitals. " ; 2 ° in the determination) the words "Doctors specialists" are replaced by the words "care providers"; 3 ° in-terms 3, c) and d), the words are "replaced by Article 4, § 4" respectively The words "on the basis of Article 4, § 3"; 4 ° in paragraph 3, the determination below e) is replaced as follows: "e) to guarantee the payment of the basic reimbursement of all ASO in the hospitals, as well as the compensation of all ASO and HAIO in the hospitals for the guard services have taken care of and for their extra activities and extraccal costs, a global amount is allocated for the period March, April, May and June 2020, subdivided into three parts: 2 ° the first part must allow the first part Basic reimbursement, despite falling fee income, to be paid to all ASO, which are charged with a self -employed doctor in the hospital with regard to their entire basic reimbursement for whom the cost of the basic reimbursement is therefore not for the account of a hospital via A Fortions on the fees of the care providers, as referred to in Article 4§ 3 or at the expense of a third party. For the calculation, a comparison is made between the National Honoraria massage tested in the hospitals in the period March, April, May and June 2020 and this in the same period in 2019, taking into account the indexation, for the percentage of decrease in the fees, p, to be determined. The part budget per month is calculated for each hospital as follows: 5000 euros * p * number of VTE ASO monthly base that are charged to an independent doctor in the hospital. On condition Datelke effective has received its basic allowance, the residual balance is used for the payment of other amounts owed to ASO and HAIO in the context of contractual obligations charged an independent doctor, in particular the variable allowances. For the ASO of Wiede basic reimbursement is charged to a hospital , this first part is deemed to be contained in the amount granted on the basis of Article 4, § 3.3 ° the second part must allow all ASO and Haio working in the hospitals during the period March, April, May and June 2020 to pay an indoor amount of 250 euros gross per month per person and cover this amount with the eye, with the eye On the cover of their extra activities and extracement costs as a result of the epidemic. The sub-budget per month is calculated as follows for each hospital: 250euro * 1,2108 * Total number of ASO and Haio on a monthly basis, with each ASO and Haio only in the sub-budget From one hospital can be admitted. Every ASO and Haio involved receives one turning gross premium of 250 euros for the same month. If an ASO or Haio in the context of his internship plan or with regard to the ASO that is financed through a university or scientific institution, a trade show or via defense, outside of an internship plan, worked in several hospitals during the same month of month, then the payment will be paid of the gross premium with regard to that month in mutual agreement between these hospitals entrusted to one hospital. The sub -budget per hospital is, with regard to the ASO or Haio that was included for the same month in the lists of different hospitals as referred to in Article 8, § 6 , revised on the basis of the chosen payment method, as appears to be the system of reporting referred to in Article 10, first paragraph, 3 °. The sub -budgets of the different health homes in which this ASO or Haio worked during the same month and which have paid an amount in application of this provision to the ASO or Haio can be adjusted in function of the number of people performed by the same ASO or Haio in every hospital , to reach a maximum allowance of 250 euros * 1,2108 per individual ASO or Haio over the sub-budgets of the different hospitals. 4 ° The third part forms an envelope at hospital level to: 4 ° despite the COVID-19-Omandigities, the variable allowing the ASO and the extra invoices of the Haioboven to be able to finance the contractually determined fixed monthly fee, to the extent that this is not possible on the basis of the fee income and the first part of the allowance included under 1 ° as stated on honor by the hospital and the medical council in the context of the system of reporting as included in article 10, first paragraph, 3 °. The variable reimbursements of an AsoMaar of the basic compensation according to the list as referred to in Article 8, § 6, first paragraph, the hospital is not paid from this envelope when the variable compensation part of the payment is provided in view of the allowance In Article 4, § 3.- One to be able to provide the circumstances of the COVID-19 Epidemia for ASOEN Haio in the hospital that have worked extra, by increasing the variable compensation for this ASO or via an additional Reimbursement for this Haio. If these variable allowances were already adjusted with a view to the circumstances of the COVID-19 Epidemia, then Maghet Surplus will be settled on this envelope. A possibly balance on this sub-budget will be directly working on the ASO and Haio working in the hospital during the period for which this one allowance is being used by being used in the first place for the deployment of these beneficiaries that is still insufficient or added to the second part as referred to in 2 ° to increase the monthly amount of all ASO and Haio. The sub -budget per month For this third part for each hospital, including the patronal social security contribution on the amounts granted on the basis of these envelope, calculated as follows: 600 euros * Number of VTE ASO and Haio in the hospital. "; 5 ° in paragraph 3, f) and g)the words "Doctors specialists" are funded by "care providers in the hospital by fees" and the words "on the basis of Article 4, § 4" always replaced by the words "on the basis of Article 4, § 3"; 6 ° paragraph 4 is replaced as follows: "§ 4. An allowance is granted before the second semester 2020 according to the same mechanisms as those determined in § 3, with exclusion of the budgets in the provisions under f) and g), and on the understanding that: - the amounts of the parts in paragraph 3, e) each) are only extended if the system of reporting, as referred to in Article 10, first paragraph, 3 °, shows that the amounts of these allowances for the March to June 2020 period are in accordance with The conditions set in this Decree have been paid to the beneficiary ASO and Haio;- the amounts of the allowances of Article6, § 3, a) up to and including d) for the second semester 2020 can each be reduced m et the amounts of the allowances of the first semester 2020 that apparently were paid contrary to the distribution principles of Article 8, as evidenced by the system of reporting, as referred to in Article10, first paragraph, 3 °. "; 7 ° a paragraph 4/1 is added, which reads as follows:" § 4/1. An exceptional incentive premium is awarded to every ASO and have worked on every Haio Dietussen 1 September and 30 November 2020 in a general or psychiatric hospital. This premium is set at 985 euros gross per full-time equivalent, to be increased with the Patronal National Social Security Office 21.08 %. For the calculation of the working time in VTE, the performance time during the first paragraph is taken into account, with the understanding, that periods of the absence of more than 30 calendar days are not taken into account. The sub -budget for this one -off -aging contribution is calculated per hospital as follows: 985 euros * 1,2108 * Number of VTE ASO and Haio in the hospital. Chapter 5 of the same decision will be replaced: «Chapter 5. Allowance compensation that has been stipulated in Article 1, 4 °, for the impact on the activity of the care providers funded by fees in a hospital, as a result of the permanent reservation of a percentage of the capacity of hospital beds for COVID-19 Care ».Art.8. In Article 7 of the same decision, paragraphs 1 to 3 are replaced as follows:" § 1. An allowance is granted for an exceptionally availability feat for the care providers a hospital funded by Honoraria, in order to compensate for the impact on their activity by the obligation to remain available as a result of the mandatory reservation of a percentage of decapacity to both intensive and non-intensive hospital beds The government has imposed the framework of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemia, in order to be able to absorb the need for hospital admissions for COVID-19 in the event of a substantial re-flashing of the epidemic.§ 2. This allowance is calculated per hospital on the basis of the Free -to -keep capacity to be kept from 1 June 2020 and at the latest up to and including 30 September 2021, and only for the months where phase 0 applies, as imposed by the Committee `Hospital & Transport Surge Capacity 'in communication of 17 June 2020, in particular for 15 % of the recognized beds with intensive kara Kter (N) + 4*n non-intensive beds. § 3. Bed per 'reserved' Bed is granted a lump -from -sized grant per month that corresponds to a twelfth of the national average amount of the fees, limited to the part charged to the budget for medical care of the RIZIV, invoiced per bed for hospital enclosures in 2019, indexed with the global index of the fees between 2019 and the year in which this allowance is granted. ". Art.9. In Chapter 5 of the same decision, an Article 7/1 is inserted," Art. 7/1.§ 1. An allowance is granted to grant an exceptional involvement in the care providers in a general hospital financed by fees, to compensate for the impactop their activity of their involvement, on their own initiative or at the request of the chief doctor, in A new task distribution in which they are charged with tasks other than those they normally perform, as a result of the mandatory reservation of a percentage of the capacity of intensive and non-intake hospital beds imposed by the government in the context of the Coronavirus COVID-19 epidemicIn order to be able to take care of the need for hospital admissions for COVID-19. These other tasks can both relate to activities on COVID-19 departments for other activities carried out in the hospital. § 2. This allowance will be granted per hospital from 1 October 2020 and at the latest until 31 December 2020 on the basis of the capacity imposed during the most phase of this period, which corresponds to phase 2b as included in communication from 17 June 2020 by the committee `Hospital & Transport Surge Capacity ', including the Corona High Oxygen Carebedden. If a hospital is eligible for the same month for both an allowance based on Article 7 and an allowance based on Article 7/1, only the allowance is resulting in the highest amount, taking into account Article 8, § 3, first paragraph, assigned to the hospital in question. § 3. Per 'reserved bed' in phase 2B, a fixed -up granting is granted per month that corresponds to a twelfth of the National average of the Honoraria, limited to the part of the budget for medical care of HetRiziv, invoiced per bed For hospital enclosures in 2019, indexed with the Global Index of the Honoraria between 2019 and 2020. The amount per month is awarded on condition that during this month Het Het Het Het Het Het Het Instructions regarding the upscaling of COVID-19 Capacitynavolgde of the Committee `Hospital & Transport Surge Capacity '. § 4. That allowance only applies to independent care providers in the hospital, in view of the exceptional encouragement premium as provided for in Article 74Undecies of the Royal Decree of 25 April 2002 relevant the determination and liquidation of the budget of financial resources of the hospitals for the sealed care providers in the hospital. § 5. The amount thus calculated for the involvement of involvement forms the post 4bis of the provisional calculations that have been established Article 9. ". Art. 10. In Article 8 of the same decision, the following changes are made: 1 ° paragraph 3 is replaced as follows: "§ 3. For hospitals where both independent and sealed care providers are active by fees, the amount of the allowances that result from the calculations under Articles 6.7 and 7/1, with the exception of Article 6, § 3, E ), and who only apply to independent care providers to each of these hospitals proportionally to the share of independent care providers in relation to the VTE of all care providers financed by fees. Defense of the first paragraph, is the amount of the allowances that result from the calculations under Article 6, § 3, only paragraph, a), 1., proportionally to the share of self -employed Doctors compared to the VTE of all doctors in the hospital awarded to each of these hospitals. Department as referred to in the first and second paragraphs are calculated, per semester of 2020, based on the list that the hospital delivers with, For all healthcare providers who are funded by fees, the name, the RIZIV number, the indication or it is about a doctor or another healthcare provider-financed by fees, the working time with a maximum of one per person per month, and the statute, independent or Salaried. The relationship as referred to in the first paragraph is being used for the internal distribution within the hospital of the sub -budgets that are both applicable to the independent and the salary care providers. For the internal distribution of the allowance of Article 7 in 2021, use is made of the ratio per hospital on the basis of the lists for 2020. For the internal distribution within the hospital of the sub -budgets intended for independent care providers, as referred to in the first and second paragraph, or after applying an internal distribution to sub -budgets intended for both articles of association based on the number of VTE per status, as referred to in the fourth paragraph, the budget of the group of independent care providers with regard to a certain semester is divided between the independent doctors on the one hand and the other self -employed care providers on the other hand relatively of the global -generatedhonoraria generated by each of these two groups of self -employed persons on an annual basis, as determined by the hospital, unless the amounts of that semester were already distributed within the hospital or that another agreement has been reached between the Medical council and the ad-hoc organ for the other healthcare providers with the self-employed status as referred to in the Intaragon 5. "; 2 ° paragraph 6 is replaced as follows:" § 6. The allowances for the ASO and Haio included in Article 6, § 3, e)Including the extension of these allowances as provided for in Article 6, § 4, and Article 6, § 4/1, are calculated on the basis of a list, which provides the hospital with for all ASO and Haio working in the hospital during the period for which the allowances are for foreseen, the name, the RIZIV number, and the employment rate month with a maximum of one VTE per person per month, and specifically for the ASO the indication Wiedeze ASO has. Article 6, § 3, E), 2 ° and 3 °, including the amounts pursuant to the extension of these allowances as provided for in Article 6, § 4, and the amount of the allowance included in Article 6, § 4/1, must be integral are used according to the set conditions. The Medical Council of the Decisions, provided that all amounts owed contractually due were effectively paid to the ASO, that the allowance as included in Article 6, § 3, E), 1 °, is used a different use of the distribution principles included in the fourth Member respected to be. The hospital that the allowances of Article 6, § 3, E) and §4/1 will be granted in the context of the provisional settlements on the basis of the employment of DEASO or HAIO during the reference period, takes the necessary measures To guarantee a payment to the Rightheadeaso or Haio, regardless of whether the ASO or Haio is still working in the hospital or has since completed or terminated its training. The amounts pursuant to the extension of the allowances in Article 6, § 3, E), on the basis of Article 6, § 4, and the amount of the allowance included in article 6, § 4/1, are provisionally allocated to these hospitals and can be able to are revised by the final settlement based on the amount paid out to the ASO and Haio and the specification of the modalities provided for in this Decree, as evidenced by the system of reporting intention in Article 10, first paragraph, 3 °. With regard to the amounts awarded on the basis of Articles 6, 7 and 7/1, with the exception of the allowances as referred to in the second paragraph, the distribution first of all provides for reimbursing the deployment or tasks as included in these articles on the basis of objective variables established by the body charged with the distribution. The distribution is done among all care providers financed by fees and who are actually involved in the context of care during the period of coverage of the allowances, and in the case of priority in the Covid- 19-Care, or in the context of the management of that epidemic in the hospital. The authority taxed with the distribution may, after agreeing a correct intervention for the deployment or tasks as described in these articles, decide to use the remaining Amounts for the supplement of other allowances for this decision or other efforts of the care provision RS who belong to his authority, to the extent that it concerns an intervention for and in a collision of a real contribution in the hospital of care providers who are funded by fees and who are actually involved in the context of the care during the period at which the allowances are applied, and With priority in COVID-19 Care, or in the context of the management of this epidemic in the hospital. Also for this other use, the body -objective variables charged with the distribution are recorded that insure an use of the benefit of not or insufficient reimbursement, on the understanding that loss of income does not make a variable that may be eligible. Due to the authority taxed by the distribution for all potential beneficiaries, a transparent method of the use criteria applied. "; 3 ° paragraph 7 is replaced as follows:" § 7. Any deposit resulting from the amounts that under Articles6, 7 and 7/1 have been granted, the hospital must be documented on the basis of the distribution die by the Medical Council for the Medical Healthcare Providers or by the AD-HOC authority for other care providers, so that a report to the federal government can demonstrate that those allowance for the benefit can be taken The objectives have been used. In particular with regard to the ASO and Haio, Documentation Hospital for each ASO and Haio for each allowance and period involved, which amounts have been paid to them and the date of payment of these amounts, so that this is the reporting to the federal government as provided in Article 10 , first paragraph, 3 °, can complete. ". Art. 11. The following changes are made in Article9 of the same decision: 1 ° paragraphs 1 and 2 are replaced as follows:" § 1. The items 1, 2.a,, 2.b, 2.c, 2.d, 34 and 4bis as defined above for each semester added per hospital, insofar as they apply for that semester. The result that is obtained for each semester is compared with the sum of deevenual advances assigned to the hospital in the same semester, in Application of the Royal Decree No 10 of 19 April 2020, amended by Royal Decree No. 35 of 24 June 2020, and leads to a provisional settlement per semester. Any positive balance to favor the hospital is deducted from any negative balances charged to this self -employed hospital resulting from the provisional settlements of previous semesters, starting with the oldest negative balance, as a result of which the whole of the semester and the previous person concerned Semesters, is clear. The first provisional settlement with regard to the first semester 2020 will be carried out at the earliest in the course of the second semester 2020. Detweede provisional settlement with regard to the second semester, with any precisions for the first semester, at the earliest during the first semester 2021. The third party. Provisional settlement of Met relationship up to 2021 and any legal settings for the previous semesters, will be carried out at the earliest in the second semester 2021. § 2. For the adoption per hospital of the final settlement per semester, the added items 1 t.e.m. will be carried out. 2.D. Next elements deducted: a) An amount per employee in temporary unemployment if the hospital has appealed to the system of temporary unemployment for employees included between costsplace020 to 899 during a semester for which allowances as referred to in Article 1, 2 °, Hospital are granted, calculated from March 2020. This amount is calculated on the basis of the average cost per VTE on an annual basis in all hospitals, as included in the Finhosta data from the year in which temporary unemployment was applied, for the personnel category, such as Outdoor Appendix 4, Section 4 of the Royal Decree of 6 December 2020 containing the rules of the Rules The period according to which the administrator of the hospital announces the financial situation, of the business outcomes, of the report of the company reviewer and all statistical data Diemet are establishment to which the Wer Knemer in question belongs, in relation to the redemption time per month of the employee concerned, expressed in VTE, during the semester in question. For the determination of the number of VTE in temporary unemployment, each hospital makes a statement on honor to the FPS VVVL with a list of employees as described above per personnel categories with the number of FTE per month in temporary unemployment. The hospital has used federal stocks of personal protective equipment, pharmaceutical products and/or medical devices. "; 2 ° paragraph 4 is replaced as follows:" § 4. If the provisional settlement per semester, after any settlements on the negative balances of previous semesters As referred to in paragraph 1, a positive balance to favor the hospital, this positive difference will be directly on the bank account of the hospital, in application of art. 3/1 of the Royal Decree No 10 of 19 April 2020, as amended by Royal Decree No. 35 of 24 June 2020. If the provisional settlement Semester, has a negative balance charged to the hospital, the reimbursement by Het Hospital will be arranged are replaced as a negative catch -up amount in the budget of financial resources of Het Hospital that follows the final settlement of the semester in question, taking into account purposes that are now taking place as referred to in paragraph 1. "; 3 ° paragraph5, first paragraph, follows: "In 2023, when the amounts on which the hospital's care providers concerned are entitled to the first and second semester 2020, the regularization, positive or negative, becomes between these definitive amounts and the provisional amounts that were taken into account in the context of The provisional settlements, as a certain corresponding first paragraph, included under the V. ORM of the booking of a catch -up amount in the budget of financial resources of 1 July 2023 of each hospital for the first semester 2020 and of 1 January 2024 before the Second Semester 2020. In 2024, the amounts with regard to the first semester 2021 and the same comparison will be performedof which the regularization is included in the form of the booking of a catch -up amount in the budget of financial resources of 1 July 2024 of each hospital. "Art.12. Article 10 of the same decision is replaced as follows:" Art. 10. The definitive allocation of the exceptional federal financial allowances depends on compliance with the following triple conditions that will be verified at the latest in the final settlement: 1 ° An agreement is concluded to increase the fee supplements with the purpose of the costs of the epidemic as a result of the Coronavirus COVID-19 to move through; 2 ° the payment scheme that is applied to the hospital, does not lead to higher payments than those that were applied 2019 with the costs of the Epidemia as a result of the Coronavirus COVID-19 sliding through 3 ° the hospitals, the medical councils and the possible ad hoc organ must provide Defod VVVL and the RIZIV information about the way in which they have used the allocated amounts, and this according to a system of reporting that will be worked out by the aforementioned administrations. On the first two conditions of the first paragraph must be met In the period that starts on 11 March2020 and runs until the end of the period in which the exceptional federal financial benefits are applied. If these two conditions are not met, the hospital must refund the amounts received on the basis of Articles 4, 6, 7 and 7/1 in relation to the exceedances found. ". Art.13. In Chapter 8 of the same decision, a Article 10/1 inserted, reading: "Art. 10/1.§ 1. With regard to the information provided in the context of the implementation of the ministerial declarations as referred to in Article 3, § 2 and in the context of Article 8, §§ 3, 6 and Article 9, § 2 , only paragraph, a) and Article 10, first paragraph, 3 °, the designated official or arranged as referred to in Article 127 of the Coordinated Act of 10 July 2008 at the hospitals and other care establishments at the Hospital manager, the Medical Council and The possibly'ad HOC organ ', and the Department for Medical Evaluation and Control of the RIZIV, as referred to in article 139 of the Coordinated Act of 14 July 1994 on mandatory insurance for medical provision and benefits coordinated on July 14, 1994, with the caregivers, All data for the usefulness is useful for the control and validation of the transferred data. The information provided by the aforementioned provisions of this Decree can be adjusted on the basis of the findings through the FPS VVVL and the Service for Medical Evaluation and Control of the RIZIV, and then processed in the context of the definitive settlements of the allowance and period of which the data relates. These adjustments are communicated in accordance with Article 108 of the coordinated law of 10 July 2008 on hospitals and other care establishments.§ 2. Amounts that are apparently conformed to the anticipated objectives and modalities, individual care providers, as shown from the Reporting System provided for in Article 10 , Primary member, 3 °, or from the audit of the information transferred in that context, the procedure for the proceedings may be reclaimed in Article 164, third paragraph of the coordinated law of 14 July 1994 concerned compulsory insurance for medical care and benefits Coordinated on July 14 1994. ". Art.14. This Decree comes into effect on 12 November 2020.Art. 15. The minister is responsible for socialZaken and Public Health charged with the implementation of this decision.brussel, 26 September2021.filip of Koningswege: the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health, F.VandenbrouckePublication: 2021-09-30numac: 2021021967federal Public Health Service, Safety of the Food Chain and Leefmilieu26 September 2021.-Royal Decree to amend the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for an exceptional federal financial allowance to The hospitals in the context of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemiekerslag on the Koningsire, the design of the Royal Decree that I have the honor of submitting your Majesty to signing, the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 determines the further rules for The interpretation of an exceptional federal financial allowance to the hospitals in the Framework to supplement the COVID-19 Epidemia (hereinafter: KB UFFT) and to make various technical adjustments to this. The main additions relate to:- a temporal expansion naar The second semester 2020 of certain allowances (allowances with regard to the descending activity and the additional activities of care providers). There is also an end date for the additional cost charges and the availability faat, namely 30 September 2021;-a material expansion of the allowances by providing a contribution to the hospitals for 2020, taking into account the missed income from personal shares of patients and patients because of patients who are not connected via an insurance institution. For the independent care providers financed by Honoraria, there is a plan for the period in which the hospitals were in phase 2b of the 'Surge Capacity' plan. The incentive premium for the Doctors-Specialistin Training (ASO) and the General Practitioners-in-Training (HAIO) in Hospital Internship, in accordance with the premium for the hospital staff as provided for in Article 74undecies of the Royal Decree of 25 April2002 on determination and the Vere FFEEN OF THE BUCKET OF FINANCIAL REGULATIONS OF THE HOSPITALS. The allowance for the ASO is split into three parts: the guarantee for the basic compensation, a monthly gross premium of EUR 250 and the distribution of a hospital -wide envelope. These last two also apply to the Haio in Hospital Internship;- A number of control measures are being explicit, or, with regard to extensions to the second semester, more strongly anchored. Articles 1 and 9 provide an allowance for the months of October to December 2020 for the Independent care providers funded by fees who have carried out other activities within the hospital on his own initiative or at the request of the chief doctor as a result of the "Hopsital & Transportsurge Capacity" committee in this period. The design of this financing is to know an amount in proportion to the deployment shown. Article 2 describes which personnel costs are covered with allowances in the context of the KB UFFT.ikel 3 contains a few technical adjustments and records an end date for the flat -rate reimbursements at 30 September 2021. article4 contains technical corrections and in an expansion of the allowances:- Single-for-voorfaitary compensation is provided for the missed income of hospitals from invoicing the patient on the basis of the tariff regulation of health insurance. After all, these are the health insurance policy in the logicavan part of the reimbursement for the operating costs of the hospitals;-- an intervention is provided to cover the missed revenues for care to patients who are not affiliated with an insurance institution- the foreseen compensions are extended the second Semester 2020. If it appears that certain ASO and Haio that are borne by the hospital were not paid, these amounts can be deducted from the warranty on the payments of the following semester. Item 5 clarifies in which settlement items are included in Article 6 Various extensions and clarifications are included:-Based allowances are extended to the Haio who were eligible in hospital internships during the period of time--the term 'doctors' specialists' is replaced by' care provider-financed by Honoraria 'in view of the allowance for the benefit of all Zorgverle Ners financed Doorhonoraria involved in the activity. .- The reference to the allowance for the benefits guarantees is corrected- The allowance included in Article 6, §3, E) of the KB UFFT is expanded, refined and split into three parts:- The first part still relates to basic reimbursement for the ASO. Here it is clarified that it will be the ASO that is charged to an independent doctor, to avoid a double financing. After all, some ASO are paid through the payments on the fees, in which it is met in Article 4, § 3, of the KB UFFT, and other ASO for their basic reimbursements are proceeds from a third party (Defense, Academic or Scientific Institution, financed via a fair ). The purpose of this allowance is primarily to guarantee the basic allowance. The applicant remains a residual balance, this must be used to comply with the other contractual obligations with regard to ASO and Haio, to the extent that they are charged to an independent doctor. In particular, it initiates the so -called "variable reimbursements". After all, the 'warranty' aims to limit the fee of the ASO to the basic compensation (the total gross fee per month of 5,000Eur included in the calculation formula covers both the gross cost of the basic reimbursement and of the variable costs). In Article 10 of the Decree, Article 8 of the KB UFFT is amended to clarifying a different use is possible, to the extent that this meets the requirements included in the decisions on condition that the ASO and Haio have obtained their contractually lawful reimbursements. This allegation thus aims to anchor the principle of a 'guarantee' clearer and avoid that this allowance is used to illuminate the 'usual costs' on the fee, without there being a proportional impact on the Honoraria income by the COVID-19 -epidemic-The second part must allow every ASO and Haio working in the hospital to provide a gross premium of 250 euros gross per month. If they worked in several hospitals, the payment is made in mutual agreement between these hospitals to ensure that this ASO will only receive the gross amount once paid per month. This is checked in this way on the basis of the reporting system of reporting. A third part consists of an envelope hospital level that, if necessary, finance a share of the variable reimbursements of the ASO and the extra facturations of the Haio financed could be. In addition to this use, which should be limited to the necessary, the design of this allowance for the ASO and Haio that have been used to reimburse an increase in their variable compensation for the ASO, or an additional allowance, regarding the Haio concerns. If it had already been decided in the hospital to grant extra amounts in the context of COVID-19, the surplus with regard to the usual reimbursements may be settled on the envelope. A balance on this envelope must always be used for the benefit of the ASOEN Haio who worked in the hospital during the month concerned: either in the form of a specific compensation for an ASO or Haio to recognize a special deployment or by increasing of the monthly gross premium of all ASO and HAIO.- The allowances in Article 6, a) t.e.M.E) of the KB UFFT are extended to the second semester 2020.- This extension is made the allowances in e) dependent on the respect of the conditions set out to avoid amounts that are not used for the intended purpose. contrary to the distribution principles in the decision -receiving principles were paid by deducting them from the settlement ofh et subsequent semester. Provisions of Article 7 of the KB UFFT more clearly formulated and a limit in time is provided by adding an end date. In Article 9 of the Decree, a new allowance is provided for, namely an "involvement of involvement." This is awarded for the months of October to December 2020 on the basis of the number of reserved beds in phase 2b. This `envelope 'is intended to grant an amount to independent care providers funded Doorhonoraria in the hospital who voluntarily or commissioned by the main doctor The tasks that they usually perform were charged with other tasks. In Article 10 of the amendment decision, a number of clarifications and adjustments are provided:- The allocation of allowance to independent care providers funded by fees take into account the number of FTE of the independent care providers with regard to the total Number of FTE from healthcare providers funded by Honoraria. This initiates only a clarification of what was meant by the reference to 'share' and the relationship met the requested 'employment rate'-- for the award to the hospital of the permanence honoraria at the level of 2019, it will be charged with Detestion of independent doctors with regard to the FTE of all doctors. This adjustment takes into account that these fees can only be charged by doctors. This is an expansion of the allowance. However, the amount awarded is not reserved for the distribution by Demedic Council or to independent doctors. This amount is, as other amounts for independent care providers, divided between the medical council and the 'ad hoc' organ for other independent care providers financed by Honoraria, in other words between the independent doctors and the independent other care providers financed. After all, it is not an income guarantee, but an allowance for Voordelevan both doctors and other healthcare providers funded by fees who cared for permanences involved COVID-19 period- A distribution method is provided for the budgets for independent care providers funded by fees, namely between independent doctors and the Deandere care providers funded by fees. Since the budgets for salary providers financed by fees end up with one decision-making body, namely the hospital, this group does not provide an explicit split for this group. It is clarified that the calculations of the allowances for the ASO and Haio are also leaving from lists supplied by the hospital.-- The granting options to the individual care providers are clearly paid. A hospital that has a positive balance for a given semester, has a negative balance or negative provisional balances from previous semesters. This is to avoid that additional deposits are charged to the health insurance, while amounts are still being recovered. At the time of the final settlement, account is taken of all the last-optional information;- The provision on temporary unemployment is adjusted to approach correctly appropriate cost price of the employee concerned who was set at temporary unemployment. by clarifying on the first two conditions that there may be the intention to pass the costs related to the COVID-19 crisis to the patient. This is not the case if an increase in fee supplements or payments is the result of fixed investment decisions , where the COVID-19 Epidemia has no influence on the origin of the resources and there would have been an increase without the COVID-19 crisis. These terms and conditions with regard to the increases of fee supplements or payments continue to apply ZOLIZER. There are allowances. Article 13 of the Decree adds a new Article 10/1 to the KB UFTT in which it is explicit that the usual check by the file managers of the FPS VVVL and the Department of Medical Evaluation and Control of the RIZIV remains applicable. In view of the amounts of health insurance, amounts can be reclaimed in accordance with the Procedure of Procedure in the Mandatory Insurance Act for Medical Care and Benefits.ikel14 of the Decree provides an entry into force on 12 November 2020, in accordance with the entry into force of the KB UFFT that by the present decision is being amended. I have the honor to be, Sire, Vanuwe Majesteit, the very respectful and very faithful servant, the Minister of Social Sea and Public Health, f. Vandenbroucke26 September 2021. - Royal Decree amending the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for the granting of an exceptional federal financial allowance to the hospitals in the Coronavirus COVID -19 Epidemy pill, King of the Belgians, to All Dienu are and hereinafter, our greeting on the Constitution, Article 108; Given the coordinated law of 10 July 2008 on hospitals and other care establishments, articles92, 101, first paragraph, 2 °, 105, § 1 and 127; At the Royal Decree No 10 of 19 April 2020 for the allocation and rules for the distribution and liquidation of an advance, the general hospitals in the context of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemia, Article 3/1, inserted by Royal Decree No. 35 of 24 June 2020, ratified by the law of 24 December 2020; in view of the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for the award of an exceptional federal financial allowance to the hospitals in the context of the Coronaviruscovid-19 epidemic; in view of the advice of the Federal Hospital Facilities Council, given on 12 November 2020; in view of Article 8 of the Act of 15 December 2013 concerning diverse provisions Administrative simplification, this decision is exempt from a regulatory impact analysis. The urgency motivated by the need to give the hospitals a clear picture as quickly as possible with regard to their rights for the 2020s and 2021 on the advances and possibly benefits; in view of the inspector's advice of Finance, given on 23 August2021; Having regard to the approval of the State Secretary for Budget, given on 7 September2021In view of the Commission Decree of 20 December 2011 on the application of article 106 (2) of the Treaty on the Function of the European Union on state aid of compensation for the public service, granted to the provisions of services of services of general economic importance taxed companies; in view of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated top 12 January 1973, Article 3, § 1; Having regard to the urgent necessity; Mostly in the context of legal certainty, hospitals must take a clear picture as quickly as possible with regard to their rights before the 2020s and 2021 on the advances and possibly additional means; organization again to be able to keep up with the evolutions in the regular care questions; that they must be able to release and use their own resources or to be available to funds from investors or banks to supplement the audience medels; whereas the COVID-19 support measures for various other sectors on September 30, 2021; Whereas the COVID-19 stabilizes crisis and we are evolving to a state where it becomes a normal state that COVID-19 patients are included in hospitals, without this still the entire organization of those hospitals will influence; overwe that it is therefore necessary that the allowances for the hospital sector also run on September 30, 2021 in a context of equal treatment, all the more so these allowances no longer correspond to proportional costs; Present changes in this provision in the contemporaryity; as well as any other care providers who leave the hospital; mostly the hospitals, certain revenues with a source other than the health insurance policy, namely these affiliated with the personal share of the patient and these with regard to patients who are not affiliated with an insurance institution, as referred to in the Law of 14 July 1994 concerned compulsory insurance for medical care and benefits; that this income from a delogica of the compulsory health insurance is a functional complement in the compensation of the working costs of the hospitals and is necessary to ensure continuity in care capacity; predominantly modified during the period from July to September 2020, the resumption of the normal hospital activity was limited Because of the arrested sanitary measures and the continued measures to keep an overs hospital capacity available to be able to accommodate a possible revival of the epidemic; that from October 2020 there was a strong revival of the epidemic and that a scaling up of the COVID-19 capacity was carried out In the context of the Surge Capacity Plan based on the different phases, provided by the `Hospital & Transport Surge Capacity 'committee, which meant that hospitals and hospital care providers had to focus on care for COVID-19 patients and to restrict himself for the rest of the patient n who needed non-adjustable and urgent care; that new wave also occurred from mid -March 2021; whereas this health crisis brings enormous pressure for the care providers who continue to commit to the needs to the needs again and again; that by the Royal Decree of 14 December 2020 amending the Royal Decree of 25 April 2002 on the adoption and liquidation of the budget of financial resources of the hospitals, an exceptional incentive premium is provided for employees on the Payroll of a hospital, as well as to every interim staff member and on the Personeelatat has been made by a provincial or local government service or by another entity to a hospital; And that measures are taken through this present decision to also provide fair support with the Doctors specialists in Training (ASO) and the General Practitioners-in-Training (Haio) in the hospital and of the independent care providers who remain involved in hospital care , but undergo a thorough change in their computing as a result of the current contextOn the nomination of the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health and on the advice of the Meeting Meminers in the Council, we have decided and we decide: Article 1. In Article 1, sole paragraph, of the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further Rules for the allocation of an exceptional federal financial allowance to the hospitals in the context of the Coronaviruscovid-19 Epidemia, the provision under 4 ° is replaced as follows: "4 ° the impact of the obligatory reservation of a percentage of the capacity of hospital beds for COVID -19 Care on the activity of the care providers financed by fees, or because they remain obliged to remain available for this reserved capacity due to their employability for COVID-19 Care, or because of this reorganization of the care capacity, other tasks perform at the hospital-level dan . ". Art. 2. In Article 2, § 2 of the same decision, the provision under b) is replaced as follows: "b) additional personnel costs, in particular additional staffing set within a cost center between 020 and 899 as provided for in the Royal Decree of 14 August1987 providing determination of The minimum classification of the general accounting system for hospitals, overophet regular staff, and with the exception of both the sampling staff and the support staff financed by the Healthcare Personnel Fund, established implementation of the Law of 9 December 2019 in addition, will also be introduced; Also other additional personnel costs for the allowance, which are, for example, related to additional performance and guard services, in addition to the regular performance and services; ". Art. 3. In Article 3 of the same decision, the following changes are made: 1 ° paragraph 1 is replaced as follows: "§ 1. The flat -rate allowance, intended in Article 2, § 1, for the costs in Article2, § 2, be taken into account, it is recorded as follows: a) For the COVID-19-Care of the hospital, one-off is awarded:-To the general hospitals: an amountper COVID-19 bed that was prepared for COVID-19 care. The number of COVID-19 Beds that are eligible for each hospital is the total of COVID-19 Beds as laid down in a ministerial decision-to the psychiatric hospitals: a fixed amount per paid VTE charged to a cost center between 020 and 899; the number paid; VTE is recorded from the Finhosta data for the year2018; b) for care to COVID-19 patients is granted up to and including 30 September 2021:-A amount per nursing day for a COVID-19 patient. This amount differs as it goes To nursing a non-intensive unity and on an intensive unity. During the amount per nursing day on a non-intensive unit, an additional distinction is made between general and psychiatric hospitals. With the amount per nursing day on an intensive unit, an additional distinction is made between patient without respiratory support, with respiratory support and extracorporal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) patients-an amount per patient for the COVID-19 and COVID-19-SUSPPECTIPS who used up falls were seen, as defined by Sciensano; C) for the care of non-COVID-19-Patients is granted for the months in which additional protection measures are applicable in the context of the Coronaviruscovid-19 Epidemia and at the latest up to and including 30 September 2021: a fix that the additional costs on non-Covid-19 services covers. This lump sum is calculated on the basis of the number of VTEs paid from a cost center between 020 and 899. This lump sum can differ between general hospitals and psychiatric hospitals. "; 2 ° paragraph 3 is replaced as follows:" §3. The amounts thus allocated forms post 1 of the provisional settlements provided for in Article 9 of the semester to which they relate. ". Art. 4. In Article 4 of the same decision, the following changes are made: 1 ° paragraph 2 is replaced as follows : "§2. The flat -rate allowances, aimed in the first paragraph, are laid down as follows: 1 ° the budget of financial resources of the hospitals served on January 1, 2020 and applicable for the period of the first semester 2020 is 100 % guaranteed both for patients DIVIA a Insurance institution are affiliated as for patients who are not affiliated with an insurance institution, by an allowance that is equal to the amount that is determined after deduction of the invoices for the first semester of 2020 of the variable part. If this amount is less than zero, the allowance will be set to zero2 ° the budget of the RIZIV agreements is guaranteed, including the personal share of the patient, per type of agreement, by allowance that is calculated on the basis of the amounts applicable for each typevan agreement for the period March, April, May And June 2020, but it is determined on the basis of the activity in the same reference period in the year 2019, as it is included in `Documents FH '2019 of the RIZIV. The allowance is granted after deduction of the invoice for the performance issued in the period March, April, May and June 2020, to the extent that a positive amount remains. Dehonoraria that may be included in those RIZIV agreements are not covered by the guarantee granted; 3 ° The budget is guaranteed for each type of lump sum for the day hospital by a diebered allowance on the basis of the amounts that apply to each type of lump sum for The Periodaart, April, May and June 2020, but determined on the basis of the activity in the same reference period in the year 2019, as it is included in `Documents FH '2019 of the RIZIV. The allowance will be taken after deduction of the invoicing for the performance carried out in the period March, April, May ENJUNI 2020, to the extent that a positive amount remains; 4 ° the budget of the Medicinesforfaits is guaranteed by an allowance, which is calculated on the basis of the applicable Budget for the period March, April, May and June 2020 and will be granted after deduction of the invoications for the Periodaart, April, May and June 2020 of those fixed amounts, insofar as a positive amount remains. "; 2 ° a paragraph 3/ 1 inserted, reading: "§ 3/1. For the period March, April, May and June 2020, a flat -rate allowance is granted to the hospitals in order to take into account the lost income that relates to the amounts that are based on the rating regulation of the compulsory medical in view of the reduction activity care and benefits are the patient's expense. This fixed allowance consists of the following parts: 1 ° An allowance to take into account the reduced departure on the personal shares of the fees as referred to in paragraph 3. This allowance is calculated according to the method applied in paragraph 3 to the part of these Honoraria charged to the patient for the involved period; 2 ° an allowance for the lost lump sum share of the patient's drugs during a admission to general hospitals. This income is guaranteed as a complement on the allowance included in paragraph 2, only paragraph, 4 °, to an amount based on the activity in the 2019 reference period and the amounts applicable in 2020. This allowance is granted after deduction of the invoications of this Personal share in the period March, April, May and June 2020; 3 ° an allowance with which the income with regard to the delivery margin implants and invasive medical devices that are repaid by the mandatory insurance for medical care and benefits for the period March, April, May and June 2020, guaranteed to be an amount based on the volume of these bills during the same period in the year 2019, as included in the `Documents AZV 'of the RIZIV, and the 2020 index and accounting for the established limit amounts. This allowance is granted after deduction of the invoicing of this delivery margin with regard to episodes carried out in the period March, April, Meien June 2020. "; 3 ° a section 3/2 is inserted, reading:" § 3/2. For the period March, April, May and June 2020, a flat-rate allowance is provided to take into account the lost income with regard to care to patients who are not affiliated with an insurance institution (hereinafter: `non-VI patients') as a result of the reduced activity, and this in accordance with the provided allowances included in paragraphs 2, only paragraph 2 ° to 4 °, 3 and 3/1, on the understanding that: - for the calculation of the compensation for non -VI -Patients in accordance with the allowances in paragraph 2 , only paragraph, 2 ° and 3 °, the amount of income for the same period, as referred to in the aforementioned provisions, is multiplied at the activity level of the reference period in 2019 with the percentage of non-VI patients as follows the Finhosta collection 2019 (hereinafter: the % Non-VI 2019). These amounts are allocated to deduction of the product of the 2020 product for the period concerned, as referred to in the corresponding provisions, with the percentage of non-VI patients as follows from the Finhosta data collection 2020 (hereinafter: the % non-VI 2020)-For the calculation of the compensation for non-VI patiently the allowance in paragraph 2, only paragraph, 4 °, it is guaranteed for the same period, it is guaranteed 2020, as referred to in the aforementioned provision, by the % non-VI 2020;-for the calculation of the allowance for non-VI patients in accordance with the allowances in sections 3 and 3/1, only paragraph, 1 °, when applying the steps of paragraph 3, the amount 'invoicing 2020' with regard to the same period is multiplied by the % Non-VI 2020 and the amount` invoicing 2019 'with regard to the corresponding reference period 2019 Multiplied by the% Non-VI 2019;-for the calculation of the allowance for non-VI patients corresponding allowances in paragraph 3/1, single member , 2 ° and 3 °, it is guaranteed for the same period on the basis of these provisions multiplied by the % non-VI 2019. These amounts are allocated deduction of deduction the product of the included invoications for involved period of the allowance, as referred to in the corresponding provisions, with the % non-VI 2020. "; 4 ° paragraph 4 is replaced as follows:" § 4. An allowance is granted for the second Semester2020, according to the same mechanisms as these in paragraphs 2, 3, 3/1 and 3/2, on the understanding that:-In the application of paragraph 2, only paragraph, 1 ° on the one hand the financial resources budget that was proceeded becomes on 1 July 2020 and on the other hand the invoicing of the second semester 2020 taken into account;-in the application of paragraph 2, only paragraph, 2 ° and 3 °, the allowances for the months of the second semester 2020 are calculated on the basis of the amounts applicable during the second semester2020 and based on the activity during the second semester 2019. For the reduction in these provisions with invoications prior to the allocation of the allowance, account will be taken into account e invoicing of the performance carried out during the second semester 2020;- in the application of paragraph 2, only paragraph, 4 °, this allowance is calculated on the basis of the applicable budget for the period of the second semester 2020 and the allowances are granted after deduction of defactation during the period of the second semester 2020 of those fixed-ups;- in the application of paragraphs 3 and 3/1, only member, 1 °, only steps 1 and 3 are repeated, based on the months in the second semester of 2020 where the comparison is carried out with the second semester of the reference year 2019;-if the basic allowance and/or variable allowances of the Doctors-Specialistin Training (ASO) or reimbursements of the GPs-in-training (Haio) are employed in the hospital from the hospital Through the deductions on the fees of the care providers, and the hospital these amounts not or only partially paid out on the ASO or Haio working in the hospital-proof The period March to December 2020 as evidenced by the reporting system referred to in Article 10, first paragraph, 3 °, then the amount of the allowance will be provided for in paragraph 3 before the second semester 2020 reduced by the unpaid amounts for the benefit of this ASO or Haio. Under "Variable fee" the reimbursements for the opting-out, the guard shifts, the permanences, and the so-called "uncomfortable hours";- when applying paragraph3/1, only paragraph, 2 And 3 ° For the calculation of these allowances for the second semester 2020, the corresponding months from 2019 are used as a reference for the activity in combination meter The applicable amounts of during the second semester 2020, whereby also the invoice time the period on which The allowance relates is deducted. ". Art.5. In Article 5 of the same decision, the following changes are made: 1 ° Sections1 and 2 are supplemented with the following sentence respectively: "The same post also contains the corresponding amounts in application of Article 4, § 4."2 ° SamenRraafs 3 and 4 are added, which read as follows: "§ 3. The amount is thus application of article 4, § 3/1, the item 2.c. of the provisional settlements that are stamped in Article 9. The same item also contains the amounts calculated in application of Article 4, § 4. § 4. The amount in this way applies in the application of Article 4, § 3/25, of the provisional settlements laid down in Article 9 The same post also contains the amounts calculated in accordance with Article 4, §4. ". Art. 6. In Article 6 of the same decision, the following changes are made: 1 ° in paragraph 2, the provision under e) is replaced as follows: "e) the guarantee, for the Doctors-Specialistin training (ASO) in the hospital , from the payment of the basic compensation, and the guarantee, for both the Doctors specialists in Training (ASO) and the GPs-in-training (HAIO) in the Hospital of a fair waiting allowance, pro rata the number of permanences performed, and on the other hand of a Reimbursement for their extra activities and extracement costs for the period March, April, May and June2020, both in general and in psychiatric hospitals. " ; 2 ° in the determination) the words "Doctors specialists" are replaced by the words "care providers"; 3 ° in-terms 3, c) and d), the words are "replaced by Article 4, § 4" respectively The words "on the basis of Article 4, § 3"Publication: 2021-09-30numac: 2021021967federal Public Health Service, Safety of the Food Chain and Leefmilieu26 September 2021.-Royal Decree to amend the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for an exceptional federal financial allowance to The hospitals in the context of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemiekerslag on the Koningsire, the design of the Royal Decree that I have the honor of submitting your Majesty to signing, the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 determines the further rules for The interpretation of an exceptional federal financial allowance to the hospitals in the Framework to supplement the COVID-19 Epidemia (hereinafter: KB UFFT) and to make various technical adjustments to this. The main additions relate to:- a temporal expansion naar The second semester 2020 of certain allowances (allowances with regard to the descending activity and the additional activities of care providers). There is also an end date for the additional cost charges and the availability faat, namely 30 September 2021;-a material expansion of the allowances by providing a contribution to the hospitals for 2020, taking into account the missed income from personal shares of patients and patients because of patients who are not connected via an insurance institution. For the independent care providers financed by Honoraria, there is a plan for the period in which the hospitals were in phase 2b of the 'Surge Capacity' plan. The incentive premium for the Doctors-Specialistin Training (ASO) and the General Practitioners-in-Training (HAIO) in Hospital Internship, in accordance with the premium for the hospital staff as provided for in Article 74undecies of the Royal Decree of 25 April2002 on determination and the Vere FFEEN OF THE BUCKET OF FINANCIAL REGULATIONS OF THE HOSPITALS. The allowance for the ASO is split into three parts: the guarantee for the basic compensation, a monthly gross premium of EUR 250 and the distribution of a hospital -wide envelope. These last two also apply to the Haio in Hospital Internship;- A number of control measures are being explicit, or, with regard to extensions to the second semester, more strongly anchored. Articles 1 and 9 provide an allowance for the months of October to December 2020 for the Independent care providers funded by fees who have carried out other activities within the hospital on his own initiative or at the request of the chief doctor as a result of the "Hopsital & Transportsurge Capacity" committee in this period. The design of this financing is to know an amount in proportion to the deployment shown. Article 2 describes which personnel costs are covered with allowances in the context of the KB UFFT.ikel 3 contains a few technical adjustments and records an end date for the flat -rate reimbursements at 30 September 2021. article4 contains technical corrections and in an expansion of the allowances:- Single-for-voorfaitary compensation is provided for the missed income of hospitals from invoicing the patient on the basis of the tariff regulation of health insurance. After all, these are the health insurance policy in the logicavan part of the reimbursement for the operating costs of the hospitals;-- an intervention is provided to cover the missed revenues for care to patients who are not affiliated with an insurance institution- the foreseen compensions are extended the second Semester 2020. If it appears that certain ASO and Haio that are borne by the hospital were not paid, these amounts can be deducted from the warranty on the payments of the following semester. Item 5 clarifies in which settlement items are included in Article 6 Various extensions and clarifications are included:-Based allowances are extended to the Haio who were eligible in hospital internships during the period of time--the term 'doctors' specialists' is replaced by' care provider-financed by Honoraria 'in view of the allowance for the benefit of all Zorgverle Ners financed Doorhonoraria involved in the activity. .- The reference to the allowance for the benefits guarantees is corrected;- the allowance included in Article 6, §3, e) of the KB UFFT is expandedRefined and split into three parts:- The first part still relates to basic reimbursement for the ASO. Here it is clarified that it will be the ASO that is charged to an independent doctor, to avoid a double financing. After all, some ASO are paid through the payments on the fees, in which it is met in Article 4, § 3, of the KB UFFT, and other ASO for their basic reimbursements are proceeds from a third party (Defense, Academic or Scientific Institution, financed via a fair ). The purpose of this allowance is primarily to guarantee the basic allowance. The applicant remains a residual balance, this must be used to comply with the other contractual obligations with regard to ASO and Haio, to the extent that they are charged to an independent doctor. In particular, it initiates the so -called "variable reimbursements". After all, the 'warranty' aims to limit the fee of the ASO to the basic compensation (the total gross fee per month of 5,000Eur included in the calculation formula covers both the gross cost of the basic reimbursement and of the variable costs). In Article 10 of the Decree, Article 8 of the KB UFFT is amended to clarifying a different use is possible, to the extent that this meets the requirements included in the decisions on condition that the ASO and Haio have obtained their contractually lawful reimbursements. This allegation thus aims to anchor the principle of a 'guarantee' clearer and avoid that this allowance is used to illuminate the 'usual costs' on the fee, without there being a proportional impact on the Honoraria income by the COVID-19 -Pidemie;-the second part must allow every ASO and Haio working in the hospital to provide a gross premium of 250 euros gross per month. If they worked in several hospitals, the payment is made in mutual agreement between these hospitals to ensure that this ASO will only receive the gross amount once paid per month. This is checked in this way on the basis of the reporting system of reporting. A third part consists of an envelope hospital level that, if necessary, finance a share of the variable reimbursements of the ASO and the extra facturations of the Haio financed could be. In addition to this use, which should be limited to the necessary, the design of this allowance for the ASO and Haio that have been used to reimburse an increase in their variable compensation for the ASO, or an additional allowance, regarding the Haio concerns. If it had already been decided in the hospital to grant extra amounts in the context of COVID-19, the surplus with regard to the usual reimbursements may be settled on the envelope. A balance on this envelope must always be used for the benefit of the ASOEN Haio who worked in the hospital during the month concerned: either in the form of a specific compensation for an ASO or Haio to recognize a special deployment or by increasing of the monthly gross premium of all ASO and HAIO.- The allowances in Article 6, a) t.e.M.E) of the KB UFFT are extended to the second semester 2020.- This extension is made the allowances in e) dependent on the respect of the conditions set out to avoid amounts that are not used for the intended purpose. contrary to the distribution principles in the decision -receiving principles were paid by deducting them from the settlement ofh et subsequent semester. provisions of Article 7 of the KB UFFT more clearly formulated and there is a limit in time by adding an end date. In Article 9 of the Decree, a new allowance is provided forNamely an "involvement of". This is awarded for the months of October to December 2020 on the basis of the number of reserved beds in phase 2b. This `envelope 'is intended to grant an amount to independent care providers funded Doorhonoraria in the hospital who voluntarily or commissioned by the main doctor The tasks that they usually perform were charged with other tasks. In Article 10 of the amendment decision, a number of clarifications and adjustments are provided:- The allocation of allowance to independent care providers funded by fees take into account the number of FTE of the independent care providers with regard to the total Number of FTE from healthcare providers funded by Honoraria. This initiates only a clarification of what was meant by the reference to 'share' and the relationship met the requested 'employment rate'-- for the award to the hospital of the permanence honoraria at the level of 2019, it will be charged with Detestion of independent doctors with regard to the FTE of all doctors. This adjustment takes into account that these fees can only be charged by doctors. This is an expansion of the allowance. However, the amount awarded is not reserved for the distribution by Demedic Council or to independent doctors. This amount is, as other amounts for independent care providers, divided between the medical council and the 'ad hoc' organ for other independent care providers financed by Honoraria, in other words between the independent doctors and the independent other care providers financed. After all, it is not an income guarantee, but an allowance for the benefit of both doctors and other healthcare providers funded by fees who took permanences involved COVID-19 period;- a distribution method is provided for the budgets for independent caregivers financed by Honoraria, namely between the Independent doctors and Deneere independent care providers funded by Honoraria. Since the budgets for salary providers financed by fees end up with one decision-making body, namely the hospital, this group does not provide an explicit split for this group. It is clarified that the calculations of the allowances for the ASO and Haio are also leaving from lists supplied by the hospital.-- The granting options to the individual care providers are clearly paid. A hospital that has a positive balance for a given semester, has a negative balance or negative provisional balances from previous semesters. This is to avoid that additional deposits are charged to the health insurance, while amounts are still being recovered. At the time of the final settlement, account is taken of all the last-optional information;- The provision on temporary unemployment is adjusted to approach correctly appropriate cost price of the employee concerned who was set at temporary unemployment. by clarifying on the first two conditions that there may be the intention to pass the costs related to the COVID-19 crisis to the patient. This is not the case if an increase in fee supplements or payments is the result of fixed investment decisions , where the COVID-19 Epidemia has no influence on the origin of the resources and there would have been an increase without the COVID-19 crisis. These terms and conditions with regard to the increases of fee supplements or payments continue to apply ZOLIZER. There are allowances. Article 13 of the Decree adds a new Article 10/1 to the KB UFTT in which it is explicit that the usual check by the file managers of the FPS VVVL and the Department of Medical Evaluation and Control of the RIZIV remains applicable. In view of the amounts of health insurance, amounts can be reclaimed in accordance with the Procedure of Procedure in the Mandatory Insurance Act for Medical Care and Benefits.ikel14 of the Decree provides an entry into force on 12 November 2020, in accordance with the entry into force of the KB UFFT that by the present Decision is being amended. I have the honor of being, Sire, Vanuwe Majesteit, the very respectful and very faithful servant, the Minister of SocialZaken and Public HealthF. Vandenbroucke26 September 2021. - Royal Decree amending the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for the granting of an exceptional federal financial allowance to the hospitals in the Coronavirus COVID -19 EPIDEMIEFILIP, King of Belgen, to all are servants and after this will be, our regulatory, Article 108; Given the coordinated law of 10 July 2008 on hospitals and other care facilities, articles92, 101, first paragraph, 2 °, 105, § 1 and 127 ; In view of the Royal Decree No 10 of 19 April 2020 for the allocation and rules for the distribution and liquidation of an advance, the general hospitals in the context of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemie, Article 3/1, inserted by the Royal Decree no. 35 of 24 June 2020, ratified by the law of 24 December 2020; in view of the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for the allocation of an exceptional federal financial allowance to the hospitals in the context of the Coronaviruscovid-19 Epidemia; in view of the advice of the Federal Hospital Facilities Council, given on 12 November 2020; Having regard to Article 8 of the Law of 15 December 2013 containing diverse provisions With regard to administrative simplification, this decision is exempt from a regulatory impact analysis. The urgency of the need for the need to give the hospitals a clear image as quickly as possible with regard to their rights for the 2020s and 2021 on the advances and possibly benefits in view of the advice of the Inspector of Finance, given on 23 August2021; Having regard to the approval of the State Secretary for Budget, given on 7 September2021; Having regard to the Decree of the Commission of 20 December 2011 on the application of article 106 (2) of the Treaty on the operation of the European Union on Staats in the form of compensation for the public service, provided to the provisions of the management of services of general economic interests; in view of the laws on the Council of State, coordinating top January 12, 1973, Article 3, § 1; In view of the urgent necessity ; Mostly in the context of legal certainty, hospitals must take a clear picture as quickly as possible with regard to their rights before the 2020s and 2021 on the advances and possibly additional means; organization again to be able to keep up with the evolutions in the regular care questions; that they must be able to release and use their own resources or to be available to funds from investors or banks to supplement the audience medels; whereas the COVID-19 support measures for various other sectors on September 30, 2021; Whereas the COVID-19 stabilizes crisis and we are evolving to a state where it becomes a normal state that COVID-19 patients are included in hospitals, without this still the entire organization of those hospitals will influence; overwe that it is therefore necessary that the allowances for the hospital sector also run on September 30, 2021 in a context of equal treatment, all the more so these allowances no longer correspond to proportional costs; Present changes in this provision in the contemporaryity; as well as any other care providers who leave the hospital; mostly the hospitals, certain revenues with a source other than the health insurance policy, namely these affiliated with the personal share of the patient and these with regard to patients who are not affiliated with an insurance institution, as referred to in the Law of 14 July 1994 concerned compulsory insurance for medical care and benefits; that this income from a delogica of the compulsory health insurance is a functional complement in the compensation of the working costs of the hospitals and is necessary to ensure continuity in care capacity; predominantly thinning during the period from July to September 2020The resumption of the normal hospital activity is limited due to the arrested sanitary measures and the continued measures to keep an overs hospital capacity available to be able to accommodate a possible revival of the epidemic; that from October 2020 there was a strong revival of the epidemic and that a upscaling of the COVID-19 Capacity was carried out in the context of the Surge Capacity Plan based on the different phases provided by the `Hospital & Transport Surge Capacity 'committee, as a result of which the hospitals and hospital care providers had to focus on care to COVID-19 patients and for themselves The rest had to limit patients who needed non-adjustable and urgent care; that new wave also occurred from mid -March 2021; whereas this health crisis brings enormous pressure for the care providers who continue to commit to the needs to the needs again and again; that by the Royal Decree of 14 December 2020 amending the Royal Decree of 25 April 2002 on the adoption and liquidation of the budget of financial resources of the hospitals, an exceptional incentive premium is provided for employees on the Payroll of a hospital, as well as to every interim staff member and on the Personeelatat has been made by a provincial or local government service or by another entity to a hospital; And that measures are taken through this present decision to also provide fair support with the Doctors specialists in Training (ASO) and the General Practitioners-in-Training (Haio) in the hospital and of the independent care providers who remain involved in hospital care , but a thorough change in their task of task undergone as a result of the current context; on the nomination of the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health and on the advice of the Meeting Demminers in Council, we have decided and we decide: Article 1. In Article 1, The only member, of the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for the granting of an exceptional federal financial allowance to the hospitals in the context of the Coronaviruscovid-19 epidemic, the provision under 4 ° is replaced as follows: "4 ° the impact of the obligatory service of a percentage of the capacity of hospital beds for COVID-19 care on the activity va n the care providers who are financed by fees, or because they remain obliged to remain available for this reserved capacity due to their employability for COVID-19 Care, or because as a result of this reorganization of the care capacity, performing other tasks at hospital-level dan usually. Art. 2. In Article 2, § 2 of the same decision, the provision under b) is replaced as follows: "b) additional personnel costs, in particular additional staffing set within a cost center between 020 and 899 as provided for in the Royal Decree of 14 August1987 providing determination of The minimum classification of the general accounting system for hospitals, overophet regular staff, and with the exception of both the sampling staff and the support staff financed by the Healthcare Personnel Fund, established implementation of the Law of 9 December 2019 in addition, will also be introduced; Also other additional personnel costs for the allowance, which are, for example, related to additional performance and guard services, in addition to the regular performance and services; ". Art. 3. In Article 3 of the same decision, the following changes are made: 1 ° paragraph 1 is replaced as follows: "§ 1. The flat -rate allowance, intended in Article 2, § 1, for the costs in Article2, § 2, be taken into accountIs laid down as follows: a) For the COVID-19-COOK of the hospital, one-off is awarded:-To the general hospitals: an amountper COVID-19 bed that was prepared for COVID-19 care. The number of COVID-19 Beds that are eligible for each hospital is the total of COVID-19 Beds as laid down in a ministerial decision-to the psychiatric hospitals: a fixed amount per paid VTE charged to a cost center between020 and 899; The number of paid VTE is recorded from the Finhosta data for the year2018; b) for care to COVID-19 patients is granted up to and including 30 September 2021:-An amount per nursing day for a COVID-19 patient. This amount differs depending on whether it is a nursing day a non-intensive unit and on an intensive unit. During the amount per nursing day on a non-intensive unit, an additional distinction is made between general and psychiatric hospitals. With the amount per nursing day on an intensive unit, an additional distinction is made between patient without respiratory support, with respiratory support and extracorporal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) patients-an amount per patient for the COVID-19 and COVID-19-SUSPPECTIPS who used up falls were seen, as defined by Sciensano; C) for the care of non-COVID-19-Patients is granted for the months in which additional protection measures are applicable in the context of the Coronaviruscovid-19 Epidemia and at the latest up to and including 30 September 2021: a fix that the additional costs on non-Covid-19 services covers. This lump sum is calculated on the basis of the number of VTEs paid from a cost center between 020 and 899. This lump sum can differ between general hospitals and psychiatric hospitals. "; 2 ° paragraph 3 is replaced as follows:" §3. The amounts thus allocated forms post 1 of the provisional settlements provided for in Article 9 of the semester to which they relate. ". Art. 4. In Article 4 of the same decision, the following changes are made: 1 ° paragraph 2 is replaced as follows : "§2. The flat -rate allowances, aimed in the first paragraph, are laid down as follows: 1 ° the budget of financial resources of the hospitals served on January 1, 2020 and applicable for the period of the first semester 2020 is 100 % guaranteed both for patients DIVIA a Insurance institution are affiliated as for patients who are not affiliated with an insurance institution, by an allowance that is equal to the amount that is determined after deduction of the invoices for the first semester of 2020 of the variable part. If this amount is less than zero, the allowance is set to zero; 2 ° the budget of the RIZIV agreements is guaranteed, including the personal share of the patient, per type of agreement, an allowance calculated on the basis of the amounts that of Applying for each Typevan agreement for the period March, April, May and June 2020, but it will be determined on the basis of the activity in the same reference period in the year 2019, as it is included in `Documents FH '2019 of the RIZIV. The allowance is granted after deduction of the invoice for the performance issued in the period March, April, May and June 2020, to the extent that a positive amount remains. Dehonoraria that may be included in those RIZIV agreements are not covered by the guarantee granted; 3 ° The budget is guaranteed for each type of lump sum for the day hospital by a diebered allowance on the basis of the amounts that apply to each type of lump sum for The Periodaart, April, May and June 2020, but determined on the basis of the activity in the same reference period in the year 2019, as it is included in `Documents FH '2019 of the RIZIV. The allowance will be taken after deduction of the invoicing for the performance carried out in the period March, April, May ENJUNI 2020, to the extent that a positive amount remains; 4 ° the budget of the Medicinesforfaits is guaranteed by an allowance, which is calculated on the basis of the applicable Budget for the period March, April, May and June 2020 and will be granted after deduction of the invoications for the Periodaart, April, May and June 2020 of those fixed amounts, insofar as a positive amount remains. "; 2 ° a paragraph 3/ 1 inserted, reading: "§ 3/1. For the period March, April, May and June 2020, a flat -rate allowance is granted to hospitals in view of the reduction activityto take into account the lost income that relates to the amounts that are based on the tariff regulations of the compulsory insurance for medical care and benefits are the patient's expense. This fixed allowance consists of the following parts: 1 ° An allowance to take into account the reduced departure on the personal shares of the fees as referred to in paragraph 3. This allowance is calculated according to the method applied in paragraph 3 to the part of these Honoraria charged to the patient for the involved period; 2 ° an allowance for the lost lump sum share of the patient's drugs during a admission to general hospitals. This income is guaranteed as a complement on the allowance included in paragraph 2, only paragraph, 4 °, to an amount based on the activity in the 2019 reference period and the amounts applicable in 2020. This allowance is granted after deduction of the invoications of this Personal share in the period March, April, May and June 2020; 3 ° an allowance with which the income with regard to the delivery margin implants and invasive medical devices that are repaid by the mandatory insurance for medical care and benefits for the period March, April, May and June 2020, guaranteed to be an amount based on the volume of these bills during the same period in the year 2019, as included in the `Documents AZV 'of the RIZIV, and the 2020 index and accounting for the established limit amounts. This allowance is granted after deduction of the invoicing of this delivery margin with regard to episodes carried out in the period March, April, Meien June 2020. "; 3 ° a section 3/2 is inserted, reading:" § 3/2. For the period March, April, May and June 2020, a flat-rate allowance is provided to take into account the lost income with regard to care to patients who are not affiliated with an insurance institution (hereinafter: `non-VI patients') as a result of the reduced activity, and this in accordance with the provided allowances included in paragraphs 2, only paragraph 2 ° to 4 °, 3 and 3/1, on the understanding that: - for the calculation of the compensation for non -VI -Patients in accordance with the allowances in paragraph 2 , only paragraph, 2 ° and 3 °, the amount of income for the same period, as referred to in the aforementioned provisions, is multiplied at the activity level of the reference period in 2019 with the percentage of non-VI patients as follows the Finhosta collection 2019 (hereinafter: the % Non-VI 2019). These amounts are allocated to deduction of the product of the 2020 product for the period concerned, as referred to in the corresponding provisions, with the percentage of non-VI patients as follows from the Finhosta data collection 2020 (hereinafter: the % non-VI 2020); -For the calculation of the compensation for non-VI patiently the allowance in paragraph 2, only paragraph, 4 °, it is guaranteed for the same period, it is guaranteed 2020, as referred to in the aforementioned provision, by the % non-VI 2020;-for the calculation of the allowance for non-VI patients in accordance with the allowances in sections 3 and 3/1, only paragraph, 1 °, when applying the steps of paragraph 3, the amount 'invoicing 2020' with regard to the same period is multiplied by the % Non-VI 2020 and the amount of invoicing 2019 'with regard to the corresponding reference period 2019 multiplied by the% Non-VI 2019;-for the calculation of the TEG Empare for non-VI patients corresponding allowances in paragraph 3/1, only paragraph, 2 ° and 3 °, it is guaranteed for the same period on the basis of these provisions by the % Non-VI 2019. These amounts are allocated deduction of the Product of the included invoications for the period of the allowance, as referred to in the corresponding provisions, with the % non-VI 2020. "; 4 ° paragraph 4 is replaced as follows:" § 4. An allowance is granted for the second semester2020 , according to the same mechanisms as these in sections 2, 3, 3/1 and 3/2, on the understanding that:-In the application of paragraph 2, only paragraph, 1 °, on the one hand, the budget financial resources that was said on July 1, 2020 and on the other hand taken into account the invoicing of the Second Semester 2020--in the application of paragraph 2, only paragraph, 2 ° and 3 °the allowances for the months of the second semester 2020 are calculated on the basis of the amounts applicable during the second semester2020 and on the basis of the activity during the second semester 2019. For the provisions of this provisions with invoications prior to the allocation of the allowance, is taken into account with the invoicing of the performance carried out during the second semester 2020;- When applying paragraph 2, only paragraph, 4 °, this allowance is calculated on the basis of the applicable budget for the period of the second semester 2020 and the allowances are granted after deduction of defactation during the period of the second semester 2020 of those fixed-ups;- in the application of paragraphs 3 and 3/1, only member, 1 °, only steps 1 and 3 are repeated, based on the months in the second semester of 2020 where the comparison is performed with the second semester of the reference year 2019;- if the basic fever ODEDING AND/OR Variable reimbursements of the Doctors-Specialistin Training (ASO) or reimbursements of the general practitioners-in-training (HAIO) working in the hospital from the hospital via the deductions on the Honoraria of the care providers, and the hospital this amounts has not paid out or only partially paid to the ASO or Haio working in the hospital -lasting the period March to December 2020 as evidenced by the reporting system referred to in Article 10, first paragraph, 3 °, the amount of the allowance will be provided for in paragraph 3 Before the Second Semester 2020 reduced by the unpaid amounts for this ASO or Haio. Under "Variable fee" the reimbursements for the opting-out, the guard services, the permanences, and the so-called "uncomfortable hours" must be understood -- In the application of paragraphs/1, only paragraph, 2 ° and 3 ° for the calculation of these allowances for the second semester 2020, the agrees Coming months from 2019 as a reference used for the activity in combination meter The applicable amounts of during the second semester 2020, whereby the invoicing the period to which the allowance relates is also deducted. ". Art.5. In Article 5 of the same decision, the following changes are made: 1 ° Sections1 and 2 are supplemented with the following sentence respectively: "The same post also contains the corresponding amounts calculated in application of Article 4, § 4." 3 and 4 added, which are as follows: "§ 3. The amount is thus application of article 4, § 3/1, item 2.c. of the provisional settlements that are stamped in Article 9. The same post also contains the In accordance with calculated amounts in application of Article 4, § 4. § 4. The amount in this regard in the application of Article 4, § 3/2 calculated, the item 2.d. of the provisional settlements that have been laid down in Article 9. The same post also contains the amounts calculated in application of Article 4, §4. ". Art. 6. In Article 6 of the same decision, the following changes are made: 1 ° in paragraph 2, the provision under e) is replaced as follows: "e) the guarantee, for the Doctors-Specialistin training (ASO) in the hospital , from the payment of the basic compensation, and the guarantee, for both the Doctors specialists in Training (ASO) and the GPs-in-training (HAIO) in the Hospital of a fair waiting allowance, pro rata the number of permanences performed, and on the other hand of a Reimbursement for their extra activities and extracement costs for the period March, April, May and June2020, both in general and in psychiatric hospitals. " ; 2 ° in the determination) the words "Doctors specialists" are replaced by the words "care providers"; 3 ° in-terms 3, c) and d), the words are "replaced by Article 4, § 4" respectively The words "on the basis of Article 4, § 3"; 4 ° in paragraph 3, the determination below e) is replaced as follows: "e) to guarantee the payment of the basic reimbursement of all ASO in the hospitals, as well as the compensation of all ASO and HAIO in the hospitals for the guard services have taken care of and for their extra activities and extraccal costs, a global amount is allocated for the period March, April, May and June 2020, subdivided into three parts: 2 ° the first part must allow the first part Basic reimbursement, despite falling fee income, to be paid to all ASO, which are charged with a self -employed doctor in the hospital with regard to their entire basic reimbursement for whom the cost of the basic reimbursement is therefore not for the account of a hospital via A Fortions on the fees of the care providers, as referred to in Article 4§ 3 or at the expense of a third party. For the calculation, a comparison is made between the National Honoraria massage tested in the hospitals in the period March, April, May and June 2020 and this in the same period in 2019, taking into account the indexation, for the percentage of decrease in the fees, p, to be determined. The part budget per month is calculated for each hospital as follows: 5000 euros * p * number of VTE ASO monthly base that are charged to an independent doctor in the hospital. On condition Datelke effective has received its basic allowance, the residual balance is used for the payment of other amounts owed to ASO and HAIO in the context of contractual obligations charged an independent doctor, in particular the variable allowances. For the ASO of Wiede basic reimbursement is charged to a hospital , this first part is deemed to be contained in the amount granted on the basis of Article 4, § 3.3 ° the second part must allow all ASO and Haio working in the hospitals during the period March, April, May and June 2020 to pay an indoor amount of 250 euros gross per month per person and cover this amount with the eye, with the eye On the cover of their extra activities and extracement costs as a result of the epidemic. The sub-budget per month is calculated as follows for each hospital: 250euro * 1,2108 * Total number of ASO and Haio on a monthly basis, with each ASO and Haio only in the sub-budget From one hospital can be admitted. Every ASO and Haio involved receives one turning gross premium of 250 euros for the same month. If an ASO or Haio in the context of his internship plan or with regard to the ASO that is financed through a university or scientific institution, a trade show or via defense, outside of an internship plan, worked in several hospitals during the same month of month, then the payment will be paid of the gross premium with regard to that month in mutual agreement between these hospitals entrusted to one hospital. The sub -budget per hospital is, with regard to the ASO or Haio that was included for the same month in the lists of different hospitals as referred to in Article 8, § 6 , revised on the basis of the chosen payment method, as appears to be the system of reporting referred to in Article 10, first paragraph, 3 °. The sub -budgets of the different health homes in which this ASO or Haio worked during the same month and which have paid an amount in application of this provision to the ASO or Haio can be adjusted in function of the number of people performed by the same ASO or Haio in every hospital , to reach a maximum allowance of 250 euros * 1,2108 per individual ASO or Haio over the sub-budgets of the different hospitals. 4 ° The third part forms an envelope at hospital level to: 4 ° despite the COVID-19-Omandigities, the variable allowing the ASO and the extra invoices of the Haioboven to be able to finance the contractually determined fixed monthly fee, to the extent that this is not possible on the basis of the fee income and the first part of the allowance included under 1 ° as stated on honor by the hospital and the medical council in the context of the system of reporting as included in article 10, first paragraph, 3 °. The variable reimbursements of an AsoMaar of the basic compensation according to the list as referred to in Article 8, § 6, first paragraph, the hospital is not paid from this envelope when the variable compensation part of the payment is provided in view of the allowance In Article 4, § 3.- One to be able to provide the circumstances of the COVID-19 Epidemia for ASOEN Haio in the hospital that have worked extra, by increasing the variable compensation for this ASO or via an additional Reimbursement for this Haio. If these variable allowances were already adjusted with a view to the circumstances of the COVID-19 Epidemia, then Maghet Surplus will be settled on this envelope. A possibly balance on this sub-budget will be directly working on the ASO and Haio working in the hospital during the period for which this one allowance is being used by being used in the first place for the deployment of these beneficiaries that is still insufficient or added to the second part as referred to in 2 ° to increase the monthly amount of all ASO and Haio. The sub -budget per month For this third part for each hospital, including the patronal social security contribution on the amounts granted on the basis of these envelope, calculated as follows: 600 euros * Number of VTE ASO and Haio in the hospital. "; 5 ° in paragraph 3, f) and g)the words "Doctors specialists" are funded by "care providers in the hospital by fees" and the words "on the basis of Article 4, § 4" always replaced by the words "on the basis of Article 4, § 3"; 6 ° paragraph 4 is replaced as follows: "§ 4. An allowance is granted before the second semester 2020 according to the same mechanisms as those determined in § 3, with exclusion of the budgets in the provisions under f) and g), and on the understanding that: - the amounts of the parts in paragraph 3, e) each) are only extended if the system of reporting, as referred to in Article 10, first paragraph, 3 °, shows that the amounts of these allowances for the March to June 2020 period are in accordance with The conditions set in this Decree have been paid to the beneficiary ASO and Haio;- the amounts of the allowances of Article6, § 3, a) up to and including d) for the second semester 2020 can each be reduced m et the amounts of the allowances of the first semester 2020 that apparently were paid contrary to the distribution principles of Article 8, as evidenced by the system of reporting, as referred to in Article10, first paragraph, 3 °. "; 7 ° a paragraph 4/1 is added, which reads as follows:" § 4/1. An exceptional incentive premium is awarded to every ASO and have worked on every Haio Dietussen 1 September and 30 November 2020 in a general or psychiatric hospital. This premium is set at 985 euros gross per full-time equivalent, to be increased with the Patronal National Social Security Office 21.08 %. For the calculation of the working time in VTE, the performance time during the first paragraph is taken into account, with the understanding, that periods of the absence of more than 30 calendar days are not taken into account. The sub -budget for this one -off -aging contribution is calculated per hospital as follows: 985 euros * 1,2108 * Number of VTE ASO and Haio in the hospital. Chapter 5 of the same decision will be replaced: «Chapter 5. Allowance compensation that has been stipulated in Article 1, 4 °, for the impact on the activity of the care providers funded by fees in a hospital, as a result of the permanent reservation of a percentage of the capacity of hospital beds for COVID-19 Care ».Art.8. In Article 7 of the same decision, paragraphs 1 to 3 are replaced as follows:" § 1. An allowance is granted for an exceptionally availability feat for the care providers a hospital funded by Honoraria, in order to compensate for the impact on their activity by the obligation to remain available as a result of the mandatory reservation of a percentage of decapacity to both intensive and non-intensive hospital beds The government has imposed the framework of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemia, in order to be able to absorb the need for hospital admissions for COVID-19 in the event of a substantial re-flashing of the epidemic.§ 2. This allowance is calculated per hospital on the basis of the Free -to -keep capacity to be kept from 1 June 2020 and at the latest up to and including 30 September 2021, and only for the months where phase 0 applies, as imposed by the Committee `Hospital & Transport Surge Capacity 'in communication of 17 June 2020, in particular for 15 % of the recognized beds with intensive kara Kter (N) + 4*n non-intensive beds. § 3. Bed per 'reserved' Bed is granted a lump -from -sized grant per month that corresponds to a twelfth of the national average amount of the fees, limited to the part charged to the budget for medical care of the RIZIV, invoiced per bed for hospital enclosures in 2019, indexed with the global index of the fees between 2019 and the year in which this allowance is granted. ". Art.9. In Chapter 5 of the same decision, an Article 7/1 is inserted," Art. 7/1.§ 1. An allowance is granted to grant an exceptional involvement in the care providers in a general hospital financed by fees, to compensate for the impactop their activity of their involvement, on their own initiative or at the request of the chief doctor, in A new task distribution in which they are charged with tasks other than those they normally perform, as a result of the mandatory reservation of a percentage of the capacity of intensive and non-intake hospital beds imposed by the government in the context of the Coronavirus COVID-19 epidemicIn order to be able to take care of the need for hospital admissions for COVID-19. These other tasks can both relate to activities on COVID-19 departments for other activities carried out in the hospital. § 2. This allowance will be granted per hospital from 1 October 2020 and at the latest until 31 December 2020 on the basis of the capacity imposed during the most phase of this period, which corresponds to phase 2b as included in communication from 17 June 2020 by the committee `Hospital & Transport Surge Capacity ', including the Corona High Oxygen Carebedden. If a hospital is eligible for the same month for both an allowance based on Article 7 and an allowance based on Article 7/1, only the allowance is resulting in the highest amount, taking into account Article 8, § 3, first paragraph, assigned to the hospital in question. § 3. Per 'reserved bed' in phase 2B, a fixed -up granting is granted per month that corresponds to a twelfth of the National average of the Honoraria, limited to the part of the budget for medical care of HetRiziv, invoiced per bed For hospital enclosures in 2019, indexed with the Global Index of the Honoraria between 2019 and 2020. The amount per month is awarded on condition that during this month Het Het Het Het Het Het Het Instructions regarding the upscaling of COVID-19 Capacitynavolgde of the Committee `Hospital & Transport Surge Capacity '. § 4. That allowance only applies to independent care providers in the hospital, in view of the exceptional encouragement premium as provided for in Article 74Undecies of the Royal Decree of 25 April 2002 relevant the determination and liquidation of the budget of financial resources of the hospitals for the sealed care providers in the hospital. § 5. The amount thus calculated for the involvement of involvement forms the post 4bis of the provisional calculations that have been established Article 9. ". Art. 10. In Article 8 of the same decision, the following changes are made: 1 ° paragraph 3 is replaced as follows: "§ 3. For hospitals where both independent and sealed care providers are active by fees, the amount of the allowances that result from the calculations under Articles 6.7 and 7/1, with the exception of Article 6, § 3, E ), and who only apply to independent care providers to each of these hospitals proportionally to the share of independent care providers in relation to the VTE of all care providers financed by fees. Defense of the first paragraph, is the amount of the allowances that result from the calculations under Article 6, § 3, only paragraph, a), 1., proportionally to the share of self -employed Doctors compared to the VTE of all doctors in the hospital awarded to each of these hospitals. Department as referred to in the first and second paragraphs are calculated, per semester of 2020, based on the list that the hospital delivers with, For all healthcare providers who are funded by fees, the name, the RIZIV number, the indication or it is about a doctor or another healthcare provider-financed by fees, the working time with a maximum of one per person per month, and the statute, independent or Salaried. The relationship as referred to in the first paragraph is being used for the internal distribution within the hospital of the sub -budgets that are both applicable to the independent and the salary care providers. For the internal distribution of the allowance of Article 7 in 2021, use is made of the ratio per hospital on the basis of the lists for 2020. For the internal distribution within the hospital of the sub -budgets intended for independent care providers, as referred to in the first and second paragraph, or after applying an internal distribution to sub -budgets intended for both articles of association based on the number of VTE per status, as referred to in the fourth paragraph, the budget of the group of independent care providers with regard to a certain semester is divided between the independent doctors on the one hand and the other self -employed care providers on the other hand relatively of the global -generatedhonoraria generated by each of these two groups of self -employed persons on an annual basis, as determined by the hospital, unless the amounts of that semester were already distributed within the hospital or that another agreement has been reached between the Medical council and the ad-hoc organ for the other healthcare providers with the self-employed status as referred to in the Intaragon 5. "; 2 ° paragraph 6 is replaced as follows:" § 6. The allowances for the ASO and Haio included in Article 6, § 3, e)Including the extension of these allowances as provided for in Article 6, § 4, and Article 6, § 4/1, are calculated on the basis of a list, which provides the hospital with for all ASO and Haio working in the hospital during the period for which the allowances are for foreseen, the name, the RIZIV number, and the employment rate month with a maximum of one VTE per person per month, and specifically for the ASO the indication Wiedeze ASO has. Article 6, § 3, E), 2 ° and 3 °, including the amounts pursuant to the extension of these allowances as provided for in Article 6, § 4, and the amount of the allowance included in Article 6, § 4/1, must be integral are used according to the set conditions. The Medical Council of the Decisions, provided that all amounts owed contractually due were effectively paid to the ASO, that the allowance as included in Article 6, § 3, E), 1 °, is used a different use of the distribution principles included in the fourth Member respected to be. The hospital that the allowances of Article 6, § 3, E) and §4/1 will be granted in the context of the provisional settlements on the basis of the employment of DEASO or HAIO during the reference period, takes the necessary measures To guarantee a payment to the Rightheadeaso or Haio, regardless of whether the ASO or Haio is still working in the hospital or has since completed or terminated its training. The amounts pursuant to the extension of the allowances in Article 6, § 3, E), on the basis of Article 6, § 4, and the amount of the allowance included in article 6, § 4/1, are provisionally allocated to these hospitals and can be able to are revised by the final settlement based on the amount paid out to the ASO and Haio and the specification of the modalities provided for in this Decree, as evidenced by the system of reporting intention in Article 10, first paragraph, 3 °. With regard to the amounts awarded on the basis of Articles 6, 7 and 7/1, with the exception of the allowances as referred to in the second paragraph, the distribution first of all provides for reimbursing the deployment or tasks as included in these articles on the basis of objective variables established by the body charged with the distribution. The distribution is done among all care providers financed by fees and who are actually involved in the context of care during the period of coverage of the allowances, and in the case of priority in the Covid- 19-Care, or in the context of the management of that epidemic in the hospital. The authority taxed with the distribution may, after agreeing a correct intervention for the deployment or tasks as described in these articles, decide to use the remaining Amounts for the supplement of other allowances for this decision or other efforts of the care provision RS who belong to his authority, to the extent that it concerns an intervention for and in a collision of a real contribution in the hospital of care providers who are funded by fees and who are actually involved in the context of the care during the period at which the allowances are applied, and With priority in COVID-19 Care, or in the context of the management of this epidemic in the hospital. Also for this other use, the body -objective variables charged with the distribution are recorded that insure an use of the benefit of not or insufficient reimbursement, on the understanding that loss of income does not make a variable that may be eligible. Due to the authority taxed by the distribution for all potential beneficiaries, a transparent method of the use criteria applied. "; 3 ° paragraph 7 is replaced as follows:" § 7. Any deposit resulting from the amounts that under Articles6, 7 and 7/1 have been granted, the hospital must be documented on the basis of the distribution die by the Medical Council for the Medical Healthcare Providers or by the AD-HOC authority for other care providers, so that a report to the federal government can demonstrate that those allowance for the benefit can be taken The objectives have been used. In particular with regard to the ASO and Haio, Documentation Hospital for each ASO and Haio for each allowance and period involved, which amounts have been paid to them and the date of payment of these amounts, so that this is the reporting to the federal government as provided in Article 10 , first paragraph, 3 °, can complete. ". Art. 11. The following changes are made in Article9 of the same decision: 1 ° paragraphs 1 and 2 are replaced as follows:" § 1. The items 1, 2.a,, 2.b, 2.c, 2.d, 34 and 4bis as defined above for each semester added per hospital, insofar as they apply for that semester. The result that is obtained for each semester is compared with the sum of deevenual advances assigned to the hospital in the same semester, in Application of the Royal Decree No 10 of 19 April 2020, amended by Royal Decree No. 35 of 24 June 2020, and leads to a provisional settlement per semester. Any positive balance to favor the hospital is deducted from any negative balances charged to this self -employed hospital resulting from the provisional settlements of previous semesters, starting with the oldest negative balance, as a result of which the whole of the semester and the previous person concerned Semesters, is clear. The first provisional settlement with regard to the first semester 2020 will be carried out at the earliest in the course of the second semester 2020. Detweede provisional settlement with regard to the second semester, with any precisions for the first semester, at the earliest during the first semester 2021. The third party. Provisional settlement of Met relationship up to 2021 and any legal settings for the previous semesters, will be carried out at the earliest in the second semester 2021. § 2. For the adoption per hospital of the final settlement per semester, the added items 1 t.e.m. will be carried out. 2.D. Next elements deducted: a) An amount per employee in temporary unemployment if the hospital has appealed to the system of temporary unemployment for employees included between costsplace020 to 899 during a semester for which allowances as referred to in Article 1, 2 °, Hospital are granted, calculated from March 2020. This amount is calculated on the basis of the average cost per VTE on an annual basis in all hospitals, as included in the Finhosta data from the year in which temporary unemployment was applied, for the personnel category, such as Outdoor Appendix 4, Section 4 of the Royal Decree of 6 December 2020 containing the rules of the Rules The period according to which the administrator of the hospital announces the financial situation, of the business outcomes, of the report of the company reviewer and all statistical data Diemet are establishment to which the Wer Knemer in question belongs, in relation to the redemption time per month of the employee concerned, expressed in VTE, during the semester in question. For the determination of the number of VTE in temporary unemployment, each hospital makes a statement on honor to the FPS VVVL with a list of employees as described above per personnel categories with the number of FTE per month in temporary unemployment. The hospital has used federal stocks of personal protective equipment, pharmaceutical products and/or medical devices. "; 2 ° paragraph 4 is replaced as follows:" § 4. If the provisional settlement per semester, after any settlements on the negative balances of previous semesters As referred to in paragraph 1, a positive balance to favor the hospital, this positive difference will be directly on the bank account of the hospital, in application of art. 3/1 of the Royal Decree No 10 of 19 April 2020, as amended by Royal Decree No. 35 of 24 June 2020. If the provisional settlement Semester, has a negative balance charged to the hospital, the reimbursement by Het Hospital will be arranged are replaced as a negative catch -up amount in the budget of financial resources of Het Hospital that follows the final settlement of the semester in question, taking into account purposes that are now taking place as referred to in paragraph 1. "; 3 ° paragraph5, first paragraph, follows: "In 2023, when the amounts on which the hospital's care providers concerned are entitled to the first and second semester 2020, the regularization, positive or negative, becomes between these definitive amounts and the provisional amounts that were taken into account in the context of The provisional settlements, as a certain corresponding first paragraph, included under the V. ORM of the booking of a catch -up amount in the budget of financial resources of 1 July 2023 of each hospital for the first semester 2020 and of 1 January 2024 before the Second Semester 2020. In 2024, the amounts with regard to the first semester 2021 and the same comparison will be performedof which the regularization is included in the form of the booking of a catch -up amount in the budget of financial resources of 1 July 2024 of each hospital. "Art.12. Article 10 of the same decision is replaced as follows:" Art. 10. The definitive allocation of the exceptional federal financial allowances depends on compliance with the following triple conditions that will be verified at the latest in the final settlement: 1 ° An agreement is concluded to increase the fee supplements with the purpose of the costs of the epidemic as a result of the Coronavirus COVID-19 to move through; 2 ° the payment scheme that is applied to the hospital, does not lead to higher payments than those that were applied 2019 with the costs of the Epidemia as a result of the Coronavirus COVID-19 sliding through 3 ° the hospitals, the medical councils and the possible ad hoc organ must provide Defod VVVL and the RIZIV information about the way in which they have used the allocated amounts, and this according to a system of reporting that will be worked out by the aforementioned administrations. On the first two conditions of the first paragraph must be met In the period that starts on 11 March2020 and runs until the end of the period in which the exceptional federal financial benefits are applied. If these two conditions are not met, the hospital must refund the amounts received on the basis of Articles 4, 6, 7 and 7/1 in relation to the exceedances found. ". Art.13. In Chapter 8 of the same decision, a Article 10/1 inserted, reading: "Art. 10/1.§ 1. With regard to the information provided in the context of the implementation of the ministerial declarations as referred to in Article 3, § 2 and in the context of Article 8, §§ 3, 6 and Article 9, § 2 , only paragraph, a) and Article 10, first paragraph, 3 °, the designated official or arranged as referred to in Article 127 of the Coordinated Act of 10 July 2008 at the hospitals and other care establishments at the Hospital manager, the Medical Council and The possibly'ad HOC organ ', and the Department for Medical Evaluation and Control of the RIZIV, as referred to in article 139 of the Coordinated Act of 14 July 1994 on mandatory insurance for medical provision and benefits coordinated on July 14, 1994, with the caregivers, All data for the usefulness is useful for the control and validation of the transferred data. The information provided by the aforementioned provisions of this Decree can be adjusted on the basis of the findings through the FPS VVVL and the Service for Medical Evaluation and Control of the RIZIV, and then processed in the context of the definitive settlements of the allowance and period of which the data relates. These adjustments are communicated in accordance with Article 108 of the coordinated law of 10 July 2008 on hospitals and other care establishments.§ 2. Amounts that are apparently conformed to the anticipated objectives and modalities, individual care providers, as shown from the Reporting System provided for in Article 10 , Primary member, 3 °, or from the audit of the information transferred in that context, the procedure for the proceedings may be reclaimed in Article 164, third paragraph of the coordinated law of 14 July 1994 concerned compulsory insurance for medical care and benefits Coordinated on July 14 1994. ". Art.14. This Decree comes into effect on 12 November 2020.Art. 15. The minister is responsible for socialZaken and Public Health charged with the implementation of this decision.brussel, 26 September2021.filip of Koningswege: the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health, F.VandenbrouckePublication: 2021-09-30numac: 2021021967federal Public Health Service, Safety of the Food Chain and Leefmilieu26 September 2021.-Royal Decree to amend the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for an exceptional federal financial allowance to The hospitals in the context of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemiekerslag on the Koningsire, the design of the Royal Decree that I have the honor of submitting your Majesty to signing, the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 determines the further rules for The interpretation of an exceptional federal financial allowance to the hospitals in the Framework to supplement the COVID-19 Epidemia (hereinafter: KB UFFT) and to make various technical adjustments to this. The main additions relate to:- a temporal expansion naar The second semester 2020 of certain allowances (allowances with regard to the descending activity and the additional activities of care providers). There is also an end date for the additional cost charges and the availability faat, namely 30 September 2021;-a material expansion of the allowances by providing a contribution to the hospitals for 2020, taking into account the missed income from personal shares of patients and patients because of patients who are not connected via an insurance institution. For the independent care providers financed by Honoraria, there is a plan for the period in which the hospitals were in phase 2b of the 'Surge Capacity' plan. The incentive premium for the Doctors-Specialistin Training (ASO) and the General Practitioners-in-Training (HAIO) in Hospital Internship, in accordance with the premium for the hospital staff as provided for in Article 74undecies of the Royal Decree of 25 April2002 on determination and the Vere FFEEN OF THE BUCKET OF FINANCIAL REGULATIONS OF THE HOSPITALS. The allowance for the ASO is split into three parts: the guarantee for the basic compensation, a monthly gross premium of EUR 250 and the distribution of a hospital -wide envelope. These last two also apply to the Haio in Hospital Internship;- A number of control measures are being explicit, or, with regard to extensions to the second semester, more strongly anchored. Articles 1 and 9 provide an allowance for the months of October to December 2020 for the Independent care providers funded by fees who have carried out other activities within the hospital on his own initiative or at the request of the chief doctor as a result of the "Hopsital & Transportsurge Capacity" committee in this period. The design of this financing is to know an amount in proportion to the deployment shown. Article 2 describes which personnel costs are covered with allowances in the context of the KB UFFT.ikel 3 contains a few technical adjustments and records an end date for the flat -rate reimbursements at 30 September 2021. article4 contains technical corrections and in an expansion of the allowances:- Single-for-voorfaitary compensation is provided for the missed income of hospitals from invoicing the patient on the basis of the tariff regulation of health insurance. After all, these are the health insurance policy in the logicavan part of the reimbursement for the operating costs of the hospitals;-- an intervention is provided to cover the missed revenues for care to patients who are not affiliated with an insurance institution- the foreseen compensions are extended the second Semester 2020. If it appears that certain ASO and Haio that are borne by the hospital were not paid, these amounts can be deducted from the warranty on the payments of the following semester. Item 5 clarifies in which settlement items are included in Article 6 Various extensions and clarifications are included:-Based allowances are extended to the Haio who were eligible in hospital internships during the period of time--the term 'doctors' specialists' is replaced by' care provider-financed by Honoraria 'in view of the allowance for the benefit of all Zorgverle Ners financed Doorhonoraria involved in the activity. .- The reference to the allowance for the benefits guarantees is corrected;- the allowance included in Article 6, §3, e) of the KB UFFT is expandedRefined and split into three parts:- The first part still relates to basic reimbursement for the ASO. Here it is clarified that it will be the ASO that is charged to an independent doctor, to avoid a double financing. After all, some ASO are paid through the payments on the fees, in which it is met in Article 4, § 3, of the KB UFFT, and other ASO for their basic reimbursements are proceeds from a third party (Defense, Academic or Scientific Institution, financed via a fair ). The purpose of this allowance is primarily to guarantee the basic allowance. The applicant remains a residual balance, this must be used to comply with the other contractual obligations with regard to ASO and Haio, to the extent that they are charged to an independent doctor. In particular, it initiates the so -called "variable reimbursements". After all, the 'warranty' aims to limit the fee of the ASO to the basic compensation (the total gross fee per month of 5,000Eur included in the calculation formula covers both the gross cost of the basic reimbursement and of the variable costs). In Article 10 of the Decree, Article 8 of the KB UFFT is amended to clarifying a different use is possible, to the extent that this meets the requirements included in the decisions on condition that the ASO and Haio have obtained their contractually lawful reimbursements. This allegation thus aims to anchor the principle of a 'guarantee' clearer and avoid that this allowance is used to illuminate the 'usual costs' on the fee, without there being a proportional impact on the Honoraria income by the COVID-19 -Pidemie;-the second part must allow every ASO and Haio working in the hospital to provide a gross premium of 250 euros gross per month. If they worked in several hospitals, the payment is made in mutual agreement between these hospitals to ensure that this ASO will only receive the gross amount once paid per month. This is checked in this way on the basis of the reporting system of reporting. A third part consists of an envelope hospital level that, if necessary, finance a share of the variable reimbursements of the ASO and the extra facturations of the Haio financed could be. In addition to this use, which should be limited to the necessary, the design of this allowance for the ASO and Haio that have been used to reimburse an increase in their variable compensation for the ASO, or an additional allowance, regarding the Haio concerns. If it had already been decided in the hospital to grant extra amounts in the context of COVID-19, the surplus with regard to the usual reimbursements may be settled on the envelope. A balance on this envelope must always be used for the benefit of the ASOEN Haio who worked in the hospital during the month concerned: either in the form of a specific compensation for an ASO or Haio to recognize a special deployment or by increasing of the monthly gross premium of all ASO and HAIO.- The allowances in Article 6, a) t.e.M.E) of the KB UFFT are extended to the second semester 2020.- This extension is made the allowances in e) dependent on the respect of the conditions set out to avoid amounts that are not used for the intended purpose. contrary to the distribution principles in the decision -receiving principles were paid by deducting them from the settlement ofh et subsequent semester. provisions of Article 7 of the KB UFFT more clearly formulated and there is a limit in time by adding an end date. In Article 9 of the Decree, a new allowance is provided forNamely an "involvement of". This is awarded for the months of October to December 2020 on the basis of the number of reserved beds in phase 2b. This `envelope 'is intended to grant an amount to independent care providers funded Doorhonoraria in the hospital who voluntarily or commissioned by the main doctor The tasks that they usually perform were charged with other tasks. In Article 10 of the amendment decision, a number of clarifications and adjustments are provided:- The allocation of allowance to independent care providers funded by fees take into account the number of FTE of the independent care providers with regard to the total Number of FTE from healthcare providers funded by Honoraria. This initiates only a clarification of what was meant by the reference to 'share' and the relationship met the requested 'employment rate'-- for the award to the hospital of the permanence honoraria at the level of 2019, it will be charged with Detestion of independent doctors with regard to the FTE of all doctors. This adjustment takes into account that these fees can only be charged by doctors. This is an expansion of the allowance. However, the amount awarded is not reserved for the distribution by Demedic Council or to independent doctors. This amount is, as other amounts for independent care providers, divided between the medical council and the 'ad hoc' organ for other independent care providers financed by Honoraria, in other words between the independent doctors and the independent other care providers financed. After all, it is not an income guarantee, but an allowance for the benefit of both doctors and other healthcare providers funded by fees who took permanences involved COVID-19 period;- a distribution method is provided for the budgets for independent caregivers financed by Honoraria, namely between the Independent doctors and Deneere independent care providers funded by Honoraria. Since the budgets for salary providers financed by fees end up with one decision-making body, namely the hospital, this group does not provide an explicit split for this group. It is clarified that the calculations of the allowances for the ASO and Haio are also leaving from lists supplied by the hospital.-- The granting options to the individual care providers are clearly paid. A hospital that has a positive balance for a given semester, has a negative balance or negative provisional balances from previous semesters. This is to avoid that additional deposits are charged to the health insurance, while amounts are still being recovered. At the time of the final settlement, account is taken of all the last-optional information;- The provision on temporary unemployment is adjusted to approach correctly appropriate cost price of the employee concerned who was set at temporary unemployment. by clarifying on the first two conditions that there may be the intention to pass the costs related to the COVID-19 crisis to the patient. This is not the case if an increase in fee supplements or payments is the result of fixed investment decisions , where the COVID-19 Epidemia has no influence on the origin of the resources and there would have been an increase without the COVID-19 crisis. These terms and conditions with regard to the increases of fee supplements or payments continue to apply ZOLIZER. There are allowances. Article 13 of the Decree adds a new Article 10/1 to the KB UFTT in which it is explicit that the usual check by the file managers of the FPS VVVL and the Department of Medical Evaluation and Control of the RIZIV remains applicable. In view of the amounts of health insurance, amounts can be reclaimed in accordance with the Procedure of Procedure in the Mandatory Insurance Act for Medical Care and Benefits.ikel14 of the Decree provides an entry into force on 12 November 2020, in accordance with the entry into force of the KB UFFT that by the present Decision is being amended. I have the honor of being, Sire, Vanuwe Majesteit, the very respectful and very faithful servant, the Minister of SocialZaken and Public HealthF. Vandenbroucke26 September 2021. - Royal Decree amending the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for the granting of an exceptional federal financial allowance to the hospitals in the Coronavirus COVID -19 EPIDEMIEFILIP, King of Belgen, to all are servants and after this will be, our regulatory, Article 108; Given the coordinated law of 10 July 2008 on hospitals and other care facilities, articles92, 101, first paragraph, 2 °, 105, § 1 and 127 ; In view of the Royal Decree No 10 of 19 April 2020 for the allocation and rules for the distribution and liquidation of an advance, the general hospitals in the context of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemie, Article 3/1, inserted by the Royal Decree no. 35 of 24 June 2020, ratified by the law of 24 December 2020; in view of the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for the allocation of an exceptional federal financial allowance to the hospitals in the context of the Coronaviruscovid-19 Epidemia; in view of the advice of the Federal Hospital Facilities Council, given on 12 November 2020; Having regard to Article 8 of the Law of 15 December 2013 containing diverse provisions With regard to administrative simplification, this decision is exempt from a regulatory impact analysis. The urgency of the need for the need to give the hospitals a clear image as quickly as possible with regard to their rights for the 2020s and 2021 on the advances and possibly benefits in view of the advice of the Inspector of Finance, given on 23 August2021; Having regard to the approval of the State Secretary for Budget, given on 7 September2021; Having regard to the Decree of the Commission of 20 December 2011 on the application of article 106 (2) of the Treaty on the operation of the European Union on Staats in the form of compensation for the public service, provided to the provisions of the management of services of general economic interests; in view of the laws on the Council of State, coordinating top January 12, 1973, Article 3, § 1; In view of the urgent necessity ; Mostly in the context of legal certainty, hospitals must take a clear picture as quickly as possible with regard to their rights before the 2020s and 2021 on the advances and possibly additional means; organization again to be able to keep up with the evolutions in the regular care questions; that they must be able to release and use their own resources or to be available to funds from investors or banks to supplement the audience medels; whereas the COVID-19 support measures for various other sectors on September 30, 2021; Whereas the COVID-19 stabilizes crisis and we are evolving to a state where it becomes a normal state that COVID-19 patients are included in hospitals, without this still the entire organization of those hospitals will influence; overwe that it is therefore necessary that the allowances for the hospital sector also run on September 30, 2021 in a context of equal treatment, all the more so these allowances no longer correspond to proportional costs; Present changes in this provision in the contemporaryity; as well as any other care providers who leave the hospital; mostly the hospitals, certain revenues with a source other than the health insurance policy, namely these affiliated with the personal share of the patient and these with regard to patients who are not affiliated with an insurance institution, as referred to in the Law of 14 July 1994 concerned compulsory insurance for medical care and benefits; that this income from a delogica of the compulsory health insurance is a functional complement in the compensation of the working costs of the hospitals and is necessary to ensure continuity in care capacity; predominantly thinning during the period from July to September 2020The resumption of the normal hospital activity is limited due to the arrested sanitary measures and the continued measures to keep an overs hospital capacity available to be able to accommodate a possible revival of the epidemic; that from October 2020 there was a strong revival of the epidemic and that a upscaling of the COVID-19 Capacity was carried out in the context of the Surge Capacity Plan based on the different phases provided by the `Hospital & Transport Surge Capacity 'committee, as a result of which the hospitals and hospital care providers had to focus on care to COVID-19 patients and for themselves The rest had to limit patients who needed non-adjustable and urgent care; that new wave also occurred from mid -March 2021; whereas this health crisis brings enormous pressure for the care providers who continue to commit to the needs to the needs again and again; that by the Royal Decree of 14 December 2020 amending the Royal Decree of 25 April 2002 on the adoption and liquidation of the budget of financial resources of the hospitals, an exceptional incentive premium is provided for employees on the Payroll of a hospital, as well as to every interim staff member and on the Personeelatat has been made by a provincial or local government service or by another entity to a hospital; And that measures are taken through this present decision to also provide fair support with the Doctors specialists in Training (ASO) and the General Practitioners-in-Training (Haio) in the hospital and of the independent care providers who remain involved in hospital care , but a thorough change in their task of task undergone as a result of the current context; on the nomination of the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health and on the advice of the Meeting Demminers in Council, we have decided and we decide: Article 1. In Article 1, The only member, of the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for the granting of an exceptional federal financial allowance to the hospitals in the context of the Coronaviruscovid-19 epidemic, the provision under 4 ° is replaced as follows: "4 ° the impact of the obligatory service of a percentage of the capacity of hospital beds for COVID-19 care on the activity va n the care providers who are financed by fees, or because they remain obliged to remain available for this reserved capacity due to their employability for COVID-19 Care, or because as a result of this reorganization of the care capacity, performing other tasks at hospital-level dan usually. Art. 2. In Article 2, § 2 of the same decision, the provision under b) is replaced as follows: "b) additional personnel costs, in particular additional staffing set within a cost center between 020 and 899 as provided for in the Royal Decree of 14 August1987 providing determination of The minimum classification of the general accounting system for hospitals, overophet regular staff, and with the exception of both the sampling staff and the support staff financed by the Healthcare Personnel Fund, established implementation of the Law of 9 December 2019 in addition, will also be introduced; Also other additional personnel costs for the allowance, which are, for example, related to additional performance and guard services, in addition to the regular performance and services; ". Art. 3. In Article 3 of the same decision, the following changes are made: 1 ° paragraph 1 is replaced as follows: "§ 1. The flat -rate allowance, intended in Article 2, § 1, for the costs in Article2, § 2, be taken into accountIs laid down as follows: a) For the COVID-19-COOK of the hospital, one-off is awarded:-To the general hospitals: an amountper COVID-19 bed that was prepared for COVID-19 care. The number of COVID-19 Beds that are eligible for each hospital is the total of COVID-19 Beds as laid down in a ministerial decision-to the psychiatric hospitals: a fixed amount per paid VTE charged to a cost center between020 and 899; The number of paid VTE is recorded from the Finhosta data for the year2018; b) for care to COVID-19 patients is granted up to and including 30 September 2021:-An amount per nursing day for a COVID-19 patient. This amount differs depending on whether it is a nursing day a non-intensive unit and on an intensive unit. During the amount per nursing day on a non-intensive unit, an additional distinction is made between general and psychiatric hospitals. With the amount per nursing day on an intensive unit, an additional distinction is made between patient without respiratory support, with respiratory support and extracorporal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) patients-an amount per patient for the COVID-19 and COVID-19-SUSPPECTIPS who used up falls were seen, as defined by Sciensano; C) for the care of non-COVID-19-Patients is granted for the months in which additional protection measures are applicable in the context of the Coronaviruscovid-19 Epidemia and at the latest up to and including 30 September 2021: a fix that the additional costs on non-Covid-19 services covers. This lump sum is calculated on the basis of the number of VTEs paid from a cost center between 020 and 899. This lump sum can differ between general hospitals and psychiatric hospitals. "; 2 ° paragraph 3 is replaced as follows:" §3. The amounts thus allocated forms post 1 of the provisional settlements provided for in Article 9 of the semester to which they relate. ". Art. 4. In Article 4 of the same decision, the following changes are made: 1 ° paragraph 2 is replaced as follows : "§2. The flat -rate allowances, aimed in the first paragraph, are laid down as follows: 1 ° the budget of financial resources of the hospitals served on January 1, 2020 and applicable for the period of the first semester 2020 is 100 % guaranteed both for patients DIVIA a Insurance institution are affiliated as for patients who are not affiliated with an insurance institution, by an allowance that is equal to the amount that is determined after deduction of the invoices for the first semester of 2020 of the variable part. If this amount is less than zero, the allowance is set to zero; 2 ° the budget of the RIZIV agreements is guaranteed, including the personal share of the patient, per type of agreement, an allowance calculated on the basis of the amounts that of Applying for each Typevan agreement for the period March, April, May and June 2020, but it will be determined on the basis of the activity in the same reference period in the year 2019, as it is included in `Documents FH '2019 of the RIZIV. The allowance is granted after deduction of the invoice for the performance issued in the period March, April, May and June 2020, to the extent that a positive amount remains. Dehonoraria that may be included in those RIZIV agreements are not covered by the guarantee granted; 3 ° The budget is guaranteed for each type of lump sum for the day hospital by a diebered allowance on the basis of the amounts that apply to each type of lump sum for The Periodaart, April, May and June 2020, but determined on the basis of the activity in the same reference period in the year 2019, as it is included in `Documents FH '2019 of the RIZIV. The allowance will be taken after deduction of the invoicing for the performance carried out in the period March, April, May ENJUNI 2020, to the extent that a positive amount remains; 4 ° the budget of the Medicinesforfaits is guaranteed by an allowance, which is calculated on the basis of the applicable Budget for the period March, April, May and June 2020 and will be granted after deduction of the invoications for the Periodaart, April, May and June 2020 of those fixed amounts, insofar as a positive amount remains. "; 2 ° a paragraph 3/ 1 inserted, reading: "§ 3/1. For the period March, April, May and June 2020, a flat -rate allowance is granted to hospitals in view of the reduction activityto take into account the lost income that relates to the amounts that are based on the tariff regulations of the compulsory insurance for medical care and benefits are the patient's expense. This fixed allowance consists of the following parts: 1 ° An allowance to take into account the reduced departure on the personal shares of the fees as referred to in paragraph 3. This allowance is calculated according to the method applied in paragraph 3 to the part of these Honoraria charged to the patient for the involved period; 2 ° an allowance for the lost lump sum share of the patient's drugs during a admission to general hospitals. This income is guaranteed as a complement on the allowance included in paragraph 2, only paragraph, 4 °, to an amount based on the activity in the 2019 reference period and the amounts applicable in 2020. This allowance is granted after deduction of the invoications of this Personal share in the period March, April, May and June 2020; 3 ° an allowance with which the income with regard to the delivery margin implants and invasive medical devices that are repaid by the mandatory insurance for medical care and benefits for the period March, April, May and June 2020, guaranteed to be an amount based on the volume of these bills during the same period in the year 2019, as included in the `Documents AZV 'of the RIZIV, and the 2020 index and accounting for the established limit amounts. This allowance is granted after deduction of the invoicing of this delivery margin with regard to episodes carried out in the period March, April, Meien June 2020. "; 3 ° a section 3/2 is inserted, reading:" § 3/2. For the period March, April, May and June 2020, a flat-rate allowance is provided to take into account the lost income with regard to care to patients who are not affiliated with an insurance institution (hereinafter: `non-VI patients') as a result of the reduced activity, and this in accordance with the provided allowances included in paragraphs 2, only paragraph 2 ° to 4 °, 3 and 3/1, on the understanding that: - for the calculation of the compensation for non -VI -Patients in accordance with the allowances in paragraph 2 , only paragraph, 2 ° and 3 °, the amount of income for the same period, as referred to in the aforementioned provisions, is multiplied at the activity level of the reference period in 2019 with the percentage of non-VI patients as follows the Finhosta collection 2019 (hereinafter: the % Non-VI 2019). These amounts are allocated to deduction of the product of the 2020 product for the period concerned, as referred to in the corresponding provisions, with the percentage of non-VI patients as follows from the Finhosta data collection 2020 (hereinafter: the % non-VI 2020); -For the calculation of the compensation for non-VI patiently the allowance in paragraph 2, only paragraph, 4 °, it is guaranteed for the same period, it is guaranteed 2020, as referred to in the aforementioned provision, by the % non-VI 2020;-for the calculation of the allowance for non-VI patients in accordance with the allowances in sections 3 and 3/1, only paragraph, 1 °, when applying the steps of paragraph 3, the amount 'invoicing 2020' with regard to the same period is multiplied by the % Non-VI 2020 and the amount of invoicing 2019 'with regard to the corresponding reference period 2019 multiplied by the% Non-VI 2019;-for the calculation of the TEG Empare for non-VI patients corresponding allowances in paragraph 3/1, only paragraph, 2 ° and 3 °, it is guaranteed for the same period on the basis of these provisions by the % Non-VI 2019. These amounts are allocated deduction of the Product of the included invoications for the period of the allowance, as referred to in the corresponding provisions, with the % non-VI 2020. "; 4 ° paragraph 4 is replaced as follows:" § 4. An allowance is granted for the second semester2020 , according to the same mechanisms as these in sections 2, 3, 3/1 and 3/2, on the understanding that:-In the application of paragraph 2, only paragraph, 1 °, on the one hand, the budget financial resources that was said on July 1, 2020 and on the other hand taken into account the invoicing of the Second Semester 2020--in the application of paragraph 2, only paragraph, 2 ° and 3 °the allowances for the months of the second semester 2020 are calculated on the basis of the amounts applicable during the second semester2020 and on the basis of the activity during the second semester 2019. For the provisions of this provisions with invoications prior to the allocation of the allowance, is taken into account with the invoicing of the performance carried out during the second semester 2020;- When applying paragraph 2, only paragraph, 4 °, this allowance is calculated on the basis of the applicable budget for the period of the second semester 2020 and the allowances are granted after deduction of defactation during the period of the second semester 2020 of those fixed-ups;- in the application of paragraphs 3 and 3/1, only member, 1 °, only steps 1 and 3 are repeated, based on the months in the second semester of 2020 where the comparison is performed with the second semester of the reference year 2019;- if the basic fever ODEDING AND/OR Variable reimbursements of the Doctors-Specialistin Training (ASO) or reimbursements of the general practitioners-in-training (HAIO) working in the hospital from the hospital via the deductions on the Honoraria of the care providers, and the hospital this amounts has not paid out or only partially paid to the ASO or Haio working in the hospital -lasting the period March to December 2020 as evidenced by the reporting system referred to in Article 10, first paragraph, 3 °, the amount of the allowance will be provided for in paragraph 3 Before the Second Semester 2020 reduced by the unpaid amounts for this ASO or Haio. Under "Variable fee" the reimbursements for the opting-out, the guard services, the permanences, and the so-called "uncomfortable hours" must be understood -- In the application of paragraphs/1, only paragraph, 2 ° and 3 ° for the calculation of these allowances for the second semester 2020, the agrees Coming months from 2019 as a reference used for the activity in combination meter The applicable amounts of during the second semester 2020, whereby the invoicing the period to which the allowance relates is also deducted. ". Art.5. In Article 5 of the same decision, the following changes are made: 1 ° Sections1 and 2 are supplemented with the following sentence respectively: "The same post also contains the corresponding amounts calculated in application of Article 4, § 4." 3 and 4 added, which are as follows: "§ 3. The amount is thus application of article 4, § 3/1, item 2.c. of the provisional settlements that are stamped in Article 9. The same post also contains the In accordance with calculated amounts in application of Article 4, § 4. § 4. The amount in this regard in the application of Article 4, § 3/2 calculated, the item 2.d. of the provisional settlements that have been laid down in Article 9. The same post also contains the amounts calculated in application of Article 4, §4. ". Art. 6. In Article 6 of the same decision, the following changes are made: 1 ° in paragraph 2, the provision under e) is replaced as follows: "e) the guarantee, for the Doctors-Specialistin training (ASO) in the hospital , from the payment of the basic compensation, and the guarantee, for both the Doctors specialists in Training (ASO) and the GPs-in-training (HAIO) in the Hospital of a fair waiting allowance, pro rata the number of permanences performed, and on the other hand of a Reimbursement for their extra activities and extracement costs for the period March, April, May and June2020, both in general and in psychiatric hospitals. " ; 2 ° in the determination) the words "Doctors specialists" are replaced by the words "care providers"; 3 ° in-terms 3, c) and d), the words are "replaced by Article 4, § 4" respectively The words "on the basis of Article 4, § 3"; 4 ° in paragraph 3, the determination below e) is replaced as follows: "e) to guarantee the payment of the basic reimbursement of all ASO in the hospitals, as well as the compensation of all ASO and HAIO in the hospitals for the guard services have taken care of and for their extra activities and extraccal costs, a global amount is allocated for the period March, April, May and June 2020, subdivided into three parts: 2 ° the first part must allow the first part Basic reimbursement, despite falling fee income, to be paid to all ASO, which are charged with a self -employed doctor in the hospital with regard to their entire basic reimbursement for whom the cost of the basic reimbursement is therefore not for the account of a hospital via A Fortions on the fees of the care providers, as referred to in Article 4§ 3 or at the expense of a third party. For the calculation, a comparison is made between the National Honoraria massage tested in the hospitals in the period March, April, May and June 2020 and this in the same period in 2019, taking into account the indexation, for the percentage of decrease in the fees, p, to be determined. The part budget per month is calculated for each hospital as follows: 5000 euros * p * number of VTE ASO monthly base that are charged to an independent doctor in the hospital. On condition Datelke effective has received its basic allowance, the residual balance is used for the payment of other amounts owed to ASO and HAIO in the context of contractual obligations charged an independent doctor, in particular the variable allowances. For the ASO of Wiede basic reimbursement is charged to a hospital , this first part is deemed to be contained in the amount granted on the basis of Article 4, § 3.3 ° the second part must allow all ASO and Haio working in the hospitals during the period March, April, May and June 2020 to pay an indoor amount of 250 euros gross per month per person and cover this amount with the eye, with the eye On the cover of their extra activities and extracement costs as a result of the epidemic. The sub-budget per month is calculated as follows for each hospital: 250euro * 1,2108 * Total number of ASO and Haio on a monthly basis, with each ASO and Haio only in the sub-budget From one hospital can be admitted. Every ASO and Haio involved receives one turning gross premium of 250 euros for the same month. If an ASO or Haio in the context of his internship plan or with regard to the ASO that is financed through a university or scientific institution, a trade show or via defense, outside of an internship plan, worked in several hospitals during the same month of month, then the payment will be paid of the gross premium with regard to that month in mutual agreement between these hospitals entrusted to one hospital. The sub -budget per hospital is, with regard to the ASO or Haio that was included for the same month in the lists of different hospitals as referred to in Article 8, § 6 , revised on the basis of the chosen payment method, as appears to be the system of reporting referred to in Article 10, first paragraph, 3 °. The sub -budgets of the different health homes in which this ASO or Haio worked during the same month and which have paid an amount in application of this provision to the ASO or Haio can be adjusted in function of the number of people performed by the same ASO or Haio in every hospital , to reach a maximum allowance of 250 euros * 1,2108 per individual ASO or Haio over the sub-budgets of the different hospitals. 4 ° The third part forms an envelope at hospital level to: 4 ° despite the COVID-19-Omandigities, the variable allowing the ASO and the extra invoices of the Haioboven to be able to finance the contractually determined fixed monthly fee, to the extent that this is not possible on the basis of the fee income and the first part of the allowance included under 1 ° as stated on honor by the hospital and the medical council in the context of the system of reporting as included in article 10, first paragraph, 3 °. The variable reimbursements of an AsoMaar of the basic compensation according to the list as referred to in Article 8, § 6, first paragraph, the hospital is not paid from this envelope when the variable compensation part of the payment is provided in view of the allowance In Article 4, § 3.- One to be able to provide the circumstances of the COVID-19 Epidemia for ASOEN Haio in the hospital that have worked extra, by increasing the variable compensation for this ASO or via an additional Reimbursement for this Haio. If these variable allowances were already adjusted with a view to the circumstances of the COVID-19 Epidemia, then Maghet Surplus will be settled on this envelope. A possibly balance on this sub-budget will be directly working on the ASO and Haio working in the hospital during the period for which this one allowance is being used by being used in the first place for the deployment of these beneficiaries that is still insufficient or added to the second part as referred to in 2 ° to increase the monthly amount of all ASO and Haio. The sub -budget per month For this third part for each hospital, including the patronal social security contribution on the amounts granted on the basis of these envelope, calculated as follows: 600 euros * Number of VTE ASO and Haio in the hospital. "; 5 ° in paragraph 3, f) and g)the words "Doctors specialists" are funded by "care providers in the hospital by fees" and the words "on the basis of Article 4, § 4" always replaced by the words "on the basis of Article 4, § 3"; 6 ° paragraph 4 is replaced as follows: "§ 4. An allowance is granted before the second semester 2020 according to the same mechanisms as those determined in § 3, with exclusion of the budgets in the provisions under f) and g), and on the understanding that: - the amounts of the parts in paragraph 3, e) each) are only extended if the system of reporting, as referred to in Article 10, first paragraph, 3 °, shows that the amounts of these allowances for the March to June 2020 period are in accordance with The conditions set in this Decree have been paid to the beneficiary ASO and Haio;- the amounts of the allowances of Article6, § 3, a) up to and including d) for the second semester 2020 can each be reduced m et the amounts of the allowances of the first semester 2020 that apparently were paid contrary to the distribution principles of Article 8, as evidenced by the system of reporting, as referred to in Article10, first paragraph, 3 °. "; 7 ° a paragraph 4/1 is added, which reads as follows:" § 4/1. An exceptional incentive premium is awarded to every ASO and have worked on every Haio Dietussen 1 September and 30 November 2020 in a general or psychiatric hospital. This premium is set at 985 euros gross per full-time equivalent, to be increased with the Patronal National Social Security Office 21.08 %. For the calculation of the working time in VTE, the performance time during the first paragraph is taken into account, with the understanding, that periods of the absence of more than 30 calendar days are not taken into account. The sub -budget for this one -off -aging contribution is calculated per hospital as follows: 985 euros * 1,2108 * Number of VTE ASO and Haio in the hospital. Chapter 5 of the same decision will be replaced: «Chapter 5. Allowance compensation that has been stipulated in Article 1, 4 °, for the impact on the activity of the care providers funded by fees in a hospital, as a result of the permanent reservation of a percentage of the capacity of hospital beds for COVID-19 Care ».Art.8. In Article 7 of the same decision, paragraphs 1 to 3 are replaced as follows:" § 1. An allowance is granted for an exceptionally availability feat for the care providers a hospital funded by Honoraria, in order to compensate for the impact on their activity by the obligation to remain available as a result of the mandatory reservation of a percentage of decapacity to both intensive and non-intensive hospital beds The government has imposed the framework of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemia, in order to be able to absorb the need for hospital admissions for COVID-19 in the event of a substantial re-flashing of the epidemic.§ 2. This allowance is calculated per hospital on the basis of the Free -to -keep capacity to be kept from 1 June 2020 and at the latest up to and including 30 September 2021, and only for the months where phase 0 applies, as imposed by the Committee `Hospital & Transport Surge Capacity 'in communication of 17 June 2020, in particular for 15 % of the recognized beds with intensive kara Kter (N) + 4*n non-intensive beds. § 3. Bed per 'reserved' Bed is granted a lump -from -sized grant per month that corresponds to a twelfth of the national average amount of the fees, limited to the part charged to the budget for medical care of the RIZIV, invoiced per bed for hospital enclosures in 2019, indexed with the global index of the fees between 2019 and the year in which this allowance is granted. ". Art.9. In Chapter 5 of the same decision, an Article 7/1 is inserted," Art. 7/1.§ 1. An allowance is granted to grant an exceptional involvement in the care providers in a general hospital financed by fees, to compensate for the impactop their activity of their involvement, on their own initiative or at the request of the chief doctor, in A new task distribution in which they are charged with tasks other than those they normally perform, as a result of the mandatory reservation of a percentage of the capacity of intensive and non-intake hospital beds imposed by the government in the context of the Coronavirus COVID-19 epidemicIn order to be able to take care of the need for hospital admissions for COVID-19. These other tasks can both relate to activities on COVID-19 departments for other activities carried out in the hospital. § 2. This allowance will be granted per hospital from 1 October 2020 and at the latest until 31 December 2020 on the basis of the capacity imposed during the most phase of this period, which corresponds to phase 2b as included in communication from 17 June 2020 by the committee `Hospital & Transport Surge Capacity ', including the Corona High Oxygen Carebedden. If a hospital is eligible for the same month for both an allowance based on Article 7 and an allowance based on Article 7/1, only the allowance is resulting in the highest amount, taking into account Article 8, § 3, first paragraph, assigned to the hospital in question. § 3. Per 'reserved bed' in phase 2B, a fixed -up granting is granted per month that corresponds to a twelfth of the National average of the Honoraria, limited to the part of the budget for medical care of HetRiziv, invoiced per bed For hospital enclosures in 2019, indexed with the Global Index of the Honoraria between 2019 and 2020. The amount per month is awarded on condition that during this month Het Het Het Het Het Het Het Instructions regarding the upscaling of COVID-19 Capacitynavolgde of the Committee `Hospital & Transport Surge Capacity '. § 4. That allowance only applies to independent care providers in the hospital, in view of the exceptional encouragement premium as provided for in Article 74Undecies of the Royal Decree of 25 April 2002 relevant the determination and liquidation of the budget of financial resources of the hospitals for the sealed care providers in the hospital. § 5. The amount thus calculated for the involvement of involvement forms the post 4bis of the provisional calculations that have been established Article 9. ". Art. 10. In Article 8 of the same decision, the following changes are made: 1 ° paragraph 3 is replaced as follows: "§ 3. For hospitals where both independent and sealed care providers are active by fees, the amount of the allowances that result from the calculations under Articles 6.7 and 7/1, with the exception of Article 6, § 3, E ), and who only apply to independent care providers to each of these hospitals proportionally to the share of independent care providers in relation to the VTE of all care providers financed by fees. Defense of the first paragraph, is the amount of the allowances that result from the calculations under Article 6, § 3, only paragraph, a), 1., proportionally to the share of self -employed Doctors compared to the VTE of all doctors in the hospital awarded to each of these hospitals. Department as referred to in the first and second paragraphs are calculated, per semester of 2020, based on the list that the hospital delivers with, For all healthcare providers who are funded by fees, the name, the RIZIV number, the indication or it is about a doctor or another healthcare provider-financed by fees, the working time with a maximum of one per person per month, and the statute, independent or Salaried. The relationship as referred to in the first paragraph is being used for the internal distribution within the hospital of the sub -budgets that are both applicable to the independent and the salary care providers. For the internal distribution of the allowance of Article 7 in 2021, use is made of the ratio per hospital on the basis of the lists for 2020. For the internal distribution within the hospital of the sub -budgets intended for independent care providers, as referred to in the first and second paragraph, or after applying an internal distribution to sub -budgets intended for both articles of association based on the number of VTE per status, as referred to in the fourth paragraph, the budget of the group of independent care providers with regard to a certain semester is divided between the independent doctors on the one hand and the other self -employed care providers on the other hand relatively of the global -generatedhonoraria generated by each of these two groups of self -employed persons on an annual basis, as determined by the hospital, unless the amounts of that semester were already distributed within the hospital or that another agreement has been reached between the Medical council and the ad-hoc organ for the other healthcare providers with the self-employed status as referred to in the Intaragon 5. "; 2 ° paragraph 6 is replaced as follows:" § 6. The allowances for the ASO and Haio included in Article 6, § 3, e)Including the extension of these allowances as provided for in Article 6, § 4, and Article 6, § 4/1, are calculated on the basis of a list, which provides the hospital with for all ASO and Haio working in the hospital during the period for which the allowances are for foreseen, the name, the RIZIV number, and the employment rate month with a maximum of one VTE per person per month, and specifically for the ASO the indication Wiedeze ASO has. Article 6, § 3, E), 2 ° and 3 °, including the amounts pursuant to the extension of these allowances as provided for in Article 6, § 4, and the amount of the allowance included in Article 6, § 4/1, must be integral are used according to the set conditions. The Medical Council of the Decisions, provided that all amounts owed contractually due were effectively paid to the ASO, that the allowance as included in Article 6, § 3, E), 1 °, is used a different use of the distribution principles included in the fourth Member respected to be. The hospital that the allowances of Article 6, § 3, E) and §4/1 will be granted in the context of the provisional settlements on the basis of the employment of DEASO or HAIO during the reference period, takes the necessary measures To guarantee a payment to the Rightheadeaso or Haio, regardless of whether the ASO or Haio is still working in the hospital or has since completed or terminated its training. The amounts pursuant to the extension of the allowances in Article 6, § 3, E), on the basis of Article 6, § 4, and the amount of the allowance included in article 6, § 4/1, are provisionally allocated to these hospitals and can be able to are revised by the final settlement based on the amount paid out to the ASO and Haio and the specification of the modalities provided for in this Decree, as evidenced by the system of reporting intention in Article 10, first paragraph, 3 °. With regard to the amounts awarded on the basis of Articles 6, 7 and 7/1, with the exception of the allowances as referred to in the second paragraph, the distribution first of all provides for reimbursing the deployment or tasks as included in these articles on the basis of objective variables established by the body charged with the distribution. The distribution is done among all care providers financed by fees and who are actually involved in the context of care during the period of coverage of the allowances, and in the case of priority in the Covid- 19-Care, or in the context of the management of that epidemic in the hospital. The authority taxed with the distribution may, after agreeing a correct intervention for the deployment or tasks as described in these articles, decide to use the remaining Amounts for the supplement of other allowances for this decision or other efforts of the care provision RS who belong to his authority, to the extent that it concerns an intervention for and in a collision of a real contribution in the hospital of care providers who are funded by fees and who are actually involved in the context of the care during the period at which the allowances are applied, and With priority in COVID-19 Care, or in the context of the management of this epidemic in the hospital. Also for this other use, the body -objective variables charged with the distribution are recorded that insure an use of the benefit of not or insufficient reimbursement, on the understanding that loss of income does not make a variable that may be eligible. Due to the authority taxed by the distribution for all potential beneficiaries, a transparent method of the use criteria applied. "; 3 ° paragraph 7 is replaced as follows:" § 7. Any deposit resulting from the amounts that under Articles6, 7 and 7/1 have been granted, the hospital must be documented on the basis of the distribution die by the Medical Council for the Medical Healthcare Providers or by the AD-HOC authority for other care providers, so that a report to the federal government can demonstrate that those allowance for the benefit can be taken The objectives have been used. In particular with regard to the ASO and Haio, Documentation Hospital for each ASO and Haio for each allowance and period involved, which amounts have been paid to them and the date of payment of these amounts, so that this is the reporting to the federal government as provided in Article 10 , first paragraph, 3 °, can complete. ". Art. 11. The following changes are made in Article9 of the same decision: 1 ° paragraphs 1 and 2 are replaced as follows:" § 1. The items 1, 2.a,, 2.b, 2.c, 2.d, 34 and 4bis as defined above for each semester added per hospital, insofar as they apply for that semester. The result that is obtained for each semester is compared with the sum of deevenual advances assigned to the hospital in the same semester, in Application of the Royal Decree No 10 of 19 April 2020, amended by Royal Decree No. 35 of 24 June 2020, and leads to a provisional settlement per semester. Any positive balance to favor the hospital is deducted from any negative balances charged to this self -employed hospital resulting from the provisional settlements of previous semesters, starting with the oldest negative balance, as a result of which the whole of the semester and the previous person concerned Semesters, is clear. The first provisional settlement with regard to the first semester 2020 will be carried out at the earliest in the course of the second semester 2020. Detweede provisional settlement with regard to the second semester, with any precisions for the first semester, at the earliest during the first semester 2021. The third party. Provisional settlement of Met relationship up to 2021 and any legal settings for the previous semesters, will be carried out at the earliest in the second semester 2021. § 2. For the adoption per hospital of the final settlement per semester, the added items 1 t.e.m. will be carried out. 2.D. Next elements deducted: a) An amount per employee in temporary unemployment if the hospital has appealed to the system of temporary unemployment for employees included between costsplace020 to 899 during a semester for which allowances as referred to in Article 1, 2 °, Hospital are granted, calculated from March 2020. This amount is calculated on the basis of the average cost per VTE on an annual basis in all hospitals, as included in the Finhosta data from the year in which temporary unemployment was applied, for the personnel category, such as Outdoor Appendix 4, Section 4 of the Royal Decree of 6 December 2020 containing the rules of the Rules The period according to which the administrator of the hospital announces the financial situation, of the business outcomes, of the report of the company reviewer and all statistical data Diemet are establishment to which the Wer Knemer in question belongs, in relation to the redemption time per month of the employee concerned, expressed in VTE, during the semester in question. For the determination of the number of VTE in temporary unemployment, each hospital makes a statement on honor to the FPS VVVL with a list of employees as described above per personnel categories with the number of FTE per month in temporary unemployment. The hospital has used federal stocks of personal protective equipment, pharmaceutical products and/or medical devices. "; 2 ° paragraph 4 is replaced as follows:" § 4. If the provisional settlement per semester, after any settlements on the negative balances of previous semesters As referred to in paragraph 1, a positive balance to favor the hospital, this positive difference will be directly on the bank account of the hospital, in application of art. 3/1 of the Royal Decree No 10 of 19 April 2020, as amended by Royal Decree No. 35 of 24 June 2020. If the provisional settlement Semester, has a negative balance charged to the hospital, the reimbursement by Het Hospital will be arranged are replaced as a negative catch -up amount in the budget of financial resources of Het Hospital that follows the final settlement of the semester in question, taking into account purposes that are now taking place as referred to in paragraph 1. "; 3 ° paragraph5, first paragraph, follows: "In 2023, when the amounts on which the hospital's care providers concerned are entitled to the first and second semester 2020, the regularization, positive or negative, becomes between these definitive amounts and the provisional amounts that were taken into account in the context of The provisional settlements, as a certain corresponding first paragraph, included under the V. ORM of the booking of a catch -up amount in the budget of financial resources of 1 July 2023 of each hospital for the first semester 2020 and of 1 January 2024 before the Second Semester 2020. In 2024, the amounts with regard to the first semester 2021 and the same comparison will be performedof which the regularization is included in the form of the booking of a catch -up amount in the budget of financial resources of 1 July 2024 of each hospital. "Art.12. Article 10 of the same decision is replaced as follows:" Art. 10. The definitive allocation of the exceptional federal financial allowances depends on compliance with the following triple conditions that will be verified at the latest in the final settlement: 1 ° An agreement is concluded to increase the fee supplements with the purpose of the costs of the epidemic as a result of the Coronavirus COVID-19 to move through; 2 ° the payment scheme that is applied to the hospital, does not lead to higher payments than those that were applied 2019 with the costs of the Epidemia as a result of the Coronavirus COVID-19 sliding through 3 ° the hospitals, the medical councils and the possible ad hoc organ must provide Defod VVVL and the RIZIV information about the way in which they have used the allocated amounts, and this according to a system of reporting that will be worked out by the aforementioned administrations. On the first two conditions of the first paragraph must be met In the period that starts on 11 March2020 and runs until the end of the period in which the exceptional federal financial benefits are applied. If these two conditions are not met, the hospital must refund the amounts received on the basis of Articles 4, 6, 7 and 7/1 in relation to the exceedances found. ". Art.13. In Chapter 8 of the same decision, a Article 10/1 inserted, reading: "Art. 10/1.§ 1. With regard to the information provided in the context of the implementation of the ministerial declarations as referred to in Article 3, § 2 and in the context of Article 8, §§ 3, 6 and Article 9, § 2 , only paragraph, a) and Article 10, first paragraph, 3 °, the designated official or arranged as referred to in Article 127 of the Coordinated Act of 10 July 2008 at the hospitals and other care establishments at the Hospital manager, the Medical Council and The possibly'ad HOC organ ', and the Department for Medical Evaluation and Control of the RIZIV, as referred to in article 139 of the Coordinated Act of 14 July 1994 on mandatory insurance for medical provision and benefits coordinated on July 14, 1994, with the caregivers, All data for the usefulness is useful for the control and validation of the transferred data. The information provided by the aforementioned provisions of this Decree can be adjusted on the basis of the findings through the FPS VVVL and the Service for Medical Evaluation and Control of the RIZIV, and then processed in the context of the definitive settlements of the allowance and period of which the data relates. These adjustments are communicated in accordance with Article 108 of the coordinated law of 10 July 2008 on hospitals and other care establishments.§ 2. Amounts that are apparently conformed to the anticipated objectives and modalities, individual care providers, as shown from the Reporting System provided for in Article 10 , Primary member, 3 °, or from the audit of the information transferred in that context, the procedure for the proceedings may be reclaimed in Article 164, third paragraph of the coordinated law of 14 July 1994 concerned compulsory insurance for medical care and benefits Coordinated on July 14 1994. ". Art.14. This Decree comes into effect on 12 November 2020.Art. 15. The minister is responsible for socialZaken and Public Health charged with the implementation of this decision.brussel, 26 September2021.filip of Koningswege: the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health, F.VandenbrouckePublication: 2021-09-30numac: 202102197979federal Public Health Service, Safety of the Food Chain and Leefmilieu22 September 2021.-Ministerial Decree to amend the Ministerial Decree of 21 December 2020 to record the flat-rate compensions as provided for in Article 3, § 1, of the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for the granting of an exceptional federal financial allowance to the hospitals in the context of the COVID-19 Epidemia Coronavirus, with regard to the general hospitable Minister for Social Affairs, in view of the Constitution, Article 108; Having regard to the Royal Decree no. 10 of 19 April 2020 For the allocation and rules for the distribution and liquidation of a single front to the general hospitals in the context of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemie, Article 3/1, inserted by Royal Decree No 35 of 24 June 2020, ratified by the law of 24 December2020; Having regard to the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for the granting of an exceptional federal financial allowance to the hospitals of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemie, Article 3, § 2; In view of the ministerial decision of 21 December 2020 to record the flat -rate allowances as provided for in Article3, § 1, of the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for an exceptional federal financial allowance to the hospitals in the Coronavirus Covid-19 Epidemia, with regard to general hospitals; in view of the advice of the Federal e Council for Hospital Facilities, given on 11 March 2021; In view of the advice from the Inspector of Finance, given on 23 August 2023; Having regard to the approval of the State Secretary for Budget, given on 7 September 2021, in view of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, Article 3, § 1; Having regard to the urgent possession of the need; Whereas in the context of legal certainty, hospitals should be as fast as possible to get a clear picture with regard to their rights for the 2020s and 2021 on the advances and possibly additional resources; and organization again to be able to keep track of the evolutions in regular care questions; that for this they must be able to release the use of their own resources or getting funds available for investors or banks to supplement the public resources; The COVID-19 crisis stabilizes and we are evolving towards a state where it becomes a normal state that COVID-19 patients are included in hospitals, without this still influencing the entire organization of that hospitality office; Also on September 30, 2021, also in a context of equal treatment, all the more all the more of these companies with proportional costs; on the nomination of the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health, Decree: Article 1. In Article 1 of the Ministerial Decree of December 21, 2020 recording of the fixed e allowances as provided for in Article3, § 1, of the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for an exceptional federal financial allowance to the hospitals in the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemia, for the General hospitals, the first member replacements are as follows: "The flat -rate allowance for the general hospitals, as provided for in Article 3, § 1, a), first line of the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for the granting of an exceptional Federal financial contribution to the hospitals in the context of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemia, is set at 2,524.07 Europer COVID19 Bed for the preparation of the hospital. " 2The following changes are made in Article 2 of the Self-Decree: 1 ° in the first paragraph, the words "The flat-rate allowances as provided for in Article 3, § 1, b), of the same decision, for the care of COVID-19 patients , are laid down as follows: "Replaced as follows:" Deforphitarian allowances as provided for in Article 3 § 1, b), of the same decision, for the care to COVID-19 patients, are recorded as follows for general hospitals from March2020 to and and by September 2021: "; 2 ° The second paragraph is supplemented with the following sentence:" Deg data with regard to the year 2020 as transferred by Sciensano to the FPS Public Health, Food Chain Safety and Environment up to and including 31 March 2021 are used for the calculation of the flat -rate allowances of the first and second semester 2020. The data with regard to the 1st semester 2021 as transferred by Sciensano to the FPS Public Health, Safety of V Oedssel chain and the environment up to and including 30 September 2021 are used for the calculation of deforfaitarian allowances of the first semester 2021. The data related to the months juli 2021 to September 2021 as transferred by Sciensano to the FPS Public Health, Safety of the Food Chain and Leefmilieu Up to and including 31 December 2021 are used for the calculation of the flat -rate allowances for the months of July 2021 to September 2021. "; 3 ° Determined paragraph is replaced as follows:" For the application of 5 ° in the first paragraph, the number of passages is At the emergency services of COVID-19- and COVID-19Spect patients, in accordance with the definition of Sciensano applicable at the time of the Passage, the registered number per hospital in response to a survey by the FPS VVVL. The hospital keeps the supporting documents available for this registered number of control and validation by the FPS VVVL. Passages that cannot be validated or that cannot be demonstrated that it is a passage of a COVID-19 or COVID-19Scepatient, as defined by Sciensano, will be released at the latest in the final settlement of the period to which the flat-rate compensation relates, deleted from the calculation basis. ".Art.3. Article 3 of the same decision is replaced as follows:" The flat-rate allowance provision in Article 3, § 1, c), of the same decision, for the care of non-COVID-19-Patients in General Hospitals, is adopted on 206.34 euros per VTE and per full calendar month whereby-filling protection measures within the framework of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemia are applicable. This amount applies up to and including September 2021. ". Art. 4. In the appendix of the self -decision, the rows of recognition 037, 038, 150 and 547 are replaced by what follows:" 037 ISOSL Cliniques de Soins spec Valdor Peri Liège94 "037 ISOSL Cliniques de Soins Spec Valdor Peri Liège 94 038SILVA Medical vzw Bruxelles 76 038 Silva Medical vzw Bruxelles 76 150H.E.E.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F. 547 C.H. Valisana Bruxelles 27 ".Art. 5. This decision has elaboration with effect from 31 December 2020.brussel, September 22, 2021.fr. VandenbrouckePublication: 2021-09-30numac: 2021021980federal government service public health, safety of the food chain and Leefmilieu22 September 2021.-Ministerial Decree to amend the Ministerial Decree of 11 February 2021 to record the flat-rate allowances as provided for in Article 3, § 1, of the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for the granting of an exceptional federal financial allowance to the hospitals in the context of the COVID-19 Epidemia Coronavirus, with regard to psychiatric hospitals of social affairs, in view of the Constitution, Article 108; Having regard to the Royal Decree no. 10 of 19 April 2020 For the allocation and rules for the distribution and liquidation of a single front to the general hospitals in the context of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemie, Article 3/1, inserted by Royal Decree No 35 of 24 June 2020, ratified by the law of 24 December2020; Having regard to the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for the granting of an exceptional federal financial allowance to the hospitals of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemie, Article 3, § 2; In view of the ministerial decision of 11 February 2021 to record the flat -rate allowances as provided for in Article3, § 1, of the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for an exceptional federal financial allowance to the hospitals in the Coronavirus Covid-19 Epidemia, with regard to psychiatric hospitals; EDERALE RULTS OF THE HOSPITAL FACILITIES, Given on 11 March 2021; in view of the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on 23 August 2021; Having regard to the agreement finding of the State Secretary for Budget, given 7 September 2021; Having regard to the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973, Article 3, § 1; In view of the urgent necessity, additional resources, that they must be able to proceed to free up and use the funds or to get funds available for investors or banks in addition to public resources; the COVID-19 stabilizes crisis and weeping to a state where it becomes a normal state that COVID-19 is included in hospitals, without this still influencing the entire organization of those hospitals; Hospital sector also on September 30, 2021, in a context of equal treatment, all the more all the more of these allowances with proportional costs; on the nomination of the Minister of Social Affairs and Public Health, Decree: Article 1. In Article 1 of the Ministerial Decree of 11 February 2021 to record the flat -rate e allowances as provided for in Article 3, § 1, of the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for the granting of an exceptional federalFinancial allowance to the hospitals in the context of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemia, for what concerns the psychiatric Hospitals, the first paragraph is replaced as follows: "The fixed -up food, as provided for in Article 3, § 1, a), second line of the Royal Decree of 30 October 2020 establishing the further rules for the grant of an exceptional Federalefinancial allowance to The hospitals in the context of the Coronavirus COVID-19 Epidemie, before making the COVID-19-ROOD from the hospital, is set at 130.12 euros per VTE. ". Art.2. Article 2 of the same decision is replaced as follows: "The flat-rate allowances as provided for in Article 3 § 1, b) of the same decision, for non-intensive care for COVID-19 patients in psychiatric hospitals, is set at 144.10 euros per Nursing day of the patient on one-no-intensive bed during the months of March to June 2020. For the months of July 2020 to September2021, the fixed allowance for the care provision as referred to in the first paragraph is set 159.00 euros per patient's nursing day on a not -intensive bed. ". Art. 3Article3 of the same decision replaces as follows: "The flat-rate allowance provided for in article 3, § 1, c), of the same decision, for the care of non-COVID-19 patients in psychiatric engineers, is set at 165.96 euros perVTE and per month from March to June 2020. For the months of July 2020 to September 2021, the flat -rate allowance as referred to in the first paragraph, is set at 120.57 euros per VTE and per month. "Art.4. This decision has effect from 23 February 2021.brussel, September 22, 2021.fr.VandenbrouckePublication: 2021-10-07NUMAC: 202102000federal Public Service Home Affairs 4 June 2020.-Royal Decree No. 22 establishing a compensation fund for the volunteers COVID-19 victims. -Unofficial coordination in the German following the following text is de official coordination in German of Royal Decree No. 22 of 4 June 2020 establishing a compensation fund for the volunteers COVID-19 victims (Belgian Official Gazette of 11 June 2020), ratified by law From December 24, 2020, the ratification of the Royal Decrees taken with application of the law of 27 March 2020 that authorizes the King for measures in the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (II) (Belgian Official Gazette of15 January 2021) , as it was changed successively by:-the Royal Decree No.40 of 26 June 2020 amending Royal Decree No 22 of 4 June 2020 establishing a compensation fund for the volunteers COVID-19 victims (Belgian Official Gazette of 30 June2020 )-the law of 2 April 2021 on temporary support measures as a result of the COVID-19 Pandemie (Belgian Official Gazette of 13 April 2021). This unofficial coordination in German was drawn up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.Föderaleröffentlicher service Soziale Sicherheit4. June 2020 - Königlicher Erlass Nr. 22 Zur Schaffungeines Entschädigungsfonds für die An Covid-13 Freiwilligenkapitel 1- Schaffungund Auftrag des Entschädigungsfonds für die an covid-13 Gestorbenen Freiwilligen article 1 Fonds für Berufskrankheiten, wird ein "Entschädigungsfonds für die an COVID-19 gestorbenen Freiwilligen"geschaffen, nachstehend "COVID-19-Freiwilligenfonds" genannt.Der COVID-19-Freiwilligenfondsist organisch in der Agentur Fedris integriert.Die mit den Aufträgen des COVID-19 -Freiwilligenfondsen and Verwaltung costs Gehen Zu burdens of the agentur fedris.art. 2-Zweck des Covid-19-Freiwilligenfondsist, Unter den im Vorliegenden Erlass Aufgeführten Bedingungen, Eine Entschäigung zu Gewähren as Schadersatzfür Schäden, who Freiwillige infolge Einer Aninerrung Mit Covid-19 Erlitten.Aritten. 3-Verwaltung, aufsicht und Kontrolle des Covid-Freiwilligenfonds were gemäß den für die Verwaltung, aufsicht und Kontrolle der agentur fedris gelterenden setzeses- und verordrungsbestimmen ausgeführt.aefswondon kontrolle kontrolle kontrolle kontrolle kontrolle-kontrolle-funds were the kontrolle-fund of the kontrolle-Fund kontrolle-Fund of-fond Aufsicht und Kontrolle der Agentur Fedris Bestimmten revisors Ausgeübt.kapitel 2 - Finanzierungart.4 - Die Einnahmen des Covid -Freiwilligenfonds besthen aus einer dotation des föderalstaats.diesedotation wirdait. Die Dotation wird dem COVID-19-Freiwilligenfondsin vierteljährlichen Teilbeträgen spätestens am Ende des ersten Monats des Quartals zugeführt.Einezu hohe Finanzierung oder eine zu geringe Finanzierung, die beim Kontenabschluss des COVID-19-Freiwilligenfondsfestgestellt wird, wird ausgeglichen: Bei zu geringer Finanzierung wird die Dotation des Daraufflengendjahres auf den Entsprechenden intersection Erhöht; bei zu hoher finanzierung tätigt der covid-19-freiwilligenfondseine rückzahlung an den state.art. 5 - Dieser Fonds Wird Außerhalb der in Article 5 Absatz1 Nr. 2 des Gesetzes vom 27. June 1969 Zur Revision des Erlassgesetzes vom 28. Dezijn 1944 über diesoziale Sicherheit der Arbeitnehmer Erwähnten Lass-Globalverwaltung eelichtinget.kapitel 3- Anwendungsberichart. 6 - für Die Anwendung des Vorliegenden Erlasses Versteht Man Unter "Freiwiller": 1. Freiwillige im Sinne von article 3 nr. 2 des Gesetzes vom 3. July 2005 überdie Rechte der Freiwilligen; 2. Vereinsarbeiter im Sinne von Article 2 [des Gesetzes vom 24.tezember 2020 über die Vereinsarbeit] [...]; 3. Students im Sinne von Article 17bis des königlichenlasses vom 28. November 1969 zur ausführung des Gesetzes vom 27. June 1969 zur revision of the Erlassgesetzesvom 28. Dezijn 1944 über die Soziale's Sicherheit of the Arbeitnehnen's Auftgrundes. June 1969 Zur Revision des Erlassgesetzes vom 28. Dezember1944 über die Soziale Sicherheit of the Arbeitnehmer ausgenommen sind; 4. Freiwillige Krankenwagenfahrerim Sinne von Article 17quater § 3 Nr. 2 des Voorerwähnten Königlichen Erlasses vom 28. November1969, ausgenom who, who in Article 103 Absatz 1 nr. 4 Und Absatz 2 des Gesetzes vom 15. Mai2007 über die Zivile Sicherheit Erwähnt Sind, Die Aufgrund des Voorerwähnten Articles 17quater von Deranwendung des Getzes vom 27. June 1969 Zur Revision of the Erlassese Sichehial vombial Sichale Sichale's Shacozeshales vombeshales vombeshales vombeshales vombeshales vombeshales vombesheshales vombesheszeszeszeszeszeszeszeszeszeszeszeszeszeszeszeszeszeszeszeszeszeshales's sevlassozeshales vombeshese vombeshese vombesheshales. Art. 6 Einziger Absatz Nr. 2 Abgeändertdurch Art1 of the K.E. No. 40 of June 26, 2020 (B.S. of June 30, 2020) and Art. 59 of the G. dated April 2, 2021 (B.S. of April 13, 2021)] Art. 7-The COVID-19 volunteer fund will work under the throughout the conditions provided for if the voluntary infection with COVID-19 has died as part of the activity of Article 6 performed outside of his apartment. In order to be taken into account, the activity must have been carried out during the period of March 1, 2020 until the end of the period mentioned in Article 30 (2). Article 14 Approved for aid and provided as follows: 1. Either the protocol of a reliable laboratory examination, as recognized by Sciensano, 2. Or by a suggestive clinical picture, which was confirmed by a thorax CT. The king may need the previous paragraph according to the development of scientific knowledge of covid-19 bands or complement the proof that the volunteer has been carried out by voluntary work during the period mentioned in paragraph 1 during the period mentioned in paragraph 1 has also to be added to Article 14. Chapter 4-Aid of the COVID-19-voluntary fund type. 8-The Covid 19 volunteer fund is acted after the death of a voluntary legal successor of the victim, which is mentioned in Article 6 at the time of his death. Loading of the victim is understood: 1. the spouse, who is neither separated from the table and bed at the time of death, or the life partner who lived together with the sacrificial law at the time of death and who has concluded with him in accordance with Article 1478 of the Civil Code that imposes an obligation to support the parties, which can have financial consequences even after a break; 2. the divorced or left -wing attorney, the legal or contractually defined maintenance at the expense of the victim, and the bereaved living from a resolved statutory together, which was contractually defined at the expense of the victim; 3. The children as long as they are entitled to child benefit and definitely up to the age of eighteen. 9 - The aid consists of a capital assets. The legal successor of the deceased is entitled to: 1. A capital of EUR 18,651.00 if he fulfills the conditions mentioned in Article 8 paragraph 1 No. 1, 2. A capital of EUR 9,325.50 if he fulfills the conditions mentioned in Article 8 (1), 3. Capital of EUR 15,542.50 if he fulfills the conditions mentioned in Article 8 (1) No. 3. Volunteer funds pay the funeral allowance according to the actually borne cost, limited to EUR 1,020, to the person who has covered these costs. 11-Diebeihilfe of the Covid 19 volunteer fund in favor of the victims can be fully cumulative with every social benefit granted on the basis of Belgian or foreign law regulations, with the exception of those who relate to the compensation as a result of the death of the victim, which is coordinated on June 3, 1970 The prevention of and compensation for occupational diseases or the law of July 3, 1967 on the prevention of or the compensation for work accidents, path accidents and occupational diseases in public sector or a foreign legal provision is granted. 12-Diebeihilfe of the Covid 19 volunteer fund will not be taken into account when determining the income that the granting of social benefits are taken into account that depends on the income of a beneficiary, his spouse, household or a person. This principle applies in particular for 1. Compensation for primary incapacity to work or disability granted as part of the health care and compensation compulsory insurance, 2. Aid for people with disabilities, 3. The integration income, 4. Social assistance, 5th the income guarantee for elderly. Chapter 5 - Process type. 13 - The agency Fedris decision in the application of the provisions of the present decree on any application for compensation, which is made by the legal successors mentioned in Article 8. These applications are directed to the fund by means of an electronic procedure. 14 - The application for aid mentioned in Article 13 must be submitted by the victim's legal successors. 1Either by means of the right form that the Fedris agency provides the persons concerned. This form consists of an administrative part and a medical part. The necessary receipts must be added to the form. It must be dated and signed by the victim's legal successors, 2. Order of an electronic pattern provided by the Fedris agency. This pattern must be filled in the information on it .art. 15 - The application submitted to Agenturfedris in accordance with Article 14 has as a date: 1. The date of the postmark, if it was submitted by registration letter, 2. The date of receipt of the application from the Deragentur Fedris, if it was submitted by ordinary post, 3. The date of receipt of the electronic application at the Fedris agency if it was submitted by means of the electronic pattern mentioned in Article 14 No. 2. 16 - Inner five days after receipt of the application, the agency Fedris sends the applicant a receipt for receipt. and indicates which information or documents must be sent to you to complete the application. to send a reminder letter by registered letter. If no consequence is carried out within one month, the application will be rejected. Art.17 - The agency Fedris is obliged to address the national register of natural persons in order to be in Article 3 paragraph 1 and 2 of the Law of August 8, 1983 for the organization of a national register of natural persons to obtain information or check the correctness of this information. The recourse to another source is only permitted if the required information from the national register is not available. 18 - As part of the investigation, the agency Fedris can take all the necessary measures, including searches to the organization and/or the applicant about information about the activity sector and the conditions under which the volunteer exposes his work, in which he exposes the risk of infection Hat.art. 19 - The agency Fedris decides on each claim for damages inland four months from the time at which the application was completed, or from the date of the deadline mentioned in Article 16. notified this notification is carried out. The transmission of documents and the notification of the decisions to thieving person are to the address of their main residence within the meaning of Article 3 paragraph 1 No. 5da of August 8, 1983 on the organization of a national register of natural persons. However, the appeal of the concerned to the agency Fedris can be deviated from this obligation. Section 3 - Payment type. 20 - The capital assets owed by Article 9 will be paid the legal successor within two months after the notification mentioned in Article 19. 21 - The aid provided for in the present decree will be paid out by the agentris to the legal successor by transfer to his account at a financial institution that has concluded an agreement with the Fedris agency, the pattern of which was set by the minister for the social matter -related minister If the agency Fedris provides a form of the person concerned. Section 4 - Modalities in relation to the type of burial money.22 - For applications for the funeral allowance mentioned in Article 10, the person is under the term "entitled to claim" for the procedures specified in this chapter " which covered the funeral costs "to understand. Chapter 6 - Litigation and statute -tongue type. 23 - Against which the application of the present decree can be submitted to the labor court. A complaint can be submitted. 24 - Article 579 of the Court of Justice, replaced by the law of June 24, 1969 and amended by the laws of16. August 1971, December 13, 2005 and December 27, 2006 and the royal decree of September 6, 2018, is added by a No. 7 with the following wording: "7About disputes in relation to the participations of the compensation fund for the volunteers who died of Covid -19, through the royal decree No. 22 to create a compensation fund for the voluntary volunteers ". Art. 25-in Article 704 of the same Code ( by the law of December 13, 2005 and amended by the law of December 27, 2006, the words "579 No. 7," are inserted between Denwörter "579 No. 6," and "580 No. 2" In Article 1017 paragraph 2 No. 1 of the same law book, replaced by the law of March 18, 2018, 579 No. 6, "and" 580, "The words" 579 No. 7, " In Article 1056 No. 3 of the same law book, replaced by the law of May 12, 1971 and amended by Diegesetze of June 30, 1971, June 20, 1975, December 22, 1977 and December 27, 2006, between Denwörters "579 No. 6 , "and" 580, "The words" 579 No. 7, "inserted. Art. 28 - Article 1410 §2 Paragraph 1 of the judicial code, most recently amended by the law of March 1, 2019, is added to No. 13 with the following wording: "13. In Article 15 and 16 of the Royal ErfaSnr. 22 To create a compensation fund for the amounts mentioned in Covid-19, which are paid as the aid of the compensation fund for the voluntary paid. "Art. 29-Article 38 § 1 of the Income Tax Code 1992 is by a. 36 with the following wording added: "36. Aid for the compensation fund for the volunteers who died of Covid -19. "Chapter 8 - Final provisions. 30 - The issuing decree of the decree of March 11, 2020. [The issue of death is applicable to death between March 10, 2020 and January 1st 2022.] The present also applies to deaths that occur in accordance with the period mentioned in paragraph 2 if the applicant brings the proof according to one of the methods provided in Article 7 paragraph 2 that the contagion of the volunteer with COVID-19 before the end of the Purchase foundation mentioned in paragraph 2 [Art. 30 Para. 2 replaced by Art. 60 of the G. of April 2, 2021 (B.S. of April 13, 2021)] Art. 31 - The minister responsible for Justice and the Minister of Social Affairs are responsible for social affairs , each for their area, with the execution of the present decree.Publication: 2021-10-05NUMAC: 2021022052BRUSSELS CAST-URSMENT AGAIN 30 SEPTO 2021.-Ministerial Decree on the delegation of powers of the leading officials of Innoviris for the COVID-19-crisis State Secretary of the Brussels Capital and State, taxed with the law of March 16, 1954 on the audit of some public utility institutions; Having regard to the Dordonnance of 26 June 2003 containing Innoviris as amended by Articles 33 and 34 of the Ordinance of 27 July 2017 to promote research, development and innovation through detentioning of support with economic finality for the benefit of companies and research organizations with companies; in view of the ordinance of 27 July 2017 to promote research, development and innovation through the granting of support with economic finality in Voordelevan companies and research organizations are the same Esteld with companies, in particular Article8; Having regard to the ordinance of 27 July 2017 to promote research, development and innovation ear The granting of support with non-economic finality for the benefit of non-profit organizations, research organizations and companies, in particular Article 7 ; In view of the Decree of the Brussels -Capital Government of 18 July 2000 regulating its working method and regulating the signing of the government's deeds, Article 5, 14 ° amended by (i) the Decree of the Brussels -Capital Government of 29 November 2001 and by (ii) the decision of the Brussels -Capital Allocation of 30 June 2011, and Article 10; Having regard to the decision of the Brussels -Capital Government Government of 27 March 2014 on the administrative status and the remuneration scheme of the officials of the public utility institutions of the Brussels Capital Region; In view of the decision of the Brussels -Capital Government of n 27 March 2014 determining the legal position and the remuneration scheme of the contractual staff members of the public utility institutions of the Brussels -Capital Region; having regard to the decision of the Brussels -Capital Government of 22 July 2019 to determine the division of the powers between the ministers of the Brussels -Capital Government, given the ministerial decision of 22 July 2019, adopted the powers of the State Secretary added to the Minister of the Brussels -Capital Government, competent for climate transition, environment, energy and participatory democracy; in view of the advice of the inspection of finance of 27 September 2021; Whereas the functional authorized minister can transfer certain powers to the leading officials and authorization to transfer these officials to further transfer them; to limit olking, in particular the so -called "social distance measures", the activities, including research activities, can delay or even paralyze; that the deadlines in the agreements for the granting of support must be adjusted to this reality; , can be entrusted to the leading officials of Innoviris, Decree: Article 1. For the application of this Decree, it should be understood by: A.innoviris: the Brussels Institute for Research and Innovation; b. the minister: the state secretary tax with scientific research; c. The leading officials: the leading official and dead junct-leading official of Innovirisii. Addenda for the extension of agreements for the award of SupportAtr. 2. For the decision to grant or refusal of an extension of the development and implementation periods of projects financed with support in application of the ordinance of 26 June 2003 establishing Innoviris, as well as for the correspondence with regard to these transactions, delegation of powers and of Signing jointly granted leading officials, for support amounts of more than 100,000 euros.Art. 3The conditions for granting the extension for which in Article 2 delegation are the following: -the beneficiary of the support that the delays are due to the COVID-19 crisis and justifies this-the beneficiary of the support must be at the latest submit a written request for request to Innoviris on November 15, 2021;- the extension may not exceed 6 months;- the decision to extend may include a breakdown of the amounts on the sections in connection with the delivery;- The decision to extend should not change of the content of the program or an increase in the amount of support;-the scientific adviser Vaninnoviris who is charged with the project has given advice according to which the progress of the project, apart from the delay as a result of the COVID-13 crisis, acceptable is.art.4. The leading officials who use the delegated authority in the application of Article2 places for the mention of their degree and their signature the formula "on behalf of the State Secretary" .iii. Sub delegate art. 5. After prior approval by the minister, the leading officials may jointly fall under their hierarchical authority the powers mentioned in this Decree. The sub -delegation is made by means of a written act submitted to the minister for approval in advance. 6. de personnel members who use the delegated authority in the application of Article 5 places the mention of their degree and their signature the formula "on behalf of the State Secretary" .Art.7. The minister can familiarize himself with a file that, on the basis of this Decree, falls under the delegated powers. He can determine guidelines for the use of the delegated powers or delegation in whole or in part. Final provisions. 8. A copievan This decision will be served at the Court of Audit, to the Finance Inspectorate and the leadership officials of Innoviris.innoviris is responsible for the communication of the provisions of the Dit Decree on its website.art. 9. This decision comes into effect on the day following that of its announcement in the Belgian Official Gazette.brussel, 30 September 2021. The State Secretary of the Brussels -Capital Government, charged with economic transition and scientific investigation, b. SortPublication: 2021-10-05NUMAC: 2021022054Federal Public Service Home Affairs27 September 2021.-Ministerial Decree on the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 on urgent measures to limit the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19. - German translation The following text is the German translation of the Ministerial Decree of 27 September 2021 amending the Ministerial Decree of 28 October 2020 on urgent measures to limit the spread of the Coronavirus COVID-19 (Belgian Official Gazette of 28 September2021). This translation was drawn up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.Föderaleröffentlicher Service Inneres27. September 2021 - Ministerieller Erlass Zur Abänderung des Ministerialian Lasses Vom 28. October 2020 Zur Festlegung von Dringlichkeitsmaßnahmen Zur Eindämmmung der Ausbreitungdes Coronavirus Covid -19Die Minister's Innernn, Aufgrund des Zivschut's vom of the Setzut's vom of the Setzutschut's vom of the Setzutschut's vom. . August 1992 über DaPolizeiamt, of the Article 11 und 42; Aufgrund des Gesetzes vom 15. Mai 2007 über die Zivile Sicherheit, of Article 181, 182 und 187; Aufgrund des Ministerialle Erlasses vom 28. October 2020 Zuangestungung von of the Aan dredlicheitsmaßardenghes Coronavirus Covid-49; Aufgrundder Stellungnahme des Finanzinspektors vom 23. September 2021; Aufgrund des Einverständissesdes Stateskretärs für Haushalt vom 23. September 2021; AUFGRUNT DO DE BERBENTEBENT es Nicht Zulässt, Das Gutachten der Gesetzgebungsabteilung des Staa Tsrates Innerhalb Einer Vonftenfrist von Fünf Werkagen (who AUF AUG WORK AUSGEWITET WE KANN, WENN Der BEGUTUTENGUNGSANTRIGHER GERBEGEGEGT WIRD) ABZUWARTEN, Insbesondere Aufgrund, MAIGEGANTEKEIT Ergebnisse that Auf der Sitzung des Konzertierungsuschusses vom 17. September 2021 Conslicer and Maßnahmen Kestigtigt Haben; Dass Daher Kurzfristig Milmeimme Maßnahmenanzupassen Sind; Dass that im Voorerwähnten Konzertierungsuschuss Beschlossenen and Maßnahmen ein Zusammenhänendesganzes Bilden; dass einige dieser maßnahmen Bereits ab der Veröffentlichung des Vorliegenden Erlassesim Belgian Staatsblatt und die others am 1. October 2021 in Kraft; dass der MinisterielleErlass jedoch ausreichend im Voraus im Belgischen Staatsblatt offiziell veröffentlicht werden muss, damitsich die Sektoren vorbereiten können;In Erwägung der Konzertierung zwischen den Regierungender föderierten Teilgebiete und den zuständigen föderalen Behörden im Rahmen der häufig abgehaltenenSitzungen des Konzertierungsausschusses, insbesondere der Sitzungen des Konzertierungsausschusses vom11. Mai 2021, 4. Und 18. June 2021, 19. July 2021, 20. August 2021 Und 17. September 2021 für die imerlass betten Maßnahmen; in Erwägung der Stellungnahmen der Rag und der Gutachten Gems; in Erwägung der Stellungnahme vom 9. July 2020; inerwägung der Stellungnahme des Corona-Kommissarats vom 14. September 2021 "in Bezug auf das Vorhenseinoder nichtvorhensein Einer Epidemischen Notsitation Germäß den Kriterien des Pandemiegesetzes" end of the diesebiebec Vertrags über that Arbeitsweise der Europäischen Union, in dem das Prinzip der Vorsorge im Rahmender Bewältigung Einer internationals Gesundheitskrise und der Aktiven Vorbereitung Auf Einen Möglichenkrisenfall Anchert ist; Dass Dieses Prinzip VoraSETZT, Dass that Öffentlichen Bei der Feststellung, Dass Ein Ernst Risiko Höchstwahrscheinlich Eintreten Wird, Urgte Und Vorläufige Schutzmaßnahmengreifen; Undägungegreifen; 2016/679 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 27. April 2016 zum Schutz natürlicher Personenbei der Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten, zum freien Datenverkehr und zur Aufhebung der Richtlinie95/46/EG;In Erwägung der Verfassung, des Artikels 23;In Erwägung des Zusammenarbeitsabkommensvom 25 . August 2020 zwischen dem Föderalstaat, der Flämischen Gemeinschaft, der Wallonischen Region,der Deutschsprachigen Gemeinschaft und der Gemeinsamen Gemeinschaftskommission in Bezug auf die gemeinsameVerarbeitung von Daten durch Sciensano und die von den zuständigen föderierten Teilgebieten oder vonden zuständigen Agenturen bestimmten Kontaktzentren, Gesundheitsinspektionsdienste und mobilen Teamsim Rahmen Einer Kontaktermittlung Bei (Vermutlich) mit dem Coronavirus Covid-19 Infizier Passen Araf der Grundlage Einer Datenbank Bei Sciensano; in Erwägung des Gesetzes vom 9October 2020 Zur approval of the above work agreement of August 25, 2020; in consideration of the collision agreement of March 24, 2021 between the federal state, the Flemish Community, the Wallonian region, the German -speaking community and the joint communal commission, the local authorities needed the local authorities, the local authorities or the police stabbing enforcement of the obligated quarantine or tests of travelers from abroad that are subject to a committed quarantine or investigation at their appointment in Belgium; in consideration of April 8, 2021 for the approval of the above work agreement of March 24, 2021; inner weighing of the collaboration agreement from May 31, 2021 between the federal state, the Flemish community, the German -speaking community, the Walloon region and the joint community commission about special processing of personal data on the backfield Olung and examination of clusters and people communities, to enforce quarantine and test obligation as well as to monitor measures to contain the spread of the spread of the coronavirus Covid-19 at the workplace through the responsible social inspectors; in the consideration of the law of June 20, 2021 to the approval of the approval of 31 . May 2021; in consideration of the collaboration agreement July 14, 2021 between the federal state, the Flemish community, the French community, the German-speaking community, the joint community commission, the Walloon region and the French Commission on the processing of data in connection with the EU-COVID -Thetic, the Covid Safe Ticket, the PLF and the processing of personal data from wage recipients and self -employed who live or live abroad and practice activity in Belgium; in consideration of the law of July 20, 2021 NG of the above work agreement from July 14, 2021; in the consideration of the royal decree of May 22, 2019, the emergency plan for emergency operations and the coping of emergency situations at local and provincial levels and the role of the mayor and provincial governors in crisis events and in crisis situations that deal with coordination or a require at the national level; in consideration of the ministerial decree of13. March 2020 to trigger the federal phase with regard to the coordination and crisis management. Reference to the Coronavirus Covid-19; in consideration of the protocols, which are determined by the responsible ministers concerting with the relevant sectors; in consideration of the recommendation (EU) 2020/1475 of the Council of October 13, 2020 for a coordinated procedure in the restriction of free movement due to the Covid-19 pandemic; in consideration of the recommendation (EU) 2020/912 of the Council of June 30, 2020 for temporary restriction not necessarily necessary trips to the EU and diemasive Cancellation of this restriction; in consideration of the regulation (EU) 2021/953 of the European Parliament and the Council of June 14, 2021 on a framework for the exhibition, review and recognition interior opera for the certificate of COVID-19 vaccinations and tests as well as the recovery of one COVID-19 infection (Digital Covid certificate of the EU) with the objective of relief de Free movement during Covid-19-pandemic; in consideration of the regulation (EU) 2021/954 of the European Parliament and the Council of June 14, 2021 on a framework for the exhibition, review and recognition interior opera for the certificate of COVID-19-vaccinations and- Tests and the recovery of a Covid-19 infection (Digital Covid certificate of the EU) for third-country nationals with legal stay or residence in the territory of the Member States during the Covid-19 pandemic; ineviation of the explanation of the WHO in relation to the properties of Coronavirus Covid 19, especially of the high transferability and the death disease; in consideration of the qualification of the Coronavirus Covid-19 made on March 11, 2020 of the WHO, as a pandemic; in consideration that the WHO on March 16, 2020 is the highest warning level in terms of coronavirus Covid-19 called out, which destabilizes the global economy and spreads quickly in the world; end speech by the WHO general director of October 12, 2020, in which he made it clear that the virus is mainly transferred between close contacts and to break out of the epidemic, which could be contained by the implementation of targeted measures; in consideration of the general director of the Who Europe from 15October 2020, in which he in particular pointed out that the transfer and the transmission sources in the houses, closed public locations and in people who do not correctly follow the self -protection measures or are to take place; . April2021, in which it is pointed out that those of the individual and society as a whole are continued to be the dominant elements that determine the development of pandemic; that we have to be aware that vaccines alone will not end pandemic; that it is a combination of vaccines and energetic health measures that reject the clearest path back to normality; in consideration of the explanation of the general director of the WHO Europa of May 20, 2021, in which the number of infections and the This goes back to this, but that will continue to be vigilant; that in the coming months of increasing mobility, physical interaction and gatherings in Europe may lead to increased transmission; that if the social measures are loosened, tests and sequencing, isolation, contact determination, quarantine and vaccination must be reinforced in order to keep control and to ensure that the trend continues to decline; that neither tests nor vaccinations represent a replacement for compliance with measures such as physical distance and wearing masking of public spaces or health facilities; in consideration of the explanation of the general director of the WHO Europe of June 10, 2021, in which it is emphasized that despite the overall favorable development the epidemic situation in Europe The vaccination coverage of the population, in particular the striking of their age or due to the population of comorbidity factors, not so high that any risk would now be excluded; that it is therefore necessary to remain careful to avoid re -flame the epidemic; that the fact that the self -responsibility is still required, especially with regard to compliance with social distancing; inner weighing of the explanation of the general director of the WHO Europa of July 1, 2021, in which it is emphasized that the basis for the occurrence of new variants - in particular the worrying delta -Variant -, still inadequate vaccination and the increase in travel there is a risk of a new wave of infection in the European region; that the responsibility of the citizens, vacationers and traveling appeals, in particular with regard to the need to be vaccinated; in consideration of the Coronavirus Covid -19, the risk of health for the population and the resulting trendy; in the consideration that the coronavirus covid-19 triggers an infectious disease that usually affects the lungs and the respiratory tract; in the consideration that the Coronavirus Covid-19von man is transferred to person through the air; that the transfer of the disease seems to be possible on the case of possible types of distribution through the mouth and nose; in the consideration that the daily average new plugs with the Coronavirus Covid-19 in Belgium have increased in the last seven days of positive cases confirmed on September 21, 2021; In the consideration that a total of 662 Covid 19 patients in Belgian hospitals were treated on September 24, 2021; that a total of 210 patients were in intensive care units on the same day; that these figures allow a relaxed measures; in the consideration that the incidence on September 21, 2021IM 14-day agents is 244 per 100,000 inhabitants; that the reproduction rate, based on the payer new hospital recordings, is 0.881; in the consideration that the degree of occupancy of the intensive care unit in Belgium remains significantly below the target threshold of less than 500 covid-19 patients and that both the number of hospital recordings and the positive rate Show downward trend; that this situation is therefore not a critical epidemic emergency situation on the entire state area: in the consideration that the pressure on the hospitals and the continuity of care that is not related to Covid-19 is currently still under control; that a certain number of hospitals is still in phase 1b or even 2a of the hospital emergency plan; and consideration that on 23September 2021 a vaccination of 72.5 % of the Belgian population achieved; that this number is people who have already been fully vaccinated; in the consideration that the development of the health situation enables several restrictions, in particular the mask obligation that is lifted in numerous situations, in particular activities that take place outdoors; that wearing a mask, however, continues to be mandatory of certain facilities and during certain activities that take place indoors; that, insofar as the social distancing cannot be met, wearing a mask is urgently recommended; in consideration that dance halls and discos may resume their activities from October 1, 2021; However, the fact that access to discos and dance locations will in any case subordinate the modalities of the mentioned collaboration agreement of July 14, 2021 to be organized; in the consideration that certain gatherings in closed and covered places are always a special risk of the health of the population and are underestimated by certain restrictions must; in the consideration that activities outdoors should always be preferred; that on the contrary case, the rooms must be checked sufficiently; in the consideration that the use of air quality measuring devices (CO2) is necessary to the population in order to increase the infection in certain facilities or to protect the closed areas, especially in the closed areas of restaurants and taps of the hotel and restaurant industry, including dance pubs, from facilities of the sports sector, including fitness centers, and of facilities of the VER institution sector, including discos and dance restaurants, because due to the activities there, the spread of aerosols, especially for non -unexpected persons, can be particularly high; that these devices have to be set up at a central point and not next to a door, a window or a ventilation system; that these devices must also be clearly visible for visitors, unless an alternative system of a publicly accessible time display is provided; that at least one air quality measuring device must be in every separate area in which food and drinks are prepared and served, in which the sport is driven in which the event takes place in which there are queues, and in the changing rooms; inheritance that the above -mentioned facilities from October 1, 2021 must meet the guideline for the air quality; that the guideline for air quality is 900ppm CO2; that when the value of 900 ppm is exceeded, the operator must have a risk analysis in order to compensate for ventilation and ventilation/or air germination and/or air filtering, as in the ministerial decree of May 12, 2021 for the preliminary setting of the conditions for the installation of air purification systems in As part of the combat von SARS-COV-2 outside of medical purposes, to ensure that an air quality control is used to ensure the air quality guideline of 900 ppm; that in the event that the value of 1,200 ppm is exceeded, a recognized system for air -germination and/or air filtering must also be prepared, which ensures air quality that corresponds to the air quality guideline of 900ppm; However, that a transition period is intended for compliance with the new regulations in this regard at least October 31, 2021; that the facility can be made immediately after the transition period expires if the applicable provisions are not complied with; in the consideration that the above work agreement of July 14, 2021 offers the federated sub -areas and the responsible local authorities from 1October 2021, in compliance with it, to reduce the minimum number of participants for large events mentioned in Article 15 § 3 of the present decree; that this collaboration agreement also offers the possibility of making the regulation that applies in the event of major events; that this collaboration agreement grants the federated sub -areas the authority to extend the modalities that already apply to major events in this cooperation agreement and facilities; In consideration that certain people have to have a vaccination certificate in order not to be allowed to travel to Belgium as part of the framework; that determined minors are old enough in accordance with the legal provisions of their country to become vaccinated; that it is difficult to imagine that not necessarily necessary trips are only reserved for those who are old enough to be vaccinated; that minors must consequently have no vaccination proof if they travel accompanied by a person who owned a vaccination certificateist; in the consideration that travelers with a paper version of the passenger localization form to be delayed when receiving a test code for a PCR test and the necessary The health measures to be grown also comes; that there are sometimes several days between the arrival of the traveler and the entrance paper version of the passenger regulation form for passenger control at Saniport; that this brings health risks, especially for unvaccinated travelers who come out of red zones; that the paper versions of the passenger-political form are often incomplete, illegible and easy to fake, which leads to difficulties in the continuation of the measures for incoming travelers; that the processing of the passenger political form in paper forms is considerable workload for the responsible administrations, control and inspection services, the police and the contact centers; that this puts on other priorities; that for these reasons the possibility of filling a passenger localization form in paper form will be abolished from October 1, 2021; that this abolition is accompanied by accompanying measures, such as the support of travelers by the carrier when filling out the electronic PLFUND/or when printing the QR code; that a transition period of 14 days is also intended; in the consideration that, in view of the fragile health situation, the restrictions that are still necessary to prevent the situation in order to prevent the situation and ensure that the efforts of the entire population and all affected sectors, including the economy - and health sector, not to be destroyed; in the consideration that measures are still essential and proportionate in order to maintain the fundamental right to the life and health of the population; that in the maximum number of people who may come together, the children are always up to the age of 12, unless expressly determined anything else; in the consideration that the consideration of all health recommendations and social distancing is still a sense of responsibility and a sense of responsibility and the solidarity of every citizen is appealed; that the rules of Desocial Distancing, in particular, relate to a distance of 1.5 m between the people; in the consideration that the hygiene measures remain essential, for example the special attention to hygiene measures in sneezing and coughing; That this means that stricter measures can never be excluded; in consideration that the local authorities have the opportunity to take stricter measures in their field, provided that these are limited in proportion and limited in time: Article 1 - Article 1 of the Ministerial decree of October 28, 2020 to determine urgency measures to contain the spread of the Coronavirus Covid-19 is changed as follows: 1. Number 23 is replaced as follows: "23." Vaccination certificate ": A digital covid-vaccination certificate of the EU or a vaccination certificate that was issued in a country that was not part of the European Union and that by the European Commission on the basis of implementation laws or is viewed as simultaneous by Belgium on the basis of bilateral agreements, and with which it is certified that all of a vaccine in the package insert against the Virus Sars-Cov-2, as on the website "Info-CoronavirusThe federal health, the security of the food chain and the environment mentioned, have been administered for at least two weeks. In the absence of an equivalence decision of the European Commission, a vaccination certificate also accepted in a country that was not part of the European Union and at least the following Information in Dutch, French, German or English contains:- Data from which the vaccinated person is (name, date of births/or ID number)- information that is certified that all doses of a vaccine The Virus Sars-Cov-2, as mentioned on the "Info-Coronavirus.be" website of the Federation of Public Health, Security of the Food Chain and Environment, have been administered for at least two weeks-brand name and batch number or name of the manufacturer's or the owner of the owner Approval for the placing on the market administered vaccine, date of the administration of any dose of the vaccine,- name of the country, the provincial or the region, where the vaccine was administered- exhibitors of the vaccination certificate with its signature, its stamp or a digitally readable clear certificate, ". 2.The Article is supplemented by numbers 27 and 28 with the following wording: "27. "Discotheque and dance restaurants": amusement facilities that consist of one or more rooms and where music is mainly danced, 28. "Co -work agreement of July 14, 2021": The collaboration agreement from July 14, 2021 between the federal state, the Flemish community, the French community, the German -speaking community, the joint community commission, the Walloon region and the French Commission on the processing of data related to this EU-Covid certificate, the Covid Safe Ticket, the PLF and the processing of personal data from wage recipients and self-employed who live or live abroad and carry out activity and in Belgium, including all subsequent additions and changes. "Art. 2-Article 6 of the same decree is follows: 1. Paragraph 1 paragraph 1 No. 5 is repealed. This measuring device must be installed at a location that can be viewed for visitors, unless an alternative system of a publicly accessible real-time display is provided. The guideline value for the air quality is 900 ppm CO2. If the value of 900 ppm is exceeded, the operator must have a risk analysis on a risk analysis in order to compensate for ventilation and/or air detection and/or air filtering, as in the ministerial decree of May 12, 2021 for the preliminary determination of the conditions for the planning of air purification systems As part of combating Sars-Cov-2 outside of medical purposes, ensuring that an air quality is ensured that corresponds to the air quality standard of 900 ppm. If the value of 1,200 ppm is exceeded, the operator must also provide a recognized system for air -germination and/or filtering, which ensures air quality that corresponds to the air quality standard of 900 ppm. Wordlautergätter: "9. In the closed areas, personnel members have a mask or another alternative material in accordance with Article 25. "4. In § 2 paragraph 3 No. 2, the words" fewer 200 people will be reached by September 30, 2021 and with "and the words" from October 1, 2021 ". 5. In § 2 paragraph 3 No. 3, the words" less than 400 people will be canceled by September 30, 2021 including "and the words" from October 1, 2021 ". 6. In § 2 paragraph 3 is given by a number 4 with the following wording: "4. Activities in discos and dance restaurants. "7. Paragraph 3 is canceled. Art.3 - Article 8 of the same decree is changed as follows: 1. Paragraph 1 paragraph 1 No. 3 is revoked.2. Paragraph 1 paragraph 2 is canceled. 3. Paragraph is canceled 1 Earlier paragraph 3, which becomes paragraph 2, is replaced as follows: "In closed common areas of the facility of the facility sector, including fitness centers, and the facilities of the event sector, including discos and dance locals, the use of an air quality measuring device (CO2) is mandatory. This measuring device must be installed at a location that can be viewed for visitors, it is silky, an alternative system of a publicly accessible real-time display is provided. The guideline value for the air quality is 900 ppm CO2If the value of 900 ppm is exceeded, the operator must have a risk analysis on a risk analysis in order to compensate for ventilation and/or air detection and/or air filtering, as in the ministerial decree of May 12, 2021 for the preliminary determination of the conditions for the planning of air purification systems As part of combating Sars-Cov-2 outside of medical purposes, ensuring that an air quality is ensured that corresponds to the air quality standard of 900 ppm. If the value of 1 200 ppm is exceeded, the operator must also provide a recognized system for air -germination and/or filtering, which guarantees air quality that corresponds to the air quality standard of 900 ppm. "4. Paragraph 2 is replaced as follows:" and resume dance boxes, provided that access is organized in compliance with the provisions of the collaboration agreement from July 14, 2021. "Art. 4 - Article 13 of the same decree is changed as follows: 1. sales 1 No. 2 is canceled. 2. Paragraph 1 No. 9, the words ", the wearing of the mask" are canceled. Art. 5 - Article 15 of the same decree is replaced as follows: "Art. 15- § 1 - Private meetings that take place indoors can be organized for a maximum of 500, without prejudice to a possible application of the modalities of § 2nd Private collisions that take place outdoors, can be organized for a maximum of 750 people, without prejudice to the modalities Of § 2. § 2 - events, cultural or other performances, sports competitions, sports training and congresses can be organized indoors for a maximum of 3,000 people. If 500 or more people are received, the modalities and the applicable protocol are to be observed in Articles 6 and 8 and must be obtained in accordance with Article 16. for a public of a maximum of 5,000 people. If 750 or more people are received, the modalities provided for in Article 6 and 8 and the applicable protocol are observed and the prior approval of the responsible local authority in accordance with Article 16. 2 mentioned maximum number of numbers are met, provided the following minimum rules and the applicable protocols are observed: 1. A mixing of the audience in the different blocks is not possible before, during and after activity. 2. Separate inputs and outputs and a separate sanitary infrastructure are provided for each block. 3. The capacity of a block does not exceed the maximum number mentioned in paragraph 1 if the activity takes place indoors, or the maximum number mentioned in paragraph 2 if the activity takes place outdoors. 4. The capacity of all blocks together is a third of the total capacity of the infrastructure. Pre -pre -paragraph does not apply if, due to a local police estate, a local police regulation, a decree or an ordinance must be organized on the basis of the cooperation agreement of July 14, 2021. Section 3 - Large events and test and pilot projects indoors and a maximum of 75,000 people per day, employees and organizers, may not be organized, subject to the prior approval of the responsible local authorities and if the modalities of the cooperation agreement of July 14, 2021 are complied with Large events and test and pilot projects outdoors may be organized for at least 750 people and a maximum of 75,000 people day, employees and organizers are not included, subject to the priority of the responsible local authorities and provided the modalities of the cooperation agreement from July 14, 2021 are observed. In every closed area of ​​the infrastructure, in such a major event, the use of an air quality measuring device (CO2) is mandatory. This measuring device must be installed at a location that can be viewed for visitors, it is silky, an alternative system of a publicly accessible real-time display is provided. The guideline value for the air quality is 900 ppm CO2. If the value of 900 ppm is exceeded, the operator must have a risk analysis on a risk analysis in order to compensate for ventilation and/or air germination and/or air filtering, as in the ministerial decrease of 12May 2021 to ensure the preliminary determination of the conditions for the placement of air purification systems as part of combating SARS-COV-2 outside of medical purposes, to ensure that air quality is ensured that corresponds to the air quality standard of 900 ppm. If the value of 1,200 ppm is exceeded, the operator must also provide a recognized system for air -germination and/or filtering that ensures air quality that corresponds to the air quality standard of 900 ppm. The reception area of ​​the large event is organized in a way that complies with compliance of social distancing. The minimum numbers in paragraphs 1 and 2 -person mentioned minimum numbers can be changed in accordance with the collaboration agreement of July 14, 2021.§ 4 - Commercial fairs are allowed in compliance with the modalities and the applicable protocol provided. Due to a decree or an ordonnance, the access based on the collaboration agreement of July 14, 2021 will be organized. "Art. 6 - Article 16 of the same decree is replaced as follows:" Art. 16 - The local authorities use the CERM and, if applicable, the Cirm, if you take a approval decision on the organization of the activities mentioned in Article 15 § 2, with the exception: 1. The activities mentioned in Article 15 § 2 Paragraph 1 an audience of less than 500 people, 2.The activities mentioned in Article 15 § 2 paragraph 2 with an audience of less than 750 people. Stinned items 15 § 2 paragraph 1 mentioned activities without prejudice to the possibility of the division of the public only for one audience of at most 100 percent of the circular capacity is approved, the number of 3,000 people is exceeded anyway. 2021 must be organized. "Art. 7 - In Article 19 paragraph 2 of the same decree, the Words ". If a mask or an alternative is not possible for medical reasons for medical reasons, the accommodation screen can be used "by the words", according to Article 25 "replaced. 8 - Article 21 of the same decree is changed as follows: and2 is replaced as follows: "The measures mentioned in § 1 apply neither to travelers, the possession of a vaccination certificate, nor for people up to the age of 17, including who travel with an accompanying person who is in the possession of a vaccination certificate Settled in a promotion, this is obliged to check whether the travelers and accompanying people mentioned in paragraph 1 are in the possession of a vaccination certificate. If this vaccination certificate is missing, the transporter must be prohibited. "2. In § 3 paragraph 1, the words" The websites of the federal public service and the foreign service and the foreigner office "are given by the words" of the website of federal service, security of the food chain and the environment " replaced. 3.Paragraph 3 paragraph 2 is canceled. 4. In § 4 paragraph 1, the words "the website of the Federal Service Foreign Affairs and the Foreign Office" through the words "of the Federal Service website, security of the food chain and environment" replaced. 5. Paragraph 4 paragraph 2 is canceled. 6. In § 5 paragraph1, the words "the websites of the federal public service are foreign matters and the foreigner office" by the words "of the Federal Service website, security of the food chain and environment" replaced. 7. Paragraph 5 paragraph 2 becomes 8.in § 5BIS The words "If it is not possible to obtain such evidence, the traveler must lead a copy of the passenger-political forms with a passenger solution form filled in accordance with paragraphs 3, 4 and 5, namely throughout the trip to Final determination in Belgium and the following 48 hours. "Called. 9 - Article 23 of the same decree is changed as follow -up: 1. In § 1 paragraph 2 No. 7, the words "less than 200 people in the Bis 30, 2021 including" and the words "from October 1, 2021" are repealed. Words "less than 400 people by September 30, 2021 including" and the words "from October 1, 2021". In § 1 paragraph 2 by a number 16 is added to the following wording: "16. In cases in which the access is organized on the basis of the collaboration agreement of July 14, 2021." 4In § 2werden between the words "of public transport" and the words "the rules" the words "and organized community means of transport" inserted. 10 - Article 25 §1 of the same decree is replaced as follows: "§ 1 - it is strongly recommended that with the exception of the children up to the age of 12, including, mouth and nose covered with a mask or an alternative from fabric if the Rules of the social distancing can impossible, except in the cases mentioned in Article 23 § 1 paragraph 2 and without prejudice to paragraph 2 and 3rd with the exception of children up to the age of 12, including each, everyone is obliged in any case, in the following locations in any case And to cover nose with a mask or an alternative material: 1. In the closed areas provided in Article 19, 2. In the closed areas of the organized communal means of transportation, 3rd service provider and customers: in facilities and places where contact professions are exercised where there are direct physical contact between service provider and the customer or during at least 15 minutes of the ABS Tand of 1.5 m between the service provider and the customer cannot be guaranteed, 4th for employees and organizers and for the audience: while the activities planned in Article 15 § 2 paragraph 1 with an audience of 500 or more. "Art." 11 - In Article26 of the same decree, the words "25 § 1 paragraph 2 and 3" are replaced by the words "25 §1 paragraph 2". 12 - The existing decree comes into force on October 1, 2021, with exceptional Article 8 No. 1, which will enter the Belgian state ply in Kraft.Brussin, September 27, 2021a. Publishers