Publication: 2021-03-17NUMAC: 2021030519Federal Public Service Home Affairs 9 March 2021.-Ministerial Circular Letter on the absence for vaccination against COVID-19 of the operational staff members of the assistance zones-featured chairman currently used all resources to have the population of the population to be used It is of great importance that all citizens get the chance to be vaccinated. This certainly also applies to the operational staff members of the assistance zones, as referred to in Article 14 of the Act of 15 May 2007 on civil security. For the sake of the operationality of the service, it has been rejected that a vaccination can be as smooth as possible, without difficulties or disadvantages for the operational staff member. With this circular letter I want to give guidelines to the assistance zones for their operational staff members: the professional firefighters and the voluntary firefighters, deburs ambulanciers and the Voluntary ambulance officers. The operational staff member who is invited to be vaccinated at a time when he/she is obliged to perform performance before the assistance zones pursuant to the labor scheme imposed on him/her, the service may leave the necessary time and receives a missionary chair for this. If applicable, the shipment chair for each required injection. This means that professional firefighters will retain their wage and the premium for operationality and irregular performance during the duration of the shipment. The professional ambulanciers retain their paving and, if the granting conditions are met, their allowance irregular performance during the duration of the shipment. The voluntary firefighters and ambulance persons maintain their performance fee and, if the granting conditions are paid, their allowance for impaired performance during the duration of the shipment. In addition, the other modalismal ones continue to be determined in the zonal regulations regarding shipments (1). The operational staff member reports to the zone commander, or his representative that he/she wishes to go to an invitation to vaccination and this at the latest Two days prior to the vaccination. This with a view to maintaining the operationality of the service. At the request of the zone commander, or his delegate, the staff member explains proof of his initial call for vaccination. Things are granted for the relocation to and from the vaccination site, the vaccination itself and dust pause following the vaccination. This letter is valid from February 1, 2021 up to and with31 December 2021. I would like to ask these rules correctly for respect and recognition for these staff members who work every day in the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie. Heogend.brussel, March 9, 2021.a. Verlinden, Minister of the Interior, Institutional Reforms and Democratic Renovation _________ Note (1) See Article 3 of the Royal Decree of 19 April 2014 on the remuneration scheme of the Operational Personnel of the Relief ZonesPublication: 2021-04-13Numac: 2021030647 Ministerie of the French Community 11 March 2021.-Decree consenting with the cooperation agreement of 25 February 2021 amending the Framework Agreement to cooperation of 27 February 2014 between the French Community, the Walloon Region and the French Commission concerning the inter-franse-speaking health and assistance to persons and concerning common principles that apply to the latter to cope with the COVID-19 Emergency Seveuur situations of the French Community and we, government, ratify what follows: any Article - Agreement is granted with the cooperation agreement of 25 February 2021 amending the Framework Agreement of 27 February 2014 between the French Community, the Walloon Region and the French Community Commission relevant the Inter -Franstal Consultation on Health and Assistance to Persons and concerning Communitysc Maarlijkeprec principles that apply to the latter to cope with the COVID-19 Emergency situations.kondegendit decree, orders that it will be announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. Brussels, 11 March 2021. The Prime Minister, P.-Y . Jallessed vice president and minister's budget, civil servants, equal opportunities and supervision of "Wallonie-Bruxelles Enseigement", Fr.Daerden Vice Presidente and Minister of Child, Health, Culture, Media and Women's Rights, B.Linardde Minister of Higher Education, Education for Social Promotion , University hospitals, providing assistance to youth, justice houses, youth, sports and promotion of Brussels, v. Glatignydeminister of Education, c. Desir_____notazite 2020-2021pieces of parliament. Design of Decree, no. 207-1.- Text adopted during the Plenary meeting, no. 207-2.Tegral report. - Discussion and contracting. - Meeting of 10 March 2021Cooperation agreement amendment of the Framework Agreement to cooperation of 27 February 2014 between the French Community, the Walloon Region and the French Community Commission on the consultation between French speakers of the people of the French and assistance to persons and on the common principles that are applicable in these matters to be the head to COVID-19 Emergency Standing on the Special Act of 8 August 1980 for the reform of the institutions, amended by the special law of 16 July1993, Article 5, § 1, I and II, and Article 92bis, § 1; Having regard to the special decree of the French Community of 3 April 2014 on the powers of the French Community, of which the exercise is transferred to the Walloon Region and to the French Community Commission, Article13; Having regard to the decree of the Meeting of the French Community Commission of 4 April 2014 on the powers of the French Community, the exercise of which is OVE in the past The Walloon Region and the French Community Commission, Article 13; Having regard to the Decree of the Walloon Region of 11 April 2014 on the powers of the French Community, of which the Deputy Exercise is transferred to the Walloon Region and the French Community Commission, Article 13; must be found to cope with the emergency states arising the COVID-19 Pandemie and that the Framework Agreement of 27 February 2014 between the French Government, the Walloon Region and the French Community Commission on the consultation between French-speaking health and social assistance to persons and people and assistance concerning the common principles that apply to these matters, must be changed without delay, in order to speed up the consultation of the Ministerial Committee and the consultation body in the context of the adoption of legislation or regulations that are specifically oriented on the fight against COVID-19; Whereas the management of the Depandemia requires extreme reactivity and a large number of changes to decrees and regulations with that that must be urgently approved (in particular on the basis of Article 3 or Article84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws on the Council of State, coordinated on January 12, 1973), in terms of decisions of the consultation committee or of the Interministerial Conference Molk Health, and which have already largely been coordinated between the federal states; The deadlines determined in the cooperation agreement are incompatible with this requirement of mandatory heightness; nature is provided; Whereas the consultation is made by the Ministers of Public Health and Ministers Presidents, on the one hand, in the Interministerial Fense Public Health and, on the other hand, in the consultation committee for the files on the fight against COVID-19 for which consultation is required for the urgent need for the urgent that the urgent needs of urgent that the urgent need for the urgentness is required that the urgent need for the urgent that the urgent needs are required that the urgent need for urgent that the urgent need for the urgent needs is the urgent needs that the urgent need for the urgentness that the urgent needs is the urgentness of the urgentness that the urgent need for the urgent is, it is necessary to conclude a cooperation agreement, intermediate dephranse community, represented by its government in the person of Prime Minister P-Y Jehole; Hetwaal's region, represented by his government in the person of Prime Minister E. di Rupo; Defran community committee, Represented by her college in the person of chairwoman B. Tracht, article1. In Chapter V of the Framework Agreement for cooperation of 27 February 2014 between the French Community, the Walloon Region and the French Community Commission on the consultations between French -speakers in case and assistance to persons and concerning the common principles that are in these matters, a section 2 /1 inserted with the inscription "The procedure for extreme emergency states in the framework of combating the COVID-19 Pandemie". Art. 2. In section 2/1, inserted by Article 1, an Article 15/1 is inserted as follows: "Art. 15/1. If the preliminary draft, the proposal for decree or the draft regulatory decision that is subject to consultation specifically Fighting COVID-19 is aimed at, the Ministerial Committee and the consultative body are consulted and have a period of at most two calendar days to provide advice. If no advice has been issued within the period referred to in the previous paragraph, the formality is deemed to be met to be. ".Art. 3This cooperation agreement will take effect on 17 March 2021, provided that all consent standards before that date are the parliaments of the French Community and of the Walloon Region, as well as by the Meeting of the French Community Commission.In the absence of this, the agreement enters into force the day on which the last consent standard is adopted.Brussels, 25 February 2021, in the same number of copies as there are Contracting Departments, in the French language. For the government of the French Community: the Prime Minister, P-Y.Di Rupovoorhet College of the French Community Commission: the chairwoman of the college, B.TrachtPublication: 2021-03-17Numac: 2021030658waalse Government Service 11 March 2021.-Decision of the Walloon Government to implement Article 47/17bis of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health with regard to the Protocol for the implementation of phase 1.b, what whatever concerns the people aged 65 and older and some critical functions, and phase 2 of the COVID-19 vaccination program for adults and to insert an addendum in the protocols for phase 1.a.1, 1.a.2 and 1. A.3DE Walloon Government, in view of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health, in particular Article 47/17bis inserted by the decision of the Walloon Government of Special Powers No. 68 of December 2020 to insert an Article 47/17bis in Walloon Code of Social Action and Health with regard to the vaccination of adults against COVID-19; Given the proposal for a protocol to implement phase 1.B, with regard to persons aged 65 and older and some critical functions, and phase 2 of the COVID 19 vaccination program for adults and to insert an addendumin the protocols for phase 1.a.1, 1.a.2 and 1.a., of the Walloon cell COVID-19 and the Walloon Agency of Health , Social protection, disability and families, received on 24 February 2021; Given the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on 24 February 2021; Having regard to the consent of the Minister of Budget, given on 25 February 2021; Having regard to the report drawn up at25 February 2021 in accordance with Article 4, 2 °, of the Decree of 3 March 2016 on the implementation of the resolutions of the United Nations Women's Conference that held in Beijing in September 1995 and to integrate the gender dimension in the whole of the regional policy lines for the matters arranged Pursuant to Article 138 of the Constitution; Having regard to the advice of theinter-Franstal consultation body of 8 March 2021 and the consultation in the intra-French-speaking ministerial committee for Overle g of 8 March 2021; Having regard to advice No 68921/4 of the Council of State, given on March 5, 2021, in accordance with Article 84, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, of the laws on Deraad van State, coordinated on January 12, 1973; in view of the urgent necessity entered through the context of the health crisis and the vital importance for public health and to prevent the revival of the pandemic in connection with COVID-19 that the necessary vaccination measures can be taken; in view of the consultations between the governments of the sub-areas and the competent federal authorities, in the National Security Council that has been gathering since the beginning of March 2020; receiving Article 191 of the EU Treaty in which the precautionary principle has been recorded in the context of the management of an international sanitary crisis and the active preparation for the potential incidents of these crises; that this principle means that if a serious risk occurs in all probability jug, public authorities must take urgent and provisional measures; in view of the statement of WHO in connection with the characteristics of the Coronavirus COVID-13, in particular the strong infectiousness and the risk of mortality; whereas WHO on March 11, 2020, the Covid-19 was labeled as a pandemic; Whereas WHO is threatening level for the Coronavirus Covid-19 on March 16, 2020, which destabilizes the world economy and quickly spreads the world, in view of the distribution of the Coronavirus Covid-19 on European territory and in Belgium; on the urgent necessities the health risk that the Coronavirus Covid-19 entails for the Belgian population; Predominant to delay and limit the spread of the virus, it is necessary to immediately recommend the measures taken into consideration, which appear indispensable in terms of public health; predominantly the danger spread throughout the territory of the entire country; that in the public interest that it is given coherence to the measures taken to maintain public order, so that its effectiveness is highest possible; require; predominantly COVID-19 is still circulating on European and Belgian territory; health risicovan exceptional and unprecedented nature; The Rutshuis started at the beginning of 2021 Personnel and residents (phase1.a.1) and successively will be continued with the collective care and auxiliary institutions (phase 1.a.2), the hospital institutions (phase 1.a.3) and primary care and first -line care (phase 1 .a.4); predominant at the end of February 2021, the vaccination of the groups intended in this phase; mostly the urgent necessity is justified; in view of the law of December 22, 2020 keeping -diverse measures with regard to rapid antigen tests and registration and registration and registration and registration and registration processing data relevant vaccinations in the context of the fight against the COVID-19 Pandemie, in particular on Article 11; Having regard to the Royal Decree of 24 December 2020 on the registration and processing of data with regard to vaccinations against COVID-19; in view of the; draft cooperation agreement between the Federal State, the Flemish Community, the French Community, the German -speaking community, the common community committee, the Walloon Region, and the French Community Committee on data processing with regard to vaccinations against COVID-19; In view of the Decree of the Walloon Government of 4 January 2021 implementing Article 47/17bis of the Walloon Code of Vansocial Action and Health with regard to the Protocol for the implementation of phase 1.a.1 of the adult 19-vaccination program for adults the retirement homes and the resting and care homes; Given the decision of the Walloon Government of 4 February 2021 to implement Article 47/17bis of Hetwaalse Code of Social Action and Health with regard to the Protocol for the implementation of phase 1.a.2 of the COVID 19 vaccination program for adults with regard to the collective care and auxiliary institutions; in view of the decision of the Walloon Government of 4 February 2021 to implement Article 47/17bis of Hetwaalse Code of Social Action and Health with regard to the Protocol for implementation MAIN VASSION 1.A3 of the COVID 19-vaccination program for adults with regard to the hospital institutions; Given the decision of the Walloon Government of 18 February 2021 to implement Article 47/17bis of Hetwaalse Code of Social Action and Health with regard to the Protocol for Implementation of Thase 1 .a.4 of the COVID 19 vaccination program for adult with regard to first-line assistance and first-line care; in view of the decision of the Interministerial Conference of 3 December 2020; had to be, in consultation with each sub -area and the federal government; having been given the decision of the Interministerial Public Health conference of 6 February 2021 to include certain categories of persons, in particular those with critical functions, in priority and in advance in the vaccination of phase 1. b, where the vaccines are allocated in accordance with the scientific advice, initially based on the possibility of administering AstraZeneca for the age group between 18 and 55 years, and to administer an MRNA vaccine for the age groups above 55 years. availability of the AstraZeneca Vaccin, persons in the age group aged 18 to 55 who perform the critical function of a member of an intervention team the site within the police services, must be vaccinated in priority; having regard to the decision of the Interministerial Public Health of 3 March 2021, where the administration of the AstraZeneca vaccine to the entire adult population, from the age of 18, is permitted, after advice from the High Health Council of 2 March 2021; In particular, aimed at persons aged 65 and older, but also on the critical functions that in the decision of the Interministerial Public Health Conference of 6 February 2021 have been established; predominantly this prioritization is related to the vulnerability or exposure of the target groups; risk to develop a serious or deadly form of COVID-19 is considerably greater and that, given the limited amount of vaccines currently available, priority must be given to the protection of this population group; the site within the police services, with priority and in advance must be vaccinated, in the light of the decision of the Interministerial Conference Public Health of 6 February 2021, due to their fundamental role in the safety of the state and in the management of decrisis, and in view of the nature of the interventions that it is not possible Aachen guarantee compliance with the barrier regale; the entire adult population who lives on the territory of the French language area; Moving, the vaccination on site is performed in the retirement homes Rest and care homes in the French language area. Considerant that the following is planned for Phase1.a.2: "To prevent the joint residents and staff of decollective care - and auxiliary institutions must move, the vaccination is performed in these institutions themselves, located in French language d " different protocols set vaccination places must be permitted; This vaccine for phases 1.a.2 and 1.a.3 of the COVID-19 vaccination program for adults;3 of HetCovid-19-vaccination program for adults the use of a vaccine was not specified, and not even the possibility that another vaccine can be used, it is useful to tenant in a addendum in the protocols for these phases, in particular with in view of the predictability of the readability; on the nomination of the Minister of Health; after deliberation, decision: Article 1. This Decree regulates, in accordance with Article 138 of the Constitution, a matter intended in Article 128, § 1, of it. 2. The government is taking the protocol to the implementation of phase 1.B, with regard to persons aged 65 and older and some critical functions, and phase 2 of the COVID-19-CACination program for adults referred to in Article 47/17bis of the Waals Act of Social Action and Health, stated in Annex to this decision.art. 3. The Government accepts the following documents: 1 ° the addendum in Appendix 1 to the decision of the Waalssekery of 4 January 2021 to implement Article 47/17bis of the Walloon Code of Social Actions Health with regard to the Protocol for Phase Implementation 1.a.1 of the COVID-19 vaccination program Adult in terms of retirement homes and the resting and care homes; 2 ° the Addendum Bij Annex 1 to the Decree of the Walloon Government of 4 February 2021 implementing Article 47/17bisvan of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health with regard to the Protocol for the implementation of Phase 1.a.2 of the COVID- 19-vaccination program for adults in terms of collective care and assistance settings; EN3 ° the Addendum in Appendix 1 to the decision of the Walloon Government of 4 February 2021 to implement Article 47/17bis of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health with the Protocol for the implementation of Phase 1.a.3 of the COVID -19-vaccination program mature in terms of hospital institutions. These addenda are included in appendices 2, 3 and 4 respectively with this decision. 4. This decision has elaboration with effect from 24februari 2021.Art. 5. The Minister of Health is charged with the implementation of this decision names, 11 March 2021. For the government: the Prime Minister, e. Di Rupoineminister of Work, Training, Health, Social Action, Equal Opportunities and Women's Rights, CH.Morrealbijlage 1 In the decision of the Walloon Government to implement article 47/17bis of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health with regard to the Protocol for the implementation of phase 1.B With regard to persons aged 65 and older and some critical functions phase 2 of the COVID-19 vaccination program for adults and to insert an addendum in the protocols for phase 1.a.1, 1.a.2 and 1.a.3 "Protocol for the implementation of phase 1.B, Watpeelt the persons aged 65 and over and some critical functions, and of phase 2 of the COVID-19Vaccination program for adults. The main principles of the Belgian vaccination strategy against COVID-19 are the following: The inter-ministerial Public Health Conference of 11 November2020 has established the main principles, underlying to the Belgian vaccination strategy:-vaccinal coverage with a purpose of 70% of the population,- determining the priority groups on the basis of scientific advice;- free vaccination on a voluntary basis for each citizen;- co-financing the joint vaccination program by the federal government The sub-areas. These decisions are linked to the following conditions and data:- massive vaccination campaigns where in which The vaccines are delivered in multi-dose flacons, serve the same day;- Belgium make one or more effective and safe vaccines against COVID-19 available. for public health supported by the Interfederal Task Force "Vaccin COVID-19", founded on 16 November 2020 by the Interministeri-Conference Public Health, the joint health structures of the country including Sciensano and the Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Produces ten (Fagg). To this end, the registration software vaccine+ is used by all sub-areas.- The will to overcome restraint to the vaccine by persuasion and transparent and so to ensure that the population endorses this strategy on public health. The vaccination against COVID-19 concerns ankle the adult audience (from the age of 18). The indications for the administration of a vaccine and deeventual contraindications in the vaccination are provided in accordance with the SOPs and recommendations for the use of the vaccine to be attributed and, with regard to contraindications, on the basis of even a medical analysisThere will be a vaccination card, where appropriate, any person who has received the vaccination against COVID-19. For the operationalization of the vaccination strategy against COVID-19 for Belgium "to approve the advice of the scientists of the High Health Council. That document provides for a phased access of deprioritarian target groups to the COVID-19 vaccine. The Interministerial Conference Molk Health of 6 February 2021 initially, and taking into account the present available scientific advice on the effectiveness of the vaccine Astrazeneca for the age categories of 18 to 55 Year decided, early and priority the categories of persons from these age groups belonging to the critical functions, namely the intervention teams within the police, to vaccinate. The Interministerial Conference Public Health of 3 March 2021 then decided that the Astrazeneca vaccine could be administered to the jointly spanning population from the age of 18, on the basis of the advice of the High Health Council on March 2, 2021; the vaccination against COVID-19 is therefore phased in function of these priorities, but also compared to the limited BESCS Hikability of vaccines and their recommendation to administrer category of persons after phase 1.a.4 intend the following priority groups, identified by the interministerial Public Health Conference in phase 1.b, in particular the persons of 65 years older and the critical functionsa phase 1.b phase 1.b The group is last identified by the interministerial Public Health Conference in phase 2 the adult population. In that document -developed protocol, phase 1.B only aims at the persons aged 65 and older, and the critical functions as identified during the Interministerial Public Health of 6 February2021 on the one hand, and phase 2 that concerns the adult population. When drawing up this procedure being distribution and vaccination data only available for the vaccines Pfizer and Moderna (vaccine of the mrna type), as well as Astra Zeneca (vaccine of the adenovirus type) and are further determined in the current protocol. The use of another vaccine means that a specific administration recommendation is issued by the FAGG. Notwithstanding the further provisions that current protocol provides for information regarding the order, storage, distribution and preparation of each vaccine against COVID-19, the rules will be determined with the latest versions of the SOPs as described by the FAGG and observed must become. The Protocol concerns the following persons in the French language area:- the persons aged 65 and older;- perform the person's following critical functions: the intervention units in the field within the police;- the adult population procedure and data flow for phase 1.b ( Regarding persons from 65 years and Oudern and the critical functions as identified during the inter-ministerial conference interpreter's health of 6 February 2021) and for phase 2: the vaccinations against COVID-19 that are administered in the French language area are registered by the person who has the vaccin administered, or by his authorized representative. The doctor (who remains ultimately responsible) whether the nursing Dishes are charged a vaccine against COVID-19 or with the supervision, must register in accordance with the existing framework in the Vaccinet+.alle Covid-19-vaccines Register The vaccinators make the authorities available by the authorities. They must be ordered in the ordering and registration system determined in the SOP (Standard Operating Procedures), drawn up by the Federal Agency for Medicines and Health Products, according to the rules that the governments have brought before. persons of 65 years and older, and the critical functions) and for phase 2 A. joint organizational bond The distribution of the vaccines by the interfederal task force and the Walloon Regional Hospital Hubs, spread equally throughout the territory of the French language area in general hospitals that have been pfizer vaccines have a cooling capacity at -80 ° C, are designated with their consent on the basis of their storage capacities, as well as two main centers in Ronquières and Bierset.de Moderna settings for a cooling capacity at -20 ° C. The AstraZeneca settings have single -cat capacity 2 to 8 ° CThe total number of vaccines that must be ordered at the central hub is determined by the sum of the number of persons to be vaccinated. The hospital pharmacies of the Pfizer Hubs and the Central Moderna and AstraZeneca Hubs distribute the vaccines according to their availability in the vaccination centers for this phase 1.b and With regard to persons aged 65 and parent and the critical functions as identified during the interministerial Public Health conference of 6 February2021, as well as phase 2 (adult population). These vaccination centers are particularly determined by geographical criteria and whose list is available on the website of The "Agence Wallonnepour une vie de Qualité" .b. Operational development of the distribution of the MRNA vaccines frompfizer, Moderna and Astra Zenecade Order, the storage and distribution of each vaccine answering the "Standard Operating Procedures" (SOP), laid down by the Federal Agency for Medicines Health Products.C. Preparation of the Pfizer-vaccinating physician Derie performs or coordinates the vaccination: the vaccine bottle is taken out of deck box (2 to 8 ° C), is exposed to room temperature for 30 minutes and each vaccine bottle (solution with 1.8 ml of physiological water is exposed ) is re -assembled within 2 hours, with the resolved fluid that makes 6 vaccinations of 0.3 ml possible. The solved vaccine remains collecting for 6 hours of 2 to 30 ° C.D.D. Preparation of the Moderna-Accesscordinating Arts, who performs or coordinates the vaccination, takes over the SOPs: the vaccine bottle is removed from the refrigerator (2 to 8 ° C), for 15 minutes of room temperature is exposed to the vaccination. . No single solution is needed, every 5 ml bottle makes 10 vaccinations of 0.5 ml possible. This is the contents of the bottle within six hours. As soon as the vaccine is in the syringe, it must be used immediately. The thawed modern vaccine is brittle, it should not be shaken. Preparation of the Astra Zeneca vaccine vaccinating doctor, who performs or coordinates the vaccination, takes over the SOPs: the vaccine bottle is removed from the refrigerator (2 to 8 ° C), is exposed to room temperature for 15 minutes and becomes within 6 hours at the latest The vaccination started. No solution is necessary, each 5 ml bottle makes 10 vaccinations of 0.5 ml possible. On the other hand, the open -free puncture must be used within six hours (storage between 2 and 25 °). As soon as the vaccine is in the syringe, it must be used immediately.f. Organization of the vaccination in the vaccination centers number of candidates who want to be vaccinated in advance to the Hospital Hub to which the vaccination center is linked, transferred, with due observance determined in the SOPs. The vaccine to be administered. A single type of vaccin is used one vaccination line. The candidate to be vaccinated with the vaccination code of vaccination center, carries a surgical or substances mask, is dehanded and the barrier actions follows. The vaccinating doctor Has informed the vaccinated candidate in advance and his consent, in accordance with the SOPs. The list with furniture, computer equipment and medical material taxed by the doctors in the vaccination center with the vaccination, confirmed before the start of the vaccination (see Appendix A). The administrative management and the Medical history that mainly relates to the potential contraindications are preceded by the allergy risks to the intramuscular injection. The injection is followed by one15 to 30 -minute supervision in a room where social distancing is possible, with attention for all -time risks. Entering the vaccination data in Vaccinnet+ in accordance with the existing framework is followed by establishing the agreement for the injection of the second vaccindosis -other The SOPs for every vaccine.g. Places where the vaccination is performed takes place in one of the vaccination centers from which the candidate to be vaccinated can choose the appointment tool.h. Invited to the invitation to vaccinate candidate reports on the appointment tool after having received an invitation writing by post, coupled, where appropriate, to an invitation via e-mail or SMS if this information is available. The invitation contains the code with which he will the vaccination can get the appointment tool the candidate dan chooses the place, date and the hours before his vaccination. If the candidate is intended for phase 1.bniet, he will be referred to phases 2 of the vaccination campaignAs the candidate is not intended for phase 2, he is referred to a specific procedure that will make his vaccination possible if he wishes. The persons who have not received an invitation and who report that they want to be vaccinated can receive a vaccination in the framework of the vaccination phase for which they were invited.i. Communication and type of evaluation: Erwits a general communication about COVID-19 in advance, the vaccination and the vaccination process-oriented at the managements of the vaccination centers, as well as to the doctors or doctors' organizations are taxed with the vaccination. This communication consists in particular of the following:- the contradiction of the weekly newsletter of Vaccinet+;- Sending the training equipment of Vaccinnet+;- creating visual information carriers and/or dialogue support for the patient/caregiver- the website for Aviq, including a list of FAQ available for the practitioners referred to;- organizing webinars and the management of the questions that are offered. Appendix A: List of equipment and the medicines requires the SOP vaccination: a. Basic equipment: - Waiting room with the possibility of social distancing and pasting of contraindications - Hydroal alcoholic gel - Vaccination room: O forehead thermometer o Blood pressure meter O stethoscope - Refrigeration to store medicines, at a temperature between 2 and 8 degrees, with a standard temperature registration or a standardization makes it possible per day, fridge or local and lock - garbage bags - bins for B1 waste - garbage bins for B2 waste, empty vaccinations, spraying and needles - vaccination room that is large enough for 2 people, and ventilates - at least 2 tables and 4 Seats (sufficient distance storage) - Walking water for hand -washing the possibility of guaranteeing the protection of private life - care for hydroalcoholic solutions, wipes and disinfectant for surface bubbles. Information equipment:- at least 1 PC, 1 ID card reader, 1 barcode scanner and QR code scanner, 1 printer- if possible WiFi connection, WiFi code available- access to the vaccination software "Vaccinet+" c. Protective equipment for staff: - Surgical mask - gloves - Optional: keel, glasses, or facial screen. Equipment for preparations The administration of the vaccine spraying of 3 ml, with a gradation of 0.1 ml, and 18G spray needle, ampoules NaCl 0.9% for vaccino solution - spray 1 ml, gradation with 0.1 ml and injection needle with23 or 25 Gauge - compresses, - alcohol disinfecting wipes for bottle, individual packaged bandage E. Equipment for patients: - anaphylactic and allergy nitmet at least 2 ampoules adrenaline 1 mg/1 ml, 2 1 ml spray with 1 ml gradation, 2 needles 18 g, 2 Naalden21 G, 2 needles 23 g, - solumed roll ampoules - antihistamin tablets -sugar -containing drinks. - oxygen saturation meter (wrist-oxymeter) ". Seen to be added to the decision of the Walloon Government, the implementation of Article 47/17bis of the Walloon Act of Social Action and Health with regard to the protocol for the implementation of phase 1.b, what concerns the people aged 65 and older and some critical functions and phase 2 of the vaccination program mature against COVID-19 and to insert a addendum in the protocols of phase 1.a.1, 1.a.2en 1.a.3 names , 11 March 2021. For the government: the Prime Minister, etc. Rupode Minister of Work, Training, Health, Social Action, Equal Opportunities and Women's Rights, CH.MorrealeBijlage 2 in the Decree on the implementation of Article 47/17bisvan Het Waals Social Action and Health Code with regard to the Protocol for the implementation of phase 1.B, with regard to persons aged 65 and older and some critical functions and phase 2 of the adult vaccination program for COVID-19 and to Inserti ng of a addendum in the protocols of phase 1.a.1, 1.a.2 and 1.a.3 "Addendum in appendix 1 to the decision of the Walloon Government of 4 January 2021 to implement Article 47/17bis of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health with the Protocol for the implementation of phase 1.a.1 of the COVID 19 vaccination program Adult in terms of retirement homes and the resting and care homes The vaccination places mentioned under point C of Appendix 1 are extended to the other Vaccination places determined for the implementation of the adult vaccination program against COVID-19, regarding residents, the employees (including the volunteers) who arrived at the rest homes and the care homes after completing phase 1. A.1. "To be added to the decision of the Walloon government implementing Article 47/17bis of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health with regard to the Protocol for the implementation of phase 1.B, regarding the persons of 65 years and older and some Critical functions and phase 2 of the vaccination program for adult against COVID-19 and to insert an addendum in the protocols of phase 1.a.1, 1.a.2 and 1.a.3names, 11 March 2021. For the government: Deminister -President, e. Di Rupode Minister of Work, Training, Health, Social Action, Equal Opportunities and Women's Rights, Ch. MORREATE BIJLAGE 3 In the decision -dealing implementation of Article 47/17bis of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health with regard to the protocol for the implementation of phase 1.B, with regard to persons aged 65 and older and some criticism and phase 2 of the Vaccination program for adults against COVID-19 and to insert an addendum in the protocols of phase 1.a.1, 1.a.2 and 1.a.3 "Addendum at Appendix 1 Bij the decision of the Walloon Government from 4 February 2021 to execution of Article 47/17bis of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health with regard to the Protocol for the implementation of phase 1.a.2 of the COVID 19-vaccination program for adults with regard to the collective care and auxiliary institutions Het use of another vaccine in that there is a specific administration recommendation provisions by the Fagg. Notwithstanding the further provisions that current Protocol for Information Course regarding the order in particular, the OP battle, the distribution and preparation of each vaccine covid-19, the rules will be determined by the last praise of the SOPs as described by the Fagg and must be taken into account. The indications for the administration of a vaccine the possible contraindications With the vaccination, in accordance with the SOPs and recommendations for the use of the vaccine to be administered and, with regard to contraindications, based on also a medical analysis. The Astra Zeneca vaccine can also be used for phase 1.a.2 and is prepared as follows: the vaccine doctor, who performs or coordinates the vaccination, takes over the SOPs: the vaccine bottle is taken out of the refrigerator (2 to 8 ° C), 15 minutes of room temperature is exposed and quickly, and at the latest within 6 hours, the vaccination is conceived. No single solution is needed, each 5 ml bottle makes 10 vaccinations of 0.5 ml possible. This is what the contents of The bottle is used within six hours (storage between 2 and 25 °). As soon as the vaccine is in the syringe, it must be used immediately. The vaccination places mentioned under point C of Appendix 1 are extensively determined by the other vaccination places for the various protocols for the implementation of the adults vaccination program against COVID-19, regarding the residents, the staff (metin concept of the volunteers) at the retirement homes and the Rest and care homes have arrived the completion of phase 1.a.2. The implementation of phase 1.B, with regard to the persons of 65 years older and some critical functions and phase 2 of the adult vaccination program against COVID-19 and insertion of an addendum in the protocols of phase 1.a.1, 1. A.2 and 1.a.3namen, 11Maart 2021. For the government: the Prime Minister, e. Di Rupodeminister of Work, Training, Health, Social Action, Equal Ka NSEN and Women's Rights, CH.Morrealbijlage 4 In the Decree on the implementation of Article 47/17bis of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health with regard to the Protocol for the Implementation of Phase 1.B, with regard to the persons of 65 years and older and some critical functions and phase 2 of the adult vaccination program against COVID-19 and to insert an addendum into the protocols of phase 1.a.1, 1.a.2 and 1.a.3 "Addendum at Appendix 1 to the decision of the Walloon Government of 4 February 2021 to implement Article 47/17bis of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health with regard to the Protocol for the implementation of phase 1.a.3 of the COVID-19 vaccination program Adult with regard to collective care and Auxiliary institutions The use of another vaccine means that a specific administration recommendation is issued by the FAGG. Notwithstanding further provisions that provide current protocol for information regarding the order, storage, distribution and preparation of each vaccine against COVID-19, the rules will determine the last prisoner of the SOPs as described by the FAGG and in mind have to be takenThe indications for the administration of a vaccine and any contraindications are provided for in accordance with the SOPs and recommendations for the use of the Tedienen Vaccin and, with regard to contraindications, based on also a medical analysis. Hetastra Zeneca Vaccin can also be used for phase 1.a.3 and is prepared as follows: Devacining doctor, who performs or coordinates the vaccination, takes over the SOPs: the vaccine bottle is removed from the refrigerator (2 to 8 ° C) , 15 minutes of room temperature is exposed and fast, and at the latest within 6 hours, the vaccination is started. No single solution is needed, each 5 ml bottle makes 10 vaccinations of 0.5 ml possible. Bottle within six hours are used (storage between 2 and 25 °). As soon as the vaccine is in the syringe, it must be used immediately. Seen to be added to the decision of the Walloon Government implementing Article 47/17bis of the Walloon Code of Social Action and Health with regard to the Protocol for the implementation of phase 1.B, Watpeltjes the persons aged 65 and parent and some critical functions and phase 2 of the Vaccination Program Poor Adult against COVID-19 and to insert an addendum into the protocols of phase 1.a.1, 1.a.2en 1.a.3names, 11 March 2021. For the government: the Prime Minister, etc. Rupode Minister of Work, Training, Health, Social Action, Equal Opportunities and Women's Rights, CH.Morreale