Publication: 2021-03-31Numac: 2021041048federal Public Service Justice29 March 2021.-Ministerial Decree establishing the period of suspension of the implementation of certain entertainment modalities of prisoners to implement Article 62 of the law of 20 December 2020 containing various temporary and structural provisions With regard to the judiciary in the context of the fight against the distribution of COVID-19De Minister of Justice, in view of the law of 20-December 2020 containing various temporary and structural provisions on the judiciary in the context of the fight against the distribution of COVID-19, Articles 62 and 69, given the Royal Decree of March 29, 2021, to extend some measures taken in laws of 20 December 2020-containing various temporary and structural provisions regarding the judiciary in the context of the fight against the distribution of the COVID-19 Coronavirus, of 30 April 2020 containing various provisions on the judicial authorities in the KA of the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19 and from 20 May 2020 containing various provisions regarding the judiciary in the context of the fight against the distribution of the Coronavirus COVID-19; Having regard to the ministerial decision of the period determining the period of suspension of the implementation of certain entertainment modalities of prisoner Implementation of Article 62 of the Act of 20 December 2020 containing various temporary and structural provisions regarding the judiciary in the context of the fight against the distribution of COVID-19; , coordinated on January 12, 1973, Article 3, § 1, first paragraph, in view of the urgent necessity, which does not allow to wait for the advice of the Act of the Council of State within a short period of five days, motivated by the fact that This ministerial decision must be published before the validity period of the previous ministerial decision r Implementation of Article 62 of the Act of 20 December 2020 on various temporary and structural provisions regarding the judiciary in the context of the fight against the distribution of COVID-19, ends, say this for or no later than 31 March 2021. Again the required legal certainty for the period within which Article 62 of this Act actually continues to apply and in which, consequently, the implementation of the following entertainment modalities is effectively suspended there; predominantly the circumstances in which it was first decided to activate this suspension measure in essence; that the risks of bringing in infections from free society through the constant abandonment and entering of prison have therefore remained fundamentally the same; that it is justified on the basis of the available information and the measures taken for free society risks will also not fundamentally reduce before the prisoner population has been vaccinated in its entirety; that vaccination within the prisons still has to start up and may not be completed before the end of June 2021; that the suspension measure will therefore be extended until 30 June 2021. Considerant that the renewed activation of this suspension measure will detract from the possibility for the director for the director to allow exceptions to that urgent and humanitarian circumstances Whether Wanterdeerderse suspending would seriously jeopardize the probation service, decision: Article1. The period in which the implementation of the decisions to grant out -of -out permits and penitentiary relief to a convicted person on the basis of the law of 17 May 2006 on the external legal position of the convicted persons for a custodial sentence and the rights allocated to the victim in the window of the criminal implementation modalities, including the ends of this based on Article 59 of the same law, and of the decisions for the granting of outsourcing permits and leaving to an internal on the basis of the law of 5 May 2014 on internment, insofar as these entertainment modalities are carried out from an establishment referred to in Article 3, 4 °, a) or b), of the same law, is suspended, stamp from 1 April to 30 June 2021.Art. 2. This Decree comes into effect on 1APRIL 2021.Brussel, 29 March 2021.v. Van QuickenbornePublication: 2021-04-13Numac: 2021041096Federal Public Service Finance 2 April 2021.-Act amendment to the Code of the added value in terms of the regulation that applies to distance purchasing of goods and to certain deliveries of goods and services (1 ) Filip, King of the Belgians, to all who are now and will have accepted our greeting. The Chamber of Representatives and we follow it follows: Article 1. This law regulates a matter as referred to in Article 74 of the Netherlands. 2. This law provides for the partial conversion of Directive (EU) 2017/2455 of the Council of 5 December 2017 amending Directive 2006/112/EC and Directive 2009/132/EG Watensreekt certain VAT obligations for services and distance purchasing of goods . The law provides for the conversion of Directive (EU) 2019/1995 of the Council of 21 November 2019 to amend Directive 2006/112/EC with regard to the provisions on distance sales and certain domestic deliveries of goods.art. 3. Article 1 of the Code of the Tax on the added value, most recently amended by the law of 26 January 2021, is supplemented with paragraphs 19 and20, reading: "§ 19. For the application of this Code," intra -Community remote sale of goods ": the deliveries of goods sent or transported by or the provision of the supplier, even when the supplier indirectly intervenes during transport or shipment of the goods, from a Member State other than those of the arrival of shipping or transport of goods to the customer, if the following conditions are met: 1 ° the delivery of goods is performed for a taxpayer or for a non-taxable legal person of whom the intra-Community acquisitions of goods pursuant to Article 3 (1) of the Directive2006/112/EC are subject to the tax, or for any other non-taxable person; 2 ° the delivered goods are none New means of transport referred to in Article 8bis, § 2, nor goods, delivered after assembly or installation, by or for the account of the supplier, with or without tests of the installed or mounted goods. § 20. For the application of this Code is understood by "distance sales of goods entered from a third country area or a third country": the deliveries of goods sent or transported by or for the account of the supplier, including cases in which the supplier is indirectly intervenes during the transport or shipment of the goods, from a third country area or a third country to a customer in a Member State, if the following conditions are met: 1 ° the delivery of goods is carried out for one taxable person or for a non-taxable legal person of Anyone who is not subject to VAT under Article 3 (1) of goods under Article 3, paragraph 1, of the 2006/112/EC Directive, or for any other non-taxable person; 2 ° the delivered goods are not a new means of transport in Article 8bis, § 2 nor goods, delivered after assembly or installation, by or provider the supplier, with or without press oven of the installed or mounted goods. ". Art.4. In Chapter III, Section 1, Subsection 1, of the same Code, an Article 13bis is inserted, reading: "Art. 13bis. § 1. If a taxpayer through the use of an electronic interface, such as a marketplace, platform, portal or similar tool , distance sales of goods entered from a third country area or a third country in shipments with an intrinsic value of Nietsmeer than 150 euros, is deemed to have delivered those taxpayers who delivered goods himself. § 2. If a taxpayer through the use of an electronic interface, is deemed to have delivered Such as a marketplace, platform, portal or similar plea, the delivery of goods within the community by a taxable person who is not liable for a non-taxable person, the taxpayer who facilitates the delivery is deemed to have received and delivered those goods himself. " .Art. 5. Article 14 of the same Code, abolished by the Act of27 December 1977, restored by the law of 17 December 2012 and amended by the law of 3 November 2019, is supplemented with a paragraph 6, "§ 6. If a taxable person To have received and delivered goods in accordance with Article 13bis, the shipment or transport of the goods is allocated to the delivery that is carried out by that taxpayer. ". Article 15 of the same Code, replaced by the law of 17 December 2012 and amended by the Act of 30 July 2018, will be replaced as follows: "Art. 15. § 1By way of derogation from Article14, § 2, and to the exclusion of the delivery of goods subject to the special regulation of taxation referred to in Articles 312 to 341 of Directive 2006/112/EC, are supposed to take place: 1 ° the intra -Community distance sales of goods, goods were in Belgium at the time of the arrival of the shipment or transport of the goods to the customer; 2 ° the distance sales, from a third -country area or one -third country, when the goods are in Belgium on the time of the arrival of the shipment or transport of the goods to the customer and the import in another Member State Dan Belgium takes place; 3 ° the distance purchases from a third -country area or a third country of imported when the goods are in Belgium at the time of arrival of the shipment or the transport of the goods to the customer and the import in Belgium takes place, provided that the Tax on those goods must be indicated in the context of the special regulation referred to in Title XII, Chapter 6, Section 4, of the 2006/112/EG. The first paragraph, 1 °, is not applicable if the following conditions are met : 1 ° the supplier is established or, in the absence of a location, has its place of residence or usual place of residence in only one state state, other than Belgium; 2 ° the goods are sent or transported to Belgium; 3 ° the total amount, excluding VAT, of the services referred to in Article 21bis, § 2, 9 °, second member, b), and from the intra -Community distance sales of goods to a Member State other than the ethical bed under 1 ° is not higher than 10,000 euros in the current calendar year, and that amount also has no exceeded in the course of the preceding calendar year. When threshold referred to in the second paragraph, 3 °, is exceeded in the course of a calendar year, the first paragraph, 1 °, applies from the first liver ING, considered in its entirety, for which the threshold has been exceeded. Deval value referred to in the second paragraph, 3 °, does not apply if the supplier has chosen in a Member State of the departure of goods that the deliveries take place in the Member State of arrival of the shipment Whether the transport of the goods or when he has chosen in its Member State of the establishment that the location of the services referred to in Article 21bis, § 2, 9 °, is determined in determining point b) of that provision. § 2. Contrary to Article 14, §2, and to the exclusion of the deliveries of goods, subject to the special regulation of tax -taxation the profit margin established by Article 58, § 4, the place where the goods are located is the time of the arrival of the shipment or transport to the customer as the place of delivery noted of an intra -Community distance sale of goods from Belgium. The first -line member does not apply if the following conditions are met: 1 ° the supplier is established or, in the absence of a location, has his place of residence or usual place of residence only one Member State; 2 ° The goods are sent or transported from Belgium to one other Member State than the person referred to under 1 °; 3 ° the total amount, excluding VAT, of the service clash in Article 21bis, § 2, 9 ° , second paragraph, b), and from the intra -Community distance sales from goods to a Member State other than the person referred to under 1 ° is in walking The calendar year more hoger than 10,000 euros, and has not exceeded that amount in the course of the preceding calendar year. When the threshold referred to in the second paragraph, 3 °, is exceeded, the first paragraph applies from the first delivery, considered in its entirety, for which the threshold is esrediented. The condition of the threshold referred to in the second paragraph, 3 °, is not applicable when the supplier chooses that the place of delivery of the intra -Community distance sale of goods from Belgium is located in the Member State of arrival of the shipment or transport of the goods. This choice applies for a period of at least two calendar years and also applies to the intra -Community distance sales of goods from Member States than Belgium. This option also means that the services referred to in Article 21bis, § 2, 9 °, second paragraph, b), take place in the Member State where the customer is established or where he has his place of residence or usual residence. § 3. The King determines the modalities of the communication of the data referred to in paragraph 2, third paragraph, and the modalities for the exercise of the choice meant in paragraph 2, fourth paragraph. Art. 7. Article 17 of the same Code, replaced By the Act of December 6, 2015 and last amended by the law of 11 February 2019, depositors 5 and 6 are supplemented: "§ 5Contrary to Article 16 and paragraph 1, the taxable fact of the delivery of goods is considered by a taxpayer who is deemed that goods have received and delivered in accordance with Article 13bis and of the delivery of goods to die -releasing place, and the tax owes the time at which the payment has been accepted.§ 6. Contrary to Article 16 and paragraph 1, finds the taxable fact of the distance sale of from third -country areas or third countries entered goods for which the tax is indicated in accordance with Title XII, Chapter 6, Chapter 6, Section 4, of the 2006/112/EC Directive, and the tax is due at the time at which the payment has been accepted. ". Art. 8. In Article 21bis, § 2, 9 °, of the same code, inserted at the Law of 26 November 2009 and replace by the law of 11 February 2019, the following changes will be made: 1 ° in the second paragraph, the provision will be under c) replaced as follows: "c) The total amount, excluding VAT, of the services referred to under b) and of the intra -Community distance sales of goods, as a member state other than the person referred to under a), is no higher than 10,000 euros in the current calendar year , and has not exceeded that amount in the course of the preceding calendar year. "; 2 ° the fourth paragraph is supplemented with the words" and also means that the intra -Community distance sales of goods take place in the Member State of arrival of the shipment or the transport of the goods. ". Art. 9. In Article 27, § 3, of the same Code, replaced by the Act of 17 December 2012 and amended by the law of 19 December 2014, the words "a service provision referred to in Articles58ter and 58Quater" are replaced by the words "one in Articles 58Ter, 58quaten 58quinquies referred to in action ".Art. 10. Article 39ter of the same Code, inserted by the law of 28 December 1992, was abolished by the Royal Decree of 8 October 1999, ratified by the law of 5 August 2003, is restored as follows: "Art. 39ter. Are exempt of the tax, the Deliveries of goods to the taxpayer who is deemed to have received those goods and delivered in accordance with Article 13bis, § 2. ". Art. 11. In Article 40, §1, of the same Code, replaced by the law of 28 December 1992 and last amended by the Act of 17 December 2012, the provision is inserted under 1 ° bis: "1 ° bis the import of goods when The tax must be indicated in the context of the special regulation referred to in Title XII, Chapter 6, Section 4, of the 2006/112/EC Directive and when, at the latest when submitting the entry return, the individual VAT identification number for the application of the special regulation, of the supplier or of the intermediary acting for his account, which has been granted in accordance with 369OCTodecies of the 2006/112/EC Directive, has been provided to the competent customs office; "Art.12. In Article 50, § 1, first paragraph, of the same Code, replaced by the law of 26 November2009 and last amended by the law of 19 December 2014, the provision under 3 ° is replaced: "3 ° to each not established in Belgium taxpayer who: a) performs in the Acts referred to for which the right to deduct a deduction has arisen and for which he is a debtor of the tax in Belgium under the articles 51 and 52, with the exception of the taxpayer exclusively acts for which they use the special regulation referred to XII , Chapter 6, Section 2 or 4, of the 2006/112/EC; b) Directive) performs acts in another Member State Dan Belgium for which it uses the special regulation referred to in Article 58quater; " 13. In Article 53 of the same Code, replaced by the law of 28 January2004 and last amended by the law of 6 December 2015, the following changes are made: a) Section 1bis is replaced as follows: "§ 1bis. Section 1, first paragraph, 1 °, is not applicable to the taxpayer who performs exclusively actions for which he uses the special regulation referred to in Title XII, Chapter 6, Section 2 or 4, of the 2006/112/EG.PaReekraaf1, first paragraph, 2 ° Directive and 3 °, does not apply to the taxpayer who exclusively acts of action for which he uses a special regulation referred to in Title XII, Chapter 6, Vand de Directive 2006/112/EG. "; B) In paragraph 2, first paragraph, the Determination under 2 ° replaced: "2 ° when it has carried out a delivery of goods referred to in Article 15, §§ 1 or 2, for any natural person who is subject to non-taxable, except when he uses the Special Rulei NG referred to in Title XII, Chapter 6, Section 3, of the 2006/112/EC Directive; ". Art.14In Article 53Quater of the same Code, inserted by the law of 28 December 1992, replaced the law of 26 November 2009 and last amended by the law of 2 May 2019, the following amendments will be made: 1 ° paragraph 1 is supplemented with a member, reading : "Contrary to the first paragraph, the taxpayers referred to in Articles 56bis and 57 may inform their suppliers with their VAT identification issue when they purchase goods in the context of distance-sales of goods entered from third-country areas or third countries, other than excise product, if the threshold of 11 200 euros referred to in Article 25ter, § 1, second paragraph, 2 °, first paragraph, and if they have not exercised the options referred to in Article 25ter, § 1, second paragraph, 2 °, second paragraph. " 2 ° Section 2 is supplemented with a member, reading: "The taxpayers liable not to communicate their VAT identification number to their suppliers if they introduced goods in the framework of distance purchasing of goods from third-country areas or third-party countries, other than excise duties, if they are the threshold of 11 200 euros referred to in Article 25ter, § 1, second paragraph, 2 °, first paragraph, have not exceeded and if they have not exercised the optional rights referred to in Article 25ter, § 1, second paragraph, 2 °, second paragraph. ". In Article 53decies, § 1, of the same Code, inserted by the law of 17 December 2012 and last amended by the law of 11 February 2019, the third paragraph will be replaced as follows: "In abnormality of the first paragraph, the invoicing is subject to the Rules that apply in the Member State where the taxpayer who uses one of the special regulations intended in Title XII, Chapter 6, of the 2006/112/EC Directive, is identified. ". 16. In the same code, an Article 54ter is inserted, reading: "Art. 54ter. Every taxpayer, excluding the VAT units within the meaning of Article 4, § 2, and the members of a VAT unit in the meaning of Article 4, § 2, which, through the use of an electronic interface such as a marketplace, platform, portal or similar plea, facilitating the delivery of goods or the provision of services, a non-taxable person within the community, keeps an accounting in the form of registers in which he records those actions. These registers allow the tax administration of the Member States to be used to check whether the VAT has been applied correctly. Deregisters referred to in the first paragraph must be made available electronically on request the tax administration of the Member States where those actions must be made take place. The data recorded in the registers referred to in the first paragraph must be stored for ten years From the year in which the action took place. The Koning determines the nature of the records to be included in the first paragraph and the way in which those registers must be held. ". 17. In Article 55, § 1, of the same Code, replaced the law of 7 March 2002 and last amended by the Law of 2 May 2019, the following amendments are made: 1 ° In the first paragraph, the words "The special regulation is referred to Article58ter applies "replaced by the words" the special regulations referred to in Articles58ter and 58quinquies apply "; 2 ° between the first and the second paragraph, a member is inserted, reading:" The taxpayer referred to in the first paragraph who uses the special regulation referred to in Article 58quater but in Belgium no taxable acts of the operator than for which the tax is due by the co -contractor pursuant to Article 51, §2, first paragraph, 1 °, 2 °, 5 ° and 6 °, must be taxable to be performed under Dieregreling, by the Minister of Finance or his authorized representative to have a liability representative established in Belgium recognized. ". Art. 18. In Chapter IX of the same Code, the deposit of Section 4, inserted by the law of 19 December 2014, is replaced as follows: "Special arrangements applies to services provided for non-taxpayers, remote sale of goods or certain domestic deliveries of goods" .Art . 19. Article 58bis of the same Code, inserted by the law of 22 April 2003, replaced by the law of 19 December 2014 and amended by the Act of 11 February 2019, will be replaced as follows: "Art. 58bis. For the application of the articles 58ter Up to 58quinquies is understood to mean "declaration": the declaration in which all data is required to determine the amount of the VAT due in each Member State. ".Article 58ter of the same Code, inserted by the law of 19 December 2014 and amended by the Act of 11 February 2019, will be replaced as follows: "Art. 58ter. § 1. For the application of this article is understood under: 1 °" not in the Community established taxpayers ": a taxpayer who does not establish the seat of his business operations on the territory of the Community, nor has a permanent establishment; 2 °" Member State of Identification ": the Member State who prefers the taxable person who is not established in the Community to contact the start of the start of his activity as a taxpayer on the territory of the Community; 3 ° "Member State of Consumption": the Member State where the service is deemed to take place in accordance with Article21bis. § 2. Any not established in the Community taxpayer who provides services for a non-taxable person who is located in a Member State or there are place of residence or his usual has a place, may use this special arrangement. This regulation applies to all services provided in the community. § 3. The person who is not subject to the Community who chooses Belgium as a Member State of Identification, states to the start of his under this special regulation that is an electronic address created by the Minister of Finance or his authorized person. identification data: 1 ° name; 2 ° postal address; 3 ° electronic addresses, including websites; 4 ° where appropriate, the national tax number; 5 ° a statement that he has not established the seat of business operations on the territory of the community or Since an establishment has an establishment. The taxpayer referred to in the first paragraph shares every change with regard to the information referred to in the second paragraph to the electronic address referred to in the first paragraph. § 4. The taxpayer referred to in paragraph 3 is awarded an individual VAT identification number for the application of this special regulation, which is communicated to him by electronic road. § 5. The taxpayer referred to in paragraph 3 communicates the termination of his activity that falls under this special regulation, as well as any change thereof, as a result of which he no longer meets the conditions to make this special use of regulation. The VAT identification of the taxpayer referred to in paragraph 3 when: 1 ° he reports that he no longer performs services that fall under these special regulations; 2 ° it can otherwise be assumed that his special procedures subject to taxable acts have been terminated; 3 ° he no longer the Fulfills conditions to be able to use this special scheme; 4 ° he does not constantly meet the regulations of this special regulation. § 6. The taxable person referred to in paragraph 3 who uses this special regulation must be electronically declared a declaration in for each calendar quarter, regardless of whether or not to be with this special regulation. The taxpayer must, drawn up in Euro, in Euro, in the no later than the end of the month following the expiry of each calendar quarter. This declaration contains the VAT identification number for the application of the special regulation and, for each Member State of consumption where VAT is degraded, dis, The total amount, the VAT not included, of the services that fall under this special scheme were performed during the period to which the declaration relates, as well as the total amount of the VAT, broken down for tax rates. The applicable VAT rates and the total guilt VAT are also stated on the declaration. When an already submitted declaration must be changed behind, those changes will be included in a subsequent declaration, outward year after the date on which the original declaration had to be submitted in accordance with the first member. In that subsequent declaration, the Member State of Consumption, the Tax Department and the VAT amount that is required for changes are stated. submitted. § 7. The taxpayer referred to in paragraph 3 carries an accounting in the form of a register of all actions to which this special regulation applies. This register includes sufficient data to enable the tax authorities of the Member State of consumption to determine the accuracy of the declarationThe data included The accounting referred to in the first paragraph must be made available electronically on each request from the administration officials charged with the tax on the added value also on that of the officials of the competent administration of the Member State of Consumption. are kept for ten years after the end of the year in which the service was performed.§ 8. The taxpayer referred to in paragraph 3 may not deduct the tax of the services and services provided to him that are related to his services that are covered by these regulations do not deduct In the declaration referred to in paragraph 6. However, he may recover that tax by way of return in accordance with Article 76, § 2. When a taxpayer who makes use of this special regulation is not obliged to be identified in Bubelgia for activities that do not fall under this special regulation and for which corresponding corresponding Article 50, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, a), must be identified, he may destroy the decisive of the goods and services provided to him that are related to its under these regulations deduct the declaration that must be submitted in accordance with article 53, § 1, first paragraph, 2 °. The taxable dedication that is not established in the Community uses this special regulation but that does not choose Belgium as Member State of identification and not in accordance with Article 50, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, a), must be identified in Belgium for acts that are not under this special regulation The Belgian tax may fall from the goods delivered to him and services provided with its provisional services that are covered by this regulation by way of recovering in accordance with Article 76, § 2. §9. The king determines the formalities to be complied with with regard to the declaration of the actions performed, the payment of the tax due, keeping an appropriate accounting and the refund of the input tax. ". Art. 21. In section 4 of Chapter IX of The same Code is replaced by subsection 3, inserted by the law of 19 December 2014, as follows: "Special arrangement for intra -Community distance purchases of goods, for deliveries of goods within one -member state by electronic interfaces that facilitate those deliveries and for services performed through the community but taxpayers not established in the Member State of consumption ".Art.22. Article 58quater of the same Code, inserted by the law of 19 December 2014 and amended by the law of 11 February 2009, will be replaced as follows:" Art. 58Quater. § 1. For the application of this article, it is understood to mean: 1 ° "not in the Member State of consumption taxpayer": a taxpayer who has established the seat of his business operations or a permanent establishment in the community, but who in the Member State of consumption nor the seat of his business operations, nor has a permanent establishment; 2 ° "Member State of Identification": a) When the taxpayer is established seat of business operations or a single permanent establishment in the community: the Member State where the taxpayer has established the seat of his business operation or, if he has not established the seat of his business operations in the community, the Member State where he has a permanent establishment; b) When the taxpayer has established his seat of business exercise in the community but has more than one permanent establishment: the Member State of which there is a permanent establishment to which that taxpayer me LDT that he makes this special regulation use. The taxpayer is bound by this choice during the relevant calendar year and the two subsequent claim years; c) When a taxpayer has established the seat of his business operating practice a permanent establishment in the community and there is only one Member State where the shipment or the transport of the goods starts: the Member State where the shipment or transport of the goods are; d) When a taxpayer has neither established nor the seat of his business operations nor permanent establishment in the Community and there is more than one Member State where the shipment or the goods begins: the Member State where the shipment or transport of goods starts what that taxpayer reports that he is using this special regulationThe taxpayer is bound by this choice during the relevant calendar year and the two subsequent calendar years; 3 ° "Member State of consumption": a) in the case of the operation of a service: the Member State Value Service in accordance with Article 21bis is deemed to take place; b ) In the case of an incoming -reunary distance sale of goods: the Member State of arrival of the shipment or transport of the goods to the Customer; c) in the event of the delivery of goods by a taxpayer dedication, this delivery facilitates this delivery in accordance with Article 13bis, § 2, if The shipment or transport of the delivered goods in the same Member State starts and ends: this Member State. § 2. Make use of this special regulation: 1 ° a taxpayer who carries out the intra -Community distance sales of goods; 2 ° a taxpayer who facilitates the delivery of goods in accordance with Article 13bis, § 2, if the shipment or transport of the leverage starts in the same Member State and starts and starts ends; 3 ° a taxable person who is not subject to a non-taxable person in the Member State of consumption of consumption. This special regulations apply to all the goods provided in the Community in the Community concerned. § 3. The taxpayer referred to in paragraph 2 who uses this special regulation with Belgium as a Member State of Identification, states from the beginning of its economic activity at the electronic address that the Minister of Finance or his authorized representative has been created there. § 4. For the taxable actions that he performs in the context of this special regulation, the use of his VAT identification number assigned to him in accordance with section 50, § 1, first paragraph, 1 ° or 3 ° makes the use of his VAT identification number. § 5. The taxpayable tape referred to in paragraph 3 at the electronic address referred to in paragraph 3 of the time of the termination of its activity under this special regulation, as well as any amendment thereby, so that it no longer meets the conditions for use this special regulation may be allowed to make the taxpayer referred to in paragraph3 is excluded from this special regulation if: 1 ° weighs that he no longer performs deliveries of goods nor services that can otherwise be assumed to be terminated under these special regulations; 2 ° his; 3 ° he no longer fulfills the conditions to be able to make use of these special regulations; 4 ° he does not constantly comply with the regulations of this special regulation. § 6. The taxpayer referred to in paragraph 3 submits an electronic road electronically for each calendar quarter, regardless of whether or not deliveries of goods and services have been performed that fall under this special regulation. The taxpayer declaration drawn up in Euro, in the latest before the end of the month following the expiry of the tax period to which it relates. The declaration contains the VAT identification numbering, for each Member State of consumption where the VAT is due, the total amount , excluding VAT, Detail VAT rates, the total amount of the corresponding VAT, broken down to tax rates, and the total VAT due for the following deliveries and services that fall under this special scheme during the tax period: 1 ° the intra-Community distance of goods that take place in the Member State of arrival of the shipment or transport of the goods; 2 ° the deliveries of goods referred to in Article 13bis, § 2, when the shipment or transport of those goods starts and ends in the same Member State; 3 ° the services performs for non-taxpayers, with the exception of those services that plate in a Member State where the service provider is established. goods are sent by the taxpayer referred to in paragraph 3 or transported from other people than Belgium, the declaration also contains the total amount excluding VAT, the applicable VAT rates, the total amount of the corresponding VAT, broken down into tax rates, and the total degradation of the following deliveries that fall under this special regulation, for each Member State from which goods have been sent or transported: 1 ° the intra -Community distance sales of goods other than those performed by a taxpayer in accordance with Article 13bis, § 2 ; 2 ° the deliveries of goods referred to in the second paragraph, 2 °, and the intra -Community distance sales, performed by a taxpayer in accordance with Article 13bis, § 2With regard to the deliveries referred to in the second paragraph, 1 °, the declaration also contains the individual VAT identification number or the tax registration number that has been transported by each of those Member States from which such goods are sent. °, the deliveries referred to the declaration also the individual VAT identification number or the tax registration number that is transmitted by those Member States from which such goods are sent, if available. taxable provisions that fall under this special regulation has one or more other-proof establishments than those in the Member State of Identification, from which the services are performed, the VAT return also contains, per Member State where he has established a permanent establishment and split Member State of consumption, the total amount excluding Usief VAT, the applicable VAT rates, the total amount of the corresponding VAT, broken down into tax rates, and the total tax over those services, as well as the individual VAT identification number or the tax registration number of the establishment. , these changes are included in a subsequent declaration no later than three years after the date on which the original declaration had to be submitted in accordance with the first paragraph. In that subsequent declaration, the relevant member state of consumption, the tax period and the VAT amount for which changes are required. The taxpayer referred to the VAT, with reference to the relevant declaration, is at the latest when the period within which the declaration must be submitted.§ 7. The taxpayer referred to in paragraph 3 carries an accounting in the form of a register of all under these special regulatory acts. That register includes sufficient data sum the tax authorities of the Member State of consumption to enable the accuracy of the declaration. The data included in the accounting referred to in the first paragraph must be made available at every request of the administration tax officials with The value of the added value as well as that of the officials of the competent administration of the Member State of consumption. These data must be stored for ten years after the end of the year in which the action was performed. § 8. The tax dedication referred to in paragraph 3 uses this regulation may not deduct the tax of the goods delivered to him and the provisions issued by this regulation do not deduct the declaration referred to in the section 6. However, he may recover that tax by way of refund in accordance with article 76, § 2. When a taxpayer not established in Belgium who uses this special regulation in Belgium also performs acts that are not under these special regulations and for which it is in accordance with Article 50, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, a), must be identified and obliged to submit the declaration referred to in Article 53, § 1, first paragraph, 2 °, he may be charged of the goods and services provided to it that are related to him The acts that fall under this special regulation deduct the declaration that he has indeed in accordance with Article 53, § 1, first paragraph, 2 °. The person who is not subject to taxes in Belgium who uses this special regulation but who does not choose Belgium as a Member State of Identification and who must not be gone in accordance with Article 50, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, a) for acts that are not under this special regulation may fall, the Belgian tax may be charged of the goods and services provided to him that are related to its under these regulations recover by way of refund in accordance with Article 76, § 2. § 9. The King determines the formalities to be complied with the declaration of the acts performed, the payment of the tax due, keeping a suitable accounting and the refund of the input tax. ". Art. 23. In section 4 of the Chapix of the same Code, inserted by the law of 19 December 2014, A subdivision 4 inserted, "special regulation applicable to distance sales of from Derdelandsgeb IIDEN or Derdelanden entered goods ".Art. 24. In Subsection 4, inserted by Article 23, an article 58quinquies is inserted, reading: "Art. 58quinquies. § 1For the application Vandit article, remote sales of goods entered from third -country areas or third countries excluded relevant on goods, with the exception of excise products, in shipments with an intrinsic value of no more than 150 euros. For the application of this article, is understood by: 1 ° "Taxable not established in the Community": a taxpayer who has not established the seat of his business operations on the territory of the Community nor has a fixed direction there; 2 ° "intermediary": a person established in the community who by the taxpayer that distance sales of Freightings introduced from third -country areas or third countries is designated as the person obliged to satisfy the VAT and who must fulfill the obligations set in this special regulation in this special regulation; 3 ° "Member State of Identification": a) When the taxpayer is not The community is established: the Member State where he prefers to register; b) If the taxpayer has not established the seat of his business operations in the community but has one or more permanent establishments there: the Member State with a permanent establishment where the taxpayer reports that he will make use of this special settlement; c) When the taxpayer has established the seat of his business operations in a Member State: this Member State; d) When the intermediary has established the seat of his business operations in a Member State: this Member State; e) when the intermediary seat has not established his business operations in the community, but there has one or more resistant establishments: the Member State with a permanent establishment where the intermediary reports that he will make use of Vandeze special scheme. For the application of points B) and e) deployment person or the intermediary, when he is more than one permanent establishment The community, bound by its decision on the designation of the Member State of identification during the relevant calendar year and the two following years.4 ° Member State of Consumption ": the Member State of arrival of the shipment or transport of the goods to the customer. § 2. Making use of this special regulation: 1 ° any tax deductions established in the Community of goods or third countries carried out from third -country areas or third countries; 2 ° any taxpayer, whether or not established in the Community, who carried out distance purchases of goods or third countries entered and who represented by an intermediary established in the Community; 3 ° any taxpayer established in a third country of which Union has concluded an agreement on mutual assistance, the scope of which is comparable to the 2010/24/EU Directive of 16 March 2010 concerning the mutual assistance in the collection of claims arising from taxes, rights and other measures Regulation (EU) No 904/2010 of 7 October 2010 on administrative collaborations the combating of fraud in the field of the tax on the added value, and that remote -sale of goods from that third country. The taxpayers passes referred to in the first paragraph to this special regulation on all their distance purchases of goods or third -country goods from third -country areas. For the application of the first paragraph, 2 °, a taxpayer can be highlighted Indicate one intermediary at the same time. § 3. The tax dedication referred to in paragraph 2 uses this special regulation and chooses Belgium as a Member State of Identification, or an intermediary acting for his account, indicates the start of his economic activity falling under this special scheme at the electronic address that for this purpose Minister VanFinanciën or his authorized representative was created before he uses this special regulation. The statement of the taxpayer who does not appeal to an intermediary contains the following identification data: 1 ° name; 2 ° postal address; 3 ° electronic address and websites 4 ° the VAT identification number or the national tax number. The declaration referred to the intermediary referred to the following additional information with regard to himself: 1 ° name; 2 ° Postal address; 3 ° electronic address; 4 ° the VAT identification number. The declaration of the intermediary referred to in the first paragraph contains the following identification data for each taxpayer he represents: 1 ° name; 2 ° postal address; 3 ° electronic address and websites; 4 ° the VAT identification number or the national tax number; 5 ° the individual VAT identification number assigned to the intermediary in accordance with paragraph 4Any taxpayer referred to in the first paragraph, where appropriate, his intermediary, informs the electronic address referred to in the first paragraph with regard to the identification data referred to in the first paragraph to the Derdelid. § 4. The taxpayer referred to in paragraph 3, first paragraph, an individual VAT identification number is granted for the application of this special regulation. Acid to paragraph 3, first paragraph, an individual identification number is granted for the application of this special regulation The. The intermediary number is also assigned to the intermediary number referred to in paragraph 3, first paragraph, for the Vandeze Special Regulation with regard to every taxpayer for which he has been appointed. Those involved are communicated and are used exclusively for the application of these special regulations. § 5. The taxpayer or his intermediary referred to in paragraph 3, first paragraph, shares the termination of his activity that falls under this special regulation electronically, as well as any amendment, so that it no longer uses the conditions for this special regulation may experience. The VAT identification of the taxpayer referred to in the first paragraph who does not use an intermediary is canceled: 1 ° he reports that he no longer had a distance purchases of goods or third-party goods entered from third-country areas; 2 ° can otherwise be assumed that his taxable activities concerning goods areas or third countries entered from third-country areas have been terminated; 3 ° he no longer met the conditions to make this special regulation used; 4 ° he continues to comply with the regulations of this special arrangement. The VAT identification of The in the first Member of the intermediary is canceled: 1 ° for two consecutive calendar quartals, he has not acted as an intermediary for a taxpayer who uses this special regulation; 2 ° he no longer performs the other conditions to be able to act as an intermediary; 3 ° he is not constantly continuing to constantly complies with the regulations of the special regulation. The VAT identification of the taxpayer referred to in the first paragraph to use an intermediary is canceled: 1 ° the intermediary The Member State of identification informs that this taxpayer it can otherwise be assumed; 2 ° it can be assumed that the taxable activities of this taxpayer regard to goods or third countries entered from third -country areas or third countries are terminated; 3 ° the taxpayer no longer fulfills the conditions for Van D the special regulation to be used; 4 ° the taxpayer in continuation does not constantly comply with the provisions of the special scheme; 5 ° the intermediary the Member State of identification informs that he represents this taxpayers for longer. § 6. The taxpayer or his intermediary referred to in paragraph 3, first paragraph, submits a declaration electronically for each month, regardless of whether the goods or third countries entered from third -country areas or third countries have been made. The taxpayer must be drawn up that declaration, drawn up In Euro, in the latest before the end of the monthly following to the expiry of the tax period to which the declaration relates. This declaration contains the VAT identification number referred to in paragraph 4 and, for each Member State of consumption where the VAT is due, the total amount, the VAT not included, from the distance sales of Uitderdeland areas or third countries entered goods for which VAT became due during the tax period, and the total amount of the tax on this, broken down into tax rates. The applicable VAT rates and the total tax due are also stated on the declaration. When declaration already submitted must be changed afterwards, those changes will be included in a subsequent declaration, no later than three years after the date on which the original declaration had to be submitted the first paragraph. In that subsequent declaration, the Member State of Consumption, the Tax period and the VAT amount for which changes are required are stated. of the period within which the declaration must be served. § 7The taxpayer referred to in paragraph 3, first paragraph, conducts Vanalle under this special regulation, a accounting in the form of a register. The intermediary referred to in paragraph 3, first paragraph, for all taxpayers represented by him, such accounting. This register includes sufficient data to enable the tax authorities of Delid State of consumption to determine the accuracy of the declaration. The data recorded in the accounting referred to in the first paragraph must be made available electronically at any request of the administration officials With the tax on the added value as well as that of the officials of the competent administration of the Member State of Consumer. This must be stored for ten years after the end of the year in which the action was performed.§ 8. The in paragraph 3, first paragraph , the taxpayer referred to, the tax of the goods delivered to him and services provided to him may not deduct the declaration referred to in paragraph 6 under this regulation. However, he may recover that tax in the event of a refund in accordance with Article 76, § 2. When a taxable dental dental of this special regulation uses in Belgium also performs acts that do not fall under these special regulations and for which it is in accordance with Article 50, § 1, first paragraph, 3 ° , a), must be identified, he may be charged with the goods delivered to him and provided services related to the actions that fall under this special regulation deduct the declaration that it submits in accordance with Article 53, § 1, first paragraph , 2 °. Uses the taxpayable dedication of this special regulation but does not choose Belgium as a Member State of identification and not in accordance with Article 50, § 1, first paragraph, 3 °, a), in Belgium must be identified for actions that do not fall under this special regulation, the may Belgian tax levied from the goods and services provided to him that are related to its recovering under these regulatory services as a refund in accordance with Article 76, § 2.§ 9. The King determines the formalities to be complied with with regard to the declaration of the acts performed, the payment of the tax due, keeping an appropriate accounting and refund of the input tax. ". Art. 25. In Chapter IX of the same Code, one -department 5 is inserted, reading" Special regulation for the declaration and payment of the VAT at Invoer ".Art.26. In section 5, inserted by Article 24, an Article 58sexies is inserted, loudly NDE: "Art.58Sexies. § 1. If for the entry of goods other than excise products, in shipments, intrinsic value of no more than 150 euros no use is made of the special regulation intention in Article 58quinquies, the person who is for the person for whom the goods are intended can the goods to the general administration of customs and excise duties, using the special regulation for the tax return and payment of the tax referred to in this department with regard to goods for which the shipment or transport in Belgium is terminated, in accordance with the conditions that apply For postponing payment of customs duties in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 952/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 9 October 2013, the Union's Detwouane Code. § 2. For the purposes of this special regulation, this applies: 1 ° The person for whom the goods are intended, debtor is owed of the tax at the entry; 2 ° the person who brings the goods to the general administration of customs and excise duties, the tax Int with the person for whom the goods are intended, and who tax -compliantly paragraph 3. § 3. § 3. The person who applies the goods to the General Administration Man and excise duties, includes the tax that is due in accordance with this special settlement in a monthly tax return In the latest, the fourteen day of the month following the month on which it relates. The declaration states the total amount of the tax that has been collected in the relevant calendar month. The person in the first member of the person contains the total amount of the tax included in that return at the latest on the sixteenth day of the month following the month on which they relate has. § 4DEMENERS who use this special regulation keep an accounting of all under these special regulatory acts in the form of a register with sufficient data to enable the administration charged with the value added value to assess the correctness of the tax indicated. On request, that register must be made available electronically to the administration charged with the value added tax. §5. The king determines the formalities to be complied with with regard to the declaration of the actions performed, the payment of the tax due, the keeping and the presentation of appropriate accounting the refund of the input tax. ". Art. 27. This law enters Operation on July 1, 2021. Definitely, order that it will be held with the country's seal and will be announced by the Belgian Official Gazette. Given in Brussels, 2 April 2021.filip van Koningsweight: the Minister of Finance, v. Van Peteghemmet ' s Lands seal sealed: Deminister of Justice, v. Van Quickenborne ________cillary (1) Chamber of people's representatives (www.dekamer.be) Pieces: K55-1820integral report: 25 March 2021.