Publication: 2021-12-01Numac: 2021033994Federal Public Service Policy and Support 21 November 2021.-Royal Decree containing ninth distribution of the provisional credit registered in the program 06-90-1 of the Act of 22 December 2020 containing the general expenditure budget for the budget year 2021 and intended to cover the expenditures concerning the strengthening of the measures taken as well as the new initiatives on the fight against the COVID-19Filip, Kinger Belgians, to all who are now and will be here, our greeting to the Act of 22 December 2020 the general expenditure budget for the financial year 2021, amended by the law of 2 April 2021, the law of 28 April 2021 and the law of 27 June 2021, Article 2.06.2; in view of the advice of the Finance Inspector, given on November 18 2021; Whereas the program 06-90-1 of the Law of 22 December 2020 on the general expenditure budget for the financial year 2021 a provisional recording credit and a provisional liquidation credit of 906,850,000 euros is registered, intended for covering the expenditure on the reinforcement of the measures taken as well as the new initiatives on the fight against the COVID 19 virus; predominant in sections 02 - FOD Chancellery of the first time Minister; 06 - FPS policy and support; 12 -fod justice; 13 - FPS Home Affairs; 24 - FPS Social Security; 33 - FPS Mobility and Transport; 44 - POD Social Integration, Poverty Control and Social Economy and 46 - POD Science Policy of the Law of 22 December 2020 containing the general expenditure budget for the financial year 2021 GeenKelkel Krediet has been allocated to cover the expenses in connection with the fight We decided against the Coronaviruscovid-19; On the nomination of the State Secretary for Budget, we decided: Article 1. A recording credit of 81,604,826 euros and a liquidation credit of 79,604,826 euros are purchased from the provisional credit, registered on the program 06 -90-1 (basic allocation 90.10.01.00.05) of the law of 22 December 2020 containing the general expenditure budget for the financial year 2021, and is divided in accordance with the attached table. and basic allocations are pulled out for the financial year 2021.Art. 2. This decision comes into effect the day where the in the Belgian Official Gazette is announced.art. 3. The State Secretary for Budget for Budget is responsible for the implementation of this Decree in Brussels, 21 November2021.filip van Koningsweight: the State Secretary for Budget, etc. Before consulting the table, see imagePublication: 2021-12-08numac: 2021034193federal Public Service Home Affairs 19 November 2021.-Royal Decree on the Royal Decree of 28 October 2021 containing the necessary measures for the consequences for the public health of the COVIDID Coronavian -19 Pandemie to prevent or limit it. - German translation The following text is the German translation of the Konzinklijk Decree of 19 November 2021 amending the Royal Decree of 28 October2021 containing the necessary measures for administrative police in order to do the consequences for the public health of the announced epidemic emergency situation concerning the Coronavirus COVID-19-- to prevent Pandemie to prevent it (Belgian Official Gazette of 19 November 2021). This translation was drawn up by the Central Service for German translation in Malmedy.Föderaler Öffentlicherdienst Inneres19. November 2021 - Königlicher Erlass Zur Abänderung des Königlichen Erlassesvom 28. October 2021 über Die Verwaltungsilichen Maßnahmen, die Erforderlich Sind, Um Dieferolgen of the Ausgerughen EpidiFaRusage in Bezugufsation of NOTSUNIUMRUSIUTIATION Alligenwartigen und Zukunftigen, Unser Gruß! Aufgrund des Gesetzes vom 14. August 2021 überverwaltungspolizeiliche Maßnahmen in Einer Epidemischen Notsitation, of the Article 4 § 1absatz 1, 5. End 6; AufigintigiGir des GetäbigintigiCtigiGir's Bestäbigintiges. October 2021 Zur Ausruferung der Epidemischen NOTSITATION IN BEEZUG AUF DEPANDAME OF CORONAVIRUS COVID-49; AUFGRUND des Königlichen Erlasses Vom 28. October 2021 ZurausruFung der Epidemischen NOTSITUATION in October 20, AUFDEMEMENTES ERONIGRIRUSRUSIRUNIRUSTE ERONCIRUNIRUSTES ERIONLICRUSIRUSEN ERIONLICRUSIRUSEN'S ERIONLICRUSIRUNIRUSIRUNIRUSTEMENS ERIONLICURUSRUNIRUSIRUNIRUSIRUNIRUSIRUNIRUSIRUNIRUSEN'S BINONVIRURURUS. that Verwaltungspolizeilichen Maßnahm and, dieforderlich sind, um that folgen of ausgerufenen epidemic nonsitution in Bezug auf that pandemiedes Coronavirus Covid-19 für die Volksgesundheit zu eninirable einzuschränken; Aufgrundder Konzertierung vom 2021, who was 2 2021, Vom, Vom, Vom, Vom, Vom, Vom, 2021, Vom, Vom, 2021, Vom, 2021. August2021 über Verwaltungspolizeiliche Maßnahmen in Einer Epidemischen NOTSITATION ERWähnt; Aufgrundder Konzertierung Vom 17. November 2021 IMzertierungsusSchuss; Aufgrund der Befreiung Vonder Auswirkungsanalysis, who in Article 8 § no. 1 des Gesetzes vom 15. Dezember 2013 zur Festlegungverschiedener Bestimmungen in Sachen administrative Vereinfachung erwähnt ist;Aufgrund derStellungnahme des Finanzinspektors vom 18. November 2021;Aufgrund des Einverständnisses desStaatssekretärs für Haushalt vom 18. November 2021;Aufgrund der am 19. November 2021 abgegebenenStellungnahme der Minister , that im rat darüber beraten haben; aufgrund der am 12. January 1973 cordine tines setszetze über den Staatrat, the articles 3 § 1 Absatz 1; aufgrund der Dringlichkeit; in eaglich, dass ings nicht möglich Istbungsbungtung of the Gutachtenbungsbungtung of the Gutachtenbungsbung von Fünf Werkagen (who AUF AUG WORK AUSGEWEITET WE KANN, Wenn der Begutachtungsantragder Generalversammlung Vorgegt Wird, was in the praxis eine Etwa Zwei Wochen Bedroetet) Abzuwarten, Intenbesischmen Sich Aufgretkeit Stützen, Wobe I die jüngsten ergebnisse that auf der Sitzung des KonzertierungsususSchussesvom 17. November 2021 Beschlossen and maßnahmen Kestigtigt Haben; Dass that in Article 2 nr. 3des Gesetzes vom 14. August 2021 über Verwaltungspolizeiliche Maßnahmen in Einer Epidemischen NOTSITUATIONERWERähnten Bedingungen Erfüllt sind und daher that epidemic Notsitation Ausgerufen are becoming; Dassdie Maßnahmen im Vorliegenden Königlichen Erlass Ergriffen became Müssen, Um der Ungünstigen Epidemiologischitation, who are hurt, Entgegen zu Wirken; Dass that im Voorerwähnten KonzertierungsusSchusschusschussen -Bongelossenen and Maßnahmen ein Zusammenhänendes Ganzes Bilden; Dass die Maßnahmen Bereits am20. November 2021 in Kraft Treten; in Erwägung of the Europäischen Konvention Zum Schutz der Mensenrechteugd Grundfreiheiten, of the articles 2, of the Das Recht Auf leben Schützt; in Erwägung of the Verdagsüber that Arbeitsweise of the Demämen union, of the Voor voor Vorander Bewältigung Einer Internationalen Gesundheitskrise und der Aktiven Vorbereitung Auf Einen Möglichenkrisenfall anchores ist; Dass Dieses Prinzip Voraussetzt, Dass Die Öffentlichen Bei Der Feststellung, Dass Ein Ernst Risiko Höchstwahrscheinlich Eintreten Wird, Urgte Und Vorläufige Schutzmaßnahs Müssen; Dere) der Beche's eagungbe vägunge vägungbe desabe vägunge des dägunge des vägunge des vägunge des dägunge des vägunge desabe vägunge vägunge vägunge vägunge vägunge vägunge vägunge vägunge vägunge vägunge vägungabe des Parlaments und des Rates vom 27April 2016 on the protection of natural personal data on the processing of personal data, for free data traffic and the cancellation of Directive 95/46/EC; in consideration of the constitution, Article 23; in consideration of the recommendation (EU) 2020/1475 of the Council of October 13, 2020 for a coordinated procedure in the restriction of free movement due to the Covid-19 pandemic; in consideration of the recommendation (EU) 2020/912 of the Council of June 30, 2020 for temporary restriction to the EU and diligent cancellation of this restriction; the Regulation (EU) 2021/953 of the European Parliament and the Council of June 14, 2021 on a framework for the exhibition, review and recognition interior opera for the certificate of COVID-19 vaccinations and tests as well as the recovery of a covid-19 infection ( Digital Covid certificate of the EU) with the aim of facilitating the free movement of the free movement during the Covid 19 pandemic; in consideration of the vero Rding (EU) 2021/954 of the European Parliament and the Council of June 14, 2021 on a framework for the exhibition, review and recognition interior opera certificates for the certificate of COVID-19 vaccinations and tests as well as the recovery of a covid-19 infection (digital COVID certificate of the EU) for third-country nationals with a legal stay or residence in the territory of the Member States during the Covid 19 pandemic; inner weighing of the cooperation agreement of August 25, 2020 between the federal state, the Flemish region, the German-speaking community and the common Community commission Realing to the joint processing of data by sciensano and the contact centers determined by the responsible federation areas or by the responsible agencies, health inspection service and mobile teams as part of a contact determination at (probably) with the coronavirus covid-19 infected persons on the grun database of a database near Sciensano; in the consideration of the law of 9 October2020 to the approval of the above work agreement of August 25, 2020; in consideration of the collaboration agreement of March 24, 2021 between the federal state, the Flemish region, the Walloons, the German -speaking community and the Common community commission about the transmission of necessary data to the federated sub -areas, the local authorities or the police services for enforcing the obligated quarantine or the committed tests of travelers from foreign countries, which are subject to an obligated quarantine or examination on their arrival in Belgium; 2021 to approved the above work agreement of March 24, 2021; in consideration of the collaboration agreement of May 31, 2021 between the federal state, the Flemish community, the German -speaking community, the Walloon region and the common Unschaft Commission on Special Processes of Personal Data for the Recording and Search of Cluster and Personal Communities, to enforce the quarantine and test duty to monitor measures to contain the spread of the Coronaviruscovide-19 at work by the responsible social inspectors; in consideration of the law of20. June 2021 for the approval of the above work agreement of May 31, 2021; in consideration of the collaboration agreement of July 14, 2021 between the federal state, the Flemish community, the French community, the German -speaking community, the joint community commission, the Walloons region and the French Commission Processing of data in connection with the digital EU-Covid certificate, the Covid Safe Ticket, the PLF and the processing personnel-related data from wage recipients and self-employed who perform life or living and inbelgium activities; in consideration of the law of July 20, 2021 Approval of the pre -born work agreement of July 14, 2021; in the consideration of the royal decree of January 312003 to determine the emergency plan for crisis events and crisis situations that require a coordination or a national level; in consideration of the royal decree S from22. May 2019 on the emergency planning planning and the coping of emergency situations in local and provincial levels and the role of the mayors and provincial governors in crisis events and in crisis situations that require coordination or coping with the national level;March 2020 to trigger the federal phase with regard to the coordination and crisis management in relation to the Coronavirus Covid-19; in consideration of the protocols, which are determined by the responsible ministers in concerting with the relevant sectors; of Coronavirus Covid-19, especially the high transferability and the death disease; in consideration of the qualification of the Coronavirus Covid-19 as a pandemic on March 11, 2020 of the WHO; in consideration that the WHO on March 16, 2020 Relation to the Coronavirus Covid-19 called out, which destabilizes the global economy and spreads quickly in the world; in consideration of the introductory speech by the WHO general director of October 12, 2020, in which it made it clear that the virus mainly transfers between tight contacts becomes and to break out of the epidemic, which through the implementation of targeted measures e could be in contemplated; in consideration of the general director of the WHO Europe of October 15, 2020, in which he particularly pointed out that the transfer and the transmission sources in the houses, closed public locations and in people who do not follow the self -protection measures correctly, take place correctly or can be found; in consideration of the explanation of the General Director of the WHO Europe of April 29 ,2021, in which it is pointed out that the dominant factors that determine the development of the pandemic are still the dominant health. must be aware that vaccines alone do not end pandemic; that it is a combination of vaccines and energetic health measures that reject the clearest path back to normality; in consideration of the explanation of the general director of the WHO Europa of July 1, 2021, in which it is emphasized that due to the occurrence of new variants - In particular, worrying delta variant -, an still inadequate vaccination and the increasingly traveler travel there is a risk of a new wave of infection in the European region; that the responsibility of the citizens, vacationers and travelers is therefore appealed, in particular with regard to the need to be vaccinated; in consideration of the explanation of the general director of the WHO Europa from a August 30, 2021, in which it is emphasized that the existence of the infectious delta is emphasized Variant, the loosening hygiene measures and the increase in trips to an increase in the number of infections; that this goes with increasing pressure on hospitals and an increase in the number of deaths; It is therefore important to maintain the various protective measures, especially vaccinations and masks; in consideration of the explanation of the General Director WHO Europe of November 4, 2021, in which it is pointed out that Europe is again the epicenter of Derpandemie and the observed rapid number of cases ever According to regions, declaring itself through an inadequate coverage and the relaxation of health and social measures; in consideration of the high health council of 9 July 2020; in consideration of the assessment of the Derepidemiological situation of the RAG of November 10, 2021; 19-management strategy (GEMS) of October 20 and 24, 2021 and November 14, 2021, also in Article 4 of the Act of August 14, 2021 on administrative police measures in an epidemic emergency situation; that this expert opinion is l were used to see which measures must be taken and why; that in these reports of service, appropriateness and proportionality of the measures listed in the present royal decree; that the essential elements of these reports are included in their basic features in the following reasons; and on the reports of the GEMS from October 20 and 24, 2021; inner weighing of the opinion of the Minister of People's Health of October 27, 2021; Epidemic emergency situation in accordance with the criteria of the Pandemiebesetz; inner weighing of the epidemiological report of Sciensano on November 18, 2021; in the consideration that the daily average of the established new infections with the Coronavirus Covid-19 in Belgium have increased significantly over the past seven days. Cases on November 14, 2021; in the consideration that on 17November 2021 a total of 2 809 Covid 19 patients were treated in Belgian hospitals; that a total of 568 patients were in intensive care units on the same day; and consideration that the incidence on November 14, 2021 in 14-day agent is 1 139 per 100,000 inhabitants; that the reproductive rate, based on the number of new hospital admissions, is 1.116 ; In the consideration that this increasing pressure on the hospitals and the continuity of the care, which is not related to Covid-19, makes a transition to phase 1b of the hospital emergency planned planned from November 19, 2021; in the consideration that the long duration of the pandemic Due to the Mangelsan nursing staff, also impact on the number of beds available on the intensive care unit; in the consideration that the vaccination rate of the total population is 74.9 % on November 16, 2021 and that 12 % of the population in question for a vaccination is neither entirely nor have been partially fed up; the resulting urgency; in the consideration that the Coronaviruscovid-19 triggers an infectious disease that usually affects the lungs and airways; that the Coronaviruscovid-19 is transferred from person to person via the air path; that the transfer of the disease apparently all possible distribution types through the mouth and nose; in the consideration that present decree contains three types of measures, namely urgent recommendations without criminal sanctions, minimum rules that must be observed at different locations or in various activity sectors (or prevention measures,, the companies in question, each relevant association or the service relating to each affected), and certain compulsory measures, which, however, are necessary in a few areas; in the consideration that the hygiene measures remain essential, for example the special attention of the hygiene measures in sneezing and coughing, hand hygiene and disinfection of the material used; in consideration that with regard to compliance with health recommendations and social distancing, the sense of responsibility and solidarity of every citizen is still appealed; that the rules of social distancing affect a distance of 1.5 m between the persons; in the consideration that it is recommended to restrict social contacts to a minimum; is no longer sufficient to reduce the number of infections in the workplace; that home office in particular enables the number of contacts to limit and to reduce the number of people who use public transport at peak times and thus prevent them from being able to adhere to the rules of social distancing; that home office is therefore compulsory in all companies, associations and services of equal size, for all personnel members whose function is suitable for this; However, it is important that the employees maintain a connection to their work environment; that it is also important that the continuity of business activity and competitiveness can be maintained as much as possible; that the employer is therefore allowed to organize a number of return times; in the consideration that wearing a maskine plays an important role in the containment of the spread of the virus and the protection of the health of people certain institutions and at certain risk activity; that wearing a masked masker in certain facilities and in certain activities is mandatory; that wearing a masking in all situations in which the rules of social distancing cannot be observed is also recommended, except for the expressly intended exceptions; in the consideration that the necessary measures are taken to avoid closure of the discos and dance bars can and the activities in question can take place as safely as possible; that the access will continue toJuly 2021 will be organized and that a mask must also be worn from now on, since the distribution of aerosols can be particularly high due to the type of activities that take place there and the rules of the social distancing needle are seriously adhered to; However, the fact that the mask requirement in these facilities does not apply if the access is organized using certified negative self -tests as soon as there is a change in the same version, as this allows the risk of infection; that it is justified in this regard that discos and dance restaurants fall under a particular framework; that it is also a regular activity, which means that this method can be used consistently; in consideration that for the same reason it is necessary to tighten the health measures in Horeca companies; that the customers of these institutions have to wear a mask, except if they are sitting, both with private gatherings, even with publicly accessible events; that this measure can avoid that Horeca companies have to be closed again; that access to these institutions must also be organized by the work on July 14, 2021 on the basis of the decrees or the decree of the ordonnance issued, both in private meetings, even with publicly accessible events; in the consideration that from the report for which November 14, 2021 is also evident that the incidence on the entire Belgian national territory is highest children between the ages of 7 and 12; that the reduction in age is therefore justified for 10 years and can be prevented from taking restrictive measures; that, on the other hand, the well -being and the development of younger children must be taken into account and for this reason the age limit was determined to 10 years; must be subject to maintain the basic rights to maintain the life and health of the population; that outdoor activities are always preferred; that, on the contrary, the rooms have to be ventilated and ventilated sufficiently; in the consideration that as a result of the deterioration of the epidemic situation, the maximum limits for the organization of private gatherings on 50 people inside and 100 people outdoors; However, the fact that these numbers can be exceeded on the condition that the people present wear a mask, even if they dance, and that the modalities provided for in the previously lodged work agreement are applied to July 14, 2021; that this last condition is applied as soon as the above work agreement allows this to be used in its amended version; in the consideration that for the same reasons, the maximum limits for the organization of publicly accessible events, to which the access of July 14, 2021, is also organized on 50 people are lowered inside and 100 outdoors; that a mask must also be worn in these events, even if the people dance; Indians considering that for organizers of events with an audience of at least 50 people and at least 100 people outdoors, on the previously led cooperation agreement 14To resort to July 2021, without prejudice to the possibility of the federized sub -areas, mayor and governor to prescribe their application in this context or to reduce the minimum numbers, on the one hand, on the one hand, and without prejudice to the possibility of organizers of a publicly accessible event with fewer audiences, voluntarily to re -re -establish the inform the visitors in advance, on the other hand; that the application of this collaboration agreement on the one hand enables planned events to take place safer, and on the other hand, that line can be gathered by a certain size due to the strict access conditions; that, in view of the increase in infection figures, even in the event of major events, the mask must be worn in order to limit a further increase; in the consideration, the end of the season of Christmas and winter markets, and that it is therefore necessary to determine clear rules in this regard; that these are considered events; in the consideration that in the maximum number of people who may come together, the children are also always included, unless expressly determined anything else; in the consideration that in view of the unfavorable health situation, the applicable restrictions are necessary to Another worsening situation to prevent and ensure that the efforts of the entire population and all concerned sectors, including the economic and health sector, will not be destroyed; in the consideration that the effects of these measures are in need of protective persons and groups The ability of their health or personal or professional situation have been exposed to greater difficulties to comply with the health measures or to submit to these measures; that an exception to the mask obligation is intended for people, for example, who, for medical reasons or due to impairment, cannot carry a mask or a facial protection shade; in the consideration that the latest forecast model shows that the top load in the event of a permanent decline in reproduction at the latest on December 1st The hospitals through the fourth wave in the first half of December until mid-December with a burden on the intensive care unit of 600 to 850 covid patients, which makes a deterioration compared to earlier model endings; that this is already pressure on the continuity of the normal services and the supply that is not related to Covid-19; that the model shows that there is an increased risk that the beds in the intensive care units will be covered with over 500 covid patients for at least one month, and that the previous waves can also be derived from the previous waves that a normalization situation in the hospitals Weekly takes up; However, the fact that the health campontal is assessed, whereupon new decisions can be made; in the consideration that the situation in Belgium develops negatively in comparison to other European countries in relation to the extinctions, hospital admissions and deaths; that it is necessary to prevent an overload of health system, to enable the most normal operation of the teaching system and non -economic activities and to maintain the psychological well -being of the citizens as far as possible; must be avoided; that additional measures are therefore necessary for the protection of the population and to continue the vaccination campaign; that in view of the actual epidemic situation, stricter measures in relation to home office, wearing a mask and organizing access to certain places in accordance with the cooperation agreement mentioned above 14 14July 2021 are appropriate, necessary and proportionate; that these measures offer the possibility of dispensing with more drastic measures such as closures; that the health situation is assessed regularly; That this means that strict measures are never excluded; in the consideration that, in view of all the predominant considerations, all administrative police measures provided for in the present decree are necessary to protect the right of the population on life and health and consequently the spread of coronavirus COVID-19, and that to contain, and that with regard to this goal and the development of the depidemiological situation in Belgium, they are proportionate; at the proposal of the ministerial inside and on the basis of the statement of the ministers who advised on the council, we have decided and issued: Article 1 - Article 1 of the Royal Erfar October 28, 2021 About the administrative police measures that are necessary to prevent or change the following epidemic emergency situation in relation to the pandemic of the Coronavirus Covid-19 for the people's health: 1. The numbers6, 11 and 12 are canceled. 2. Number 18 is added by the words "; among them in particular Christmas markets, winter markets and sports competitions". 2 - Article 2 of the same decree is changed as follows: 1. Paragraph 1 is replaced as follows: "§ 1 - Home Officeist Duty in all companies, associations and services for all persons employed, regardless of the type of employment relationship, unless this is due to the type of function, the continuity of the company, its activities or services impossible. Home office takes place in accordance with the existing collective work agreements and agreements. . Employers register every month from the State Office for Social Security on the electronic registration system per branch unit on the Internet portal of social security. are crafted and the number of people who have a function that cannot be in the home office. Registration for the period from November 22, 2021 to December 31, 2021 refers to the situation on the third working day after the entry into force of the present decree and must be carried out by November 30, 2021 at the latest. The subsequent registrations refer to the situation on the first working day of the month and must take place at the latest on the sixth calendar day. If the total number of persons employed in the branch unit and the number of people who perform a function that cannot be done in the home office has been unchanged since the last valid report, the employer is not obliged to report a new report. No application on:- KMB that employs fewer five people, regardless of the type of employment relationship,- businesses mentioned in Article 2 No. 1 of the collaboration agreement between the federal state, the Flemish region, the Wallonian region and the Brussels capital region from 16. February 2016 to master dangerous accidents with dangerous fabrics, which was approved by the law of April 1, 2016, employer, which in Article 40 of the Law of December 20, 2020 to determine temporary support measures based belong to certain health sectors Highings, both for the personnel paid by the organizers themselves and paid the sponsorship and for the personnel paid via a community ministry and has been registered. Article 2 No. 2 of the Law of December 7, 1999 to organize a police service mentioned on two levels structured on two levels. "2A paragraph 1bis with the following wording is inserted: "§ 1bis - in deviation from § 1 paragraph 1, the companies mentioned in § 1 paragraph 1, associations and service for the persons employed, regardless of the type of employment relationship, are required for home office obligation, In compliance with the rules mentioned in § 2 and under the following conditions:- Mutual agreement between these companies, associations and services and services and the people employed with them is necessary, which means that these people cannot be obliged to use these return times. It is to promote the psychosocial well-being and to promote the team spirit of these people. Workplace can return if You feel sick or have symptoms of illness or in a quarantine situation. Organizing return times must be taken into account in the company's rules, whereby all conditions have been checked. per person. By December 12, 2021, including at most, a maximum of 20 percent of those for whom home office is mandatory in accordance with § 1 may be present in the branch unit; From December 13, 2021, this maximum value is 40 percent. In the case of KMB, which employs less people, the persons may be present in the branch unit for the home office in accordance with § 1 compulsory. The words "the paragraph 1 and 2" with the words "the paragraph 1, 1bis and 2" replaced .art.3 - Article 5 of the same decree is replaced as follows: "Art. 5 - In the event of a commercial exercise of Horeca activities, the following minimum rules must be observed without prejudice to the applicable protocols: 1. Operators inform Customers, HR members and third parties in good time and clearly visible via the prevention measures. Personnel and customers provide the operators required for hand hygiene. 3. Operators take the necessary hygiene measures to regularly disinfect the location and the material used. 4. Operator grid a good ventilation. 5. Public places, including Terrassenim public space, are organized in accordance with the regulations issued by the local authorities. "Art.4 - In Article 9 (1) No. 4 of the same decree, the words" at least 200 people "are replaced in the words" at least 50 people " . Art. 5 - Article 11 of the same decree is added to paragraph 3 with the following wording: "This article does not apply to Christmas markets and winter markets." Art. 6 - In Article 12 of the same decree, paragraph 1, 2 and3 are replaced as follows: " § 1 - Private meetings may be organized indoors for a maximum of 50 people and outdoors for a maximum of 100 people, without prejudice to Article 22.diin paragraph 1 mentioned maximum numbers may be exceeded, provided that the persons present have a mask. July 2021 is organized, as soon as it allows it, and the organizer the people present in the Vorau S informs about this. § 2 - Events, including Christmas markets and winter markets, cultural or Anderedarbits, sports competitions, sports training and congresses are not included in interiors for an audience of 50 people, employees and organizers, without prejudice Article 5, 7, 9 and 20 and the applicable protocol. Both the employees and organizers are also obliged to wear a mask according to Article 22. Events, including Christmas markets and winter markets, cultural or other performances, sports competitions, sports training and congresses, outdoors for an audience of a maximum of 100 people, employees and organizers Included, organized, without prejudice to Article 5, 7, 9 and 20 and the applicable protocols. Both the employees and organizers and the audience are obliged to wear a mask in accordance with Article 22The present paragraph does not apply if the access on the basis of the collaboration agreement of July 14, 2021 will be organized by a local police agent, a local police regulation, a decre or at an orderly. § 3 - Large events and test and pilot projects indoors and a maximum of 75,000 people per day, employees and organizers, may not be organized for the prior approval of the responsible local authorities and so far modalities of the cooperation agreement of July 14, 2021 Large events and test and pilot projects outdoors may be organized for at least 100 people and a maximum of 75,000 people day, employees and organizers, subject to the priority of the responsible local authorities and provided the modalities of the cooperation agreement from July 14, 2021 are complied with . The reception area of ​​the major event is organized in one way, which enables compliance with the rules of social distancing. Hung from paragraphs 1 and 2 can also be organized by a large event with fewer than 50 people indoors and fewer than 100 people outdoors in the application of the modality agreement of July 14, 2021, provided the organizer informs the visitor. "Art." Art. 7 - Article 13 of the same decree is canceled. Art.8 - In Article 14 paragraph 1 of the same decree, the words "with the exception of the children up to the age of 12 years including" from the words "from the age of 10" are replaced. 9 - Article 20 paragraph 2 of the same decree is changed as follows: 1. In No. 2, the words "12 years" are replaced by the words "9 years". 2. The numbers 6 and 7 are canceled. Art.10 - Article 22 of the same decree is changed as follows: 1. Paragraph 1 paragraph 1 is replaced: "It is strongly recommended that everyone from the age of 10 covers the mouth and nasemit of a mask if the rules of social distancing can impossible in Article 20, without prejudice to the application of paragraph 2 and 3. "2. In § 1 paragraph 2, the introductory sentence will be replaced as follows: "From the age of 10, everyone is obliged to cover mouth and nose with a mask in the following locations, without prejudice to the paragraph 2 and 3:". 3. Paragraph 1 paragraph 2 No. 7 is supplemented by the words ", including fitness centers". 4. Paragraph 1 paragraph 2 No. 11 is replaced as follows: "11. For the staff: in facilities and in places where Horeca activities mentioned in Article 5,". 5. Paragraph 1 paragraph 2 No. 12 is replaced as follows: "12. In facilities and in places where Horeca activities are carried out in accordance with Article 5, in relation to customers if this is not at the table or at the counter,". 6. Paragraph 1 paragraph 2 is supplemented by number 13.14 and 15 with the following wording: "13. To places where private meetings mentioned in Article 12 § 1 paragraph 2 take place, 14. 3 events mentioned take place, 15. In other places where access is organized according to the collaboration agreement of July 14, 2021. "7. Paragraph 1 paragraph 3 will be replaced by the following: "The obligation mentioned in paragraph 2 does not apply to discothetization and dance halls, provided that the access is organized using certified negative self -tests as soon as the applicable cooperation agreement allows this." Art. " 11 - The issuing step on November 20, 2021 at 7 a.m. in Kraft.art. 12 - The ministerist responsible for the internal issue with the execution of the present decree.