Publication: 2021-07-14Numac: 2021021387brussels-Capital Region24 June 2021.-Decision of the Brussels-Capital Government to the designation of new members of the selection committee for the allocation of a mandate of director/director-service head A4 Back Office of the Regional Government Service Brussels Fiscalism Brussels -Capital Government, given the special law of 12 January 1989 with regard to the Brussels institutions, in particular Article 40; Having regard to the decision of the Brussels -Capital Government of 21 March 2018 on the administrative status and the remuneration scheme of the officials of the Government Services of Degewestelijk Diensten Brussels, in particular on Article 446; Having regard to the decision of the Brussels-Capital Government of 25 March 2021 designation of the members of the selection committee for the allocation of a mandate of director/director-service head A4 Back Office of the Brussels Fiscali Regional Government Service Teit; Given that Mrs. Isabelle Montaigne (FR) is Nietlanger available to sit in this selection committee and that it is therefore necessary to have her in the fact that Mrs. Florence Coutellier (FR) has experience regarding Human Resources as a consultant and coach for 20 years at Progress Consulting; on the recommendation of the Minister of Public Official, after deliberation, Decree: Article 1. Be designated as new members of the selection committee for the allocation of a position of vandelector/director-service head A4 Back Office of the regional Public Service Brussels Taxation: Mrs. Florence Coutellier (FR) replaced Mrs. Isabelle Montaigne (FR) Art. 2. No single member may sit if he is in a situation that can jeopardize his impartiality.art.3. The minister competent for public office is charged with the implementation of this decision.art.4. This decision comes into effect the day on which it is announced in the Belgian Official Gazette. Brussels, 24 June 2021. For the Brussels -Capital Government, r. Vervoortminister President of the Brussels-Capital Government, competent for territorial development and urban renewal, tourism, the promotion of the image of Brussels and bicultural affairs of regional importance. Image of Brussels.