Publication: 2022-03-09NUMAC: 2022040471Federal Public Service Financial Administration of Taxation. - Tax of non-residents (natural persons). - notification of employers who pay remuneration to workers who are non-resident and as a seasonal workers in the agricultural and horticultural work-statutory provisions article 7 of the law of 21 January2022 containing various tax provisions (BS 28.01.2022), hereinafter W 21.01.2022 has the option Introductory The withholding tax that owes the remuneration of non-residents who work as seasonal workers in the agriculture and horticulture. For the inhabitants of a Member State of the European Economic Space, this is a selection system, since they can opt for their income regularization via a declaration in the tax of non-residents (natural persons). understanding:- the remuneration for performance as an occasional worker in the agriculture or horticulture as referred to in Article 8bis of the Royal Decree of 28 November 1969 implementing the law of 27 June 1969 revision of the Decree Act of 28 December 1944 on the social security of the workers- The end-of-year bonuses granted the loyalty premium that is granted by the Guarantee and Social Fund for the Horticultural Hospital- the remuneration for performance as a worker in agriculture or horticulture under a contract of a certain duration or for a clearly defined work of a maximum of six consecutive calendar weeks in the event of employment as occasional worker in agriculture or horticulture at the same employer, and the holiday allowance that relates to this. That system is only applicable when the taxpayer and, if necessary, his spouse won no other than the aforementioned income that has been mentioned above must be specified and regularized in the tax of non-residents (natural persons). These provisions apply from the 2022 assessment year (income of the year 2021). The employee must, on the basis of the legal text, the employer must be an employer's employer for formalizing seasonal workers Fiscal administration of their place of residence issued place of residence declaration, at the latest on the day of the first payment by that employer of remuneration of seasonal workers in the agriculture or horticulture. Happet to the possible problems that the worker can experience by his tax administration issued residence clearance g to obtain and to deliver it to his employer within the legal period, it is permitted that a statement that provides its official place of residence may be provided by a government agency other than the tax administration, insofar as that government body is authorized to determine the civilian place of residence. Such a declaration meets the intention of the law, namely that the employer would know the address of the official resort of the worker to be able to fulfill his administrative obligations correctly. Uniform statement is mandatory from the 2023 tax year (income of the year 2022). Formalisming legal text requires the employer to provide a copy of the place of residence to the tax administration by electronic administration by electronic year from the year following the income year following the income year. statements, for pragmatic reasons to alleviate the administrative formalities on the part of the employer, it has been decided that these last -second place of residence must be made available to the Belgian tax administration and they make crossed at every request of that administration. Omsten of the year 2021 a new profession that allows the sheet of a seasonal worker not in the agriculture or horticulture that the sheet remuneration of a seasonal worker is liberating.